<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1912461_0001213900-24-097437.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4588516</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>230527</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>990347</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1015599</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1053388</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1202403</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097437.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113160049
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097437
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SK Growth Opportunities Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001912461
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41432
		FILM NUMBER:		241453828

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVENUE S
		STREET 2:		#96693
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-740-1505

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVENUE S
		STREET 2:		#96693
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097437.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0219063-10q_skgrowth.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________________
to _______________________ 

Commission File number: 001-41432 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 
 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As of November 13, 2024,
there were shares of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of the
registrant s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 PART I-FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 2 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 26 

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 27 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 27 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 27 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 27 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 27 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 
 27 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 
 28 

Signatures 
 
 29 

i 

PART I-FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Assets: 
 (unaudited) 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Extension payment payable 

Sponsor Note 

Ordinary Class A shares to be redeemed 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Overfunding loan 

Deferred underwriting and advisory fees 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and shares subject to possible redemption at approximately and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; no non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding (excluding 9,732,960 shares subject to possible redemption) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements . 

1 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Ordinary Shares 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2023 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Ordinary Shares 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

General and administrative expenses paid by related party under promissory note 

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Extension payment payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from promissory note 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash beginning of the period 

Cash end of the period 

Non-cash financing activities: 

General and administrative expenses paid by Sponsor under promissory note 

Ordinary Class A shares to be redeemed 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements . 

4 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

units
(the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units, the Public Shares ),
at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million,
of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5). The underwriter was granted a 45-day option from
the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover
over-allotments, if any, at per Unit (the Over-Allotment Option ). On July 20, 2022, pursuant to the underwriter s
notice of the partial exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Company sold an additional Units, at per Unit,
generating aggregate additional gross proceeds of million to the Company (the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise ).
On August 9, 2022, following the expiration of the remaining Over-Allotment Option, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares (as
defined in Note 4). 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of warrants of the Company
(each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of 
per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of million (see Note 4). Substantially
concurrently with the closing of the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise, the Company completed the sale of additional Private Placement
Warrants to the Sponsor (the Additional Private Placement at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating
gross proceeds to the Company of . 

In addition, upon the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering on June 28, 2022, the Sponsor provided the Company with the First Overfunding Loan (as defined in Note 4) in the
amount of million to deposit in the Trust Account at no interest. In connection with the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise on
July 20, 2022, the Sponsor provided the Company with the Second Overfunding Loan (as defined in Note 4) in the amount of to
deposit in the Trust Account. 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise, approximately million per Unit) of net proceeds, including
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise the proceeds of the Overfunding Loans and certain
of the proceeds of the Private Placement and the Additional Private Placement, was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States
 government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the
completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the sale of Private Placement Warrants and
the proceeds from the Overfunding Loan, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at
least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in Trust and
taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination.
However, the Company only intends to complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more
of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

5 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

per Public Share). The per-share
amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 5). 

The Public Shares are recognized at redemption
value and classified as temporary equity, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). The
Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If
a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons,
the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Articles of Association ),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is
required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem
the Public Shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally,
each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) agreed
to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination.
In addition, the initial shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in
connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 

The Articles of Association provides that a Public
Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )),
will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares included in the Units
issued in the Company s Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. The holders of the Founder Shares (the
 initial shareholders agreed not to propose an amendment to the Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of the Public
Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company
provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

On December 27, 2023, the Company held an
extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the First Extension Meeting ), to (i) amend the Company s amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which
the Company has to consummate a business combination from December 28, 2023 to September 30, 2024 (or March 31, 2025) as the
Company s board of directors (the Board may approve in accordance with the Memorandum and Articles of Association
(such amendment, the First Articles Amendment and such proposal, the First Extension Amendment Proposal ),
(ii) amend the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June 23, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental, to extend
the date on which Continental must liquidate the Trust Account if the Company has not completed its initial business combination, from
December 28, 2023 to September 30, 2024 (or March 31, 2025) as the Board may approve (the First Trust Amendment Proposal ).
The First Extension Amendment Proposal and the First Trust Amendment Proposal were approved. In connection with the vote to approve the
First Articles Amendment, the holders of Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem
their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . 

On September 27, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting
of shareholders (the Second Extension Meeting ), to (i) amend the Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the
date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from September 30, 2024 to March 31, 2025 (such amendment, the
 Second Articles Amendment and such proposal, the Second Extension Amendment Proposal ), (ii) amend the Investment
Management Trust Agreement, dated June 23, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental, to extend the date on which Continental
must liquidate the Trust Account if the Company has not completed its initial business combination, from September 30, 2024 to March
31, 2025 (the Second Trust Amendment Proposal ). The Sponsor has agreed that if the Second Extension Amendment Proposal is
approved and implemented, it or its designee will contribute to the Company, as a loan, for each Public Share that is not redeemed
in connection with the Second Extension Amendment Proposal for each calendar month (commencing on October 1, 2024 and on the 1st day of
each subsequent month) until March 31, 2025, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete the Business Combination. The Second Extension
Amendment Proposal and the Second Trust Amendment Proposal were approved. In connection with the vote to approve the Second Articles Amendment,
the holders of Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption
price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . 

6 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses)
divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. 

The initial shareholders agreed to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial shareholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriter agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission
(see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period
and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption
of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available
for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only . In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the
Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which
the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) the lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account
nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account
due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with
the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Going Concern Consideration 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
in cash and working capital deficit of approximately million. 

The Company s liquidity needs prior to the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares,
and loan proceeds from the Sponsor of under the Note (as defined in Note 4). The Company repaid the Note in full upon closing
of the Initial Public Offering. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been
satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the
Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, members
of the Company s founding team or any of their affiliates may provide the Company with Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note
4) as may be required (of which up to million may be converted at the lender s option into warrants). 

On October 30, 2023, the Sponsor loaned the Company
 and the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the total principal amount of up to to the Sponsor. 

On March 1, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
convertible promissory note in the total principal amount of up to (the First Sponsor Note to Sponsor. The First
Sponsor Note does not bear interest on the unpaid principal balance and matures upon closing of the Company s initial business combination.
In the event that the Company does not consummate an initial business combination, the First Sponsor Note will be repaid solely to the
extent that the Company has funds available to it, if any, outside of its trust account established in connection with its initial public
offering of its securities. The proceeds of the First Sponsor Note will be used to fund ongoing operating expenses of the Company. The
total principal amount of the First Sponsor Note may be converted, in whole or in part, at the option of the Sponsor, (i) into warrants
of the Company at a price of per warrant, with each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, par value per share,
of the Company Class A Ordinary Share ), or (ii) into Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(i) the amount of accrued and outstanding of the promissory note, by (ii) . The warrants will be identical to the private placement
warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the initial public offering of the Company. 

7 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(the Second Sponsor Note, and collectively with
the First Sponsor Note, the Sponsor Note to Sponsor. The Second Sponsor Note does not bear interest on the unpaid principal
balance and matures upon closing of the Company s initial business combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate
an initial business combination, the Second Sponsor Note will be repaid solely to the extent that the Company has funds available to it,
if any, outside of its trust account established in connection with its initial public offering of its securities. The proceeds of the
Second Sponsor Note will be used to fund ongoing operating expenses of the Company. The total principal amount of the Second Sponsor Note
may be converted, in whole or in part, at the option of the Sponsor, (i) into warrants of the Company at a price of per warrant,
with each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, par value per share, of the Company Class A Ordinary Share ),
or (ii) into Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the amount of accrued and outstanding of the promissory
note, by (ii) . The warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the initial
public offering of the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024, the Company has 
and in borrowings under the Sponsor Note, respectively. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, 
the Company has until March 31, 2025, to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate
a Business Combination by this time, and if a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, then there will be a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution of the Company. 

Management has determined that the liquidity condition
and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements
are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty through the initial Business Combination as discussed above. There is no assurance
that the Company s plans to consummate the initial Business Combination will be successful or successful within the Combination
Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

United States and global markets are experiencing
volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation
of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries
have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal
of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain
countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and
to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The Russia-Ukraine conflict and the escalation of the Israel-Hamas
conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom,
the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting
impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could
lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain
interruptions and increased cyberattacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global
economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

8 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and generally have a readily
determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S.
government securities, the investments are classified as trading securities. When the Company s investments held in the Trust Account
are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market
funds are presented on the unaudited condensed balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting
from the change in fair value of these securities are included in income from investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying unaudited
condensed statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available
market information. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the assets held in the Trust Account were in money market funds. 

9 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Founder Shares and the derivative liability was extinguished. 

10 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

and Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption,
respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s unaudited
condensed balance sheets. 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, June 30, 2023 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2023 

Less: 

Redemptions 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, June 30, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Less: 

Redemptions 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

11 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

shares in the calculation of diluted income per ordinary share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent
upon the occurrence of future events. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Net income per ordinary share basic and diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Net income per ordinary share basic and diluted 

12 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million,
and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

The underwriter was granted the Over-Allotment
Option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at per Unit. On July 20, 2022, pursuant
to the underwriter s notice of the partial exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Company sold an additional Units,
at per Unit, generating aggregate additional gross proceeds of million to the Company and incurring deferred underwriting
commissions of . The remaining Over-Allotment Option expired on August 7, 2022. On August 9, 2022, following the
expiration of the remaining Over-Allotment Option, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4). 

Each Unit consists of share of Class A
ordinary shares, and one-half of redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each Public
Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share, subject to
adjustment (see Note 6). 

Class B
ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares ), to cover certain expenses on the Company s behalf for
an aggregate purchase price of . On February 24, 2022, Class B ordinary shares were surrendered and
thereupon cancelled by the Company. On May 5, 2022, Class B ordinary shares were surrendered and thereupon
cancelled by the Company resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding to shares.
The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of Founder Shares to the extent that the option to purchase additional
Units is not exercised in full by the underwriter or is reduced, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares upon the Initial Public Offering. On July 20, 2022, the Company sold an additional Units
in the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise pursuant to the underwriter s notice of the partial exercise of the Over-Allotment Option.
On August 9, 2022, following the expiration of the remaining Over-Allotment Option, the Sponsor forfeited Founder
Shares. 

The initial shareholders, and the executive officers
and directors of the Company, agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (i) one
year after the completion of the initial Business Combination; and (ii) subsequent to the initial Business Combination (x) the
date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property or (y) if the closing price
of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after the initial Business Combination. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the
initial shareholders with respect to any Founder Shares. 

In February and March 2022, the Sponsor transferred
an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares to the Company s independent director nominees. The sale of the Founder
Shares is in the scope of ASC 718. The Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a
Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable
of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined that
a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based
compensation will be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination)
in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares that ultimately vest multiplied times the grant date fair value per share (unless
subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 

13 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per
Private Placement Warrant, in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of million. 

Substantially concurrently with the closing of
the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise, the Company completed the Additional Private Placement of additional Private Placement
Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company
of . 

A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the
Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The purchasers of
the Private Placement Warrants agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants
(except to permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

Related Party Loans 

Promissory Note to Sponsor 

The Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to
be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note, dated on December 9, 2021
and was later amended on May 5, 2022 (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed under the Note and repaid the Note in full upon closing of the Initial Public
Offering. The Note was no longer available to draw on after the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. 

Overfunding Loans 

On June 28, 2022, in connection with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor loaned the Company million under a non-interest bearing loan agreement
(the First Overfunding Loan to deposit in the Trust Account. On July 20, 2022, in connection with the Partial Over-Allotment
Exercise, the Sponsor provided the Company with the second Overfunding Loan in the amount of to deposit in the Trust
Account under the same terms (the Second Overfunding Loan , together, the Overfunding Loans ). The Overfunding
Loans will be repaid upon the closing of an initial Business Combination or converted into Class A ordinary shares at a conversion
price of per Class A ordinary share (or a combination of both), at the Sponsor s discretion, provided that any
such conversion may not occur until August 22, 2022. If the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination, it will not
repay the Overfunding Loans from amounts held in the Trust Account, and the Trust Account proceeds will be distributed to the Public Shareholders;
however, the Company may repay the Overfunding Loans if there are funds available outside the Trust Account to do so. As of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had in borrowings under the First Overfunding Loan. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company
completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released
to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that
a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital
Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would
be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been
determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans. 

Promissory Notes 

On October 30, 2023, the Sponsor loaned the Company
 and the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the total principal amount of up to to the Sponsor, which does
not bear interest on the unpaid principal balance and matures upon closing of the company s initial business combination and shall
be convertible at the election of the sponsor into warrants exercisable for Class A ordinary share of the post-business combination
company at a price of per warrant. 

14 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(the First Sponsor Note to Sponsor. The First
Sponsor Note does not bear interest on the unpaid principal balance and matures upon closing of the Company s initial business combination.
In the event that the Company does not consummate an initial business combination, the First Sponsor Note will be repaid solely to the
extent that the Company has funds available to it, if any, outside of its trust account established in connection with its initial public
offering of its securities. The proceeds of the First Sponsor Note will be used to fund ongoing operating expenses of the Company. The
total principal amount of the First Sponsor Note may be converted, in whole or in part, at the option of the Sponsor, (i) into warrants
of the Company at a price of per warrant, with each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, par value per share,
of the Company Class A Ordinary Share ), or (ii) into Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(i) the amount of accrued and outstanding of the promissory note, by (ii) . The warrants will be identical to the private placement
warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the initial public offering of the Company. 

On September 27, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
convertible promissory note in the total principal amount of up to (the Second Sponsor Note to Sponsor. The Second
Sponsor Note does not bear interest on the unpaid principal balance and matures upon closing of the Company s initial business combination.
In the event that the Company does not consummate an initial business combination, the Second Sponsor Note will be repaid solely to the
extent that the Company has funds available to it, if any, outside of its trust account established in connection with its initial public
offering of its securities. The proceeds of the Second Sponsor Note will be used to fund ongoing operating expenses of the Company. The
total principal amount of the Second Sponsor Note may be converted, in whole or in part, at the option of the Sponsor, (i) into warrants
of the Company at a price of per warrant, with each warrant exercisable for Class A ordinary share, par value per share,
of the Company Class A Ordinary Share ), or (ii) into Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(i) the amount of accrued and outstanding of the promissory note, by (ii) . The warrants will be identical to the private placement
warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the initial public offering of the Company. 

In the event that the Company does not consummate
an initial business combination, the promissory note will be repaid solely to the extent that the Company has funds available to it, if
any, outside of its trust account established in connection with its initial public offering of its securities. The proceeds of the promissory
note will be used to fund ongoing operating expenses of the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had and , respectively, in borrowings under the Promissory Notes. 

Extension Loans 

In order to extend the time available for the
Company to consummate its initial Business Combination by an additional three months each time, the Sponsor or its affiliates or
designees may provide an Extension Loan to the Company to provide funds to deposit into the Trust Account an additional amount of per
share each time. The Extension Loan will be provided under the form of a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory
note. 

Such Extension Loans may be converted into warrants
upon the consummation of the initial business combination, at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, and the lender decides
not to convert the Extension Loans into warrants, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to the Company. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, it will not repay such loans. The Sponsor and its affiliates
or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete the initial Business Combination.
Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Extension Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had in borrowings under the Extension Loans. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

On June 23, 2022, the Company entered into
an agreement with an affiliate of the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay such affiliate a total of per
month for secretarial and administrative support services provided to the Company through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business
Combination and the Company s liquidation. The Company incurred and in such fees included as general and
administrative expenses on the accompanying unaudited condensed statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company fully paid for such services. The Company incurred and in such fees
included as general and administrative expenses on the accompanying unaudited condensed statements of operations for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2023, the Company fully paid for such services. 

In addition, the Sponsor, officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the
Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations.
The audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on the Company s behalf. 

15 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

per Unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An additional
fee of per Unit, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the
Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

The Company also engaged Cohen Company
Capital Markets CCM to provide consulting and advisory services to the Company in connection with the Initial Public Offering,
for which it would receive (i) an advisory fee of , paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and (ii) a
deferred advisory fee of (payable solely in the event that the Company completes the initial Business Combination). The underwriter
has reimbursed a portion of its fees to cover for the fees payable to CCM. 

In connection with the consummation of the Partial
Over-Allotment Exercise, the underwriter and CCM were entitled to an additional fee in the aggregate amount of , paid upfront
on July 20, 2022, and in deferred underwriting and advisory commissions (net of the reimbursement from the
underwriter to cover for the fees payable to CCM). 

On February 27, 2024, Deutsche Bank Securities
Inc., agreed to waive its entitlement to the payment of any underwriting discount due to it pursuant to the Underwiring Agreement in connection
with the Company s potential business combination with Webull. 

Non-Redemption Agreements 

In connection with the First Extension Meeting to approve the First Extension
Amendment Proposal, the Company and Sponsor entered into non-redemption agreements (the Non-Redemption Agreements with
several unaffiliated third parties (the Investors ), pursuant to which such third parties agreed not to redeem (or to validly
rescind any redemption requests on) an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares, par value per share (the Class A
Ordinary Shares of the Company in connection with the First Extension Amendment Proposal. In exchange for the foregoing commitments
not to redeem such Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company, (i) the Sponsor agreed to surrender to the Company and forfeit for
no consideration an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Class B Ordinary
Shares and together with the Class A Ordinary Shares, the Ordinary Shares of the Company and (ii) the
Company agreed to issue or cause to be issued to the Investors for no additional consideration an aggregate of Class A
Ordinary Shares of the Company, each in connection with the Company s completion of its initial business combination. The Non-Redemption
Agreements increased the amount of funds that remain in the Company s Trust Account following the First Extension Meeting. 

The Company estimated the aggregate fair value
of the Class A Ordinary Shares attributable to the Investors to be or per share. Accordingly, in substance, it was
recognized by the Company as an expense to induce these holders of the Class A shares not to redeem, with a corresponding charge
to additional paid-in capital to recognize the fair value of the shares transferred as an offering cost. 

Volatility 

Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

16 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares held by Sponsor in connection with the execution of additional Non-Redemption Agreements
following the date of the Business Combination Agreement. In addition, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Sponsor Support
Agreement, Webull agreed to indemnify Sponsor and each other SPAC Insider for any U.S. federal (and applicable U.S. state and U.S. local)
income taxes, together with any interests and penalties (the Indemnifiable Amounts payable by Sponsor or the SPAC Insiders,
as applicable, solely arising from or attributable to the failure of the Mergers (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) to
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code or as an exchange described in Section 351 of the Code (the Intended Tax Treatment ), provided, however, that the Company
shall not have any liability in respect of any Indemnifiable Amounts to the extent that the aggregate amount of such Indemnifiable Amounts
exceeds . 

preference shares, par value per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A
ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and ,
respectively, Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which were subject to possible redemption and were classified
outside of permanent equity deficit on the unaudited condensed balance sheets. 

17 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31,
2022, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, which amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect
the share surrenders of Class B ordinary shares to the Company on February 24, 2022 and May 5, 2022 as discussed in Note
4. Of the Class B ordinary shares outstanding, up to an aggregate of shares was subject to forfeiture to the extent
that the option to purchase additional Units is not exercised in full by the underwriter or is reduced, so that the Founder Shares would
represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On July 20, 2022, the Company
sold an additional Units in the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise pursuant to the underwriter s notice of the partial exercise
of the Over-Allotment Option. On August 9, 2022, following the expiration of the remaining Over-Allotment Option, the Sponsor forfeited
 Founder Shares. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one
vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of the Class A ordinary
shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the
Company s shareholders, except as required by law. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof
at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate,
on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding
upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) (a) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued
or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection
with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued to any seller in the
initial Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the management
team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and Extension Loans and (b) any Class A ordinary shares issued to the Sponsor
upon conversion of Overfunding Loans. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a compulsory
redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event
will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. 

Warrants As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding.
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units
and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business
Combination, provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders
to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act).
The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of the Business
Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities
Act, of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants. The Company will use its
best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of the Business Combination and
to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public
Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Company s ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under the Securities Act, the Company, at its option, may require
holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration
statement. The Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants will expire after the completion of the Business Combination
or earlier upon the Company s redemption or liquidation. 

The warrants have an exercise price of 11.50 per
share, subject to adjustments, and will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital
raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less
than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors
and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares
held by such shareholder) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the proceeds from such issuances represent more than of
the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation
of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary
shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial
Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per
share redemption trigger price described under Redemption of Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

18 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, the 30-day redemption period and if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Public Warrant. 

The Company will not redeem the Public Warrants
as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period
or the Company has elected to require the exercise of the Public Warrants on a cashless basis . If the Company calls the
Public Warrants for redemption as described above, the Company will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise such
warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized
at the beginning of the reporting period. There were no transfers between levels during the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023. 

19 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this report
(the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to SK Growth Opportunities
Corporation References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references
to the Sponsor refer to Auxo Capital Managers LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto
contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes
 forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly
Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management
for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, 
 intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s
current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ
materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to
the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024. The Company s securities
filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities
law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands on December 8, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We are an emerging growth
company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

Our Sponsor is Auxo Capital
Managers LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective
on June 23, 2022. On June 28, 2022, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of 200.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 12.0 million, of which 7.0 million was for deferred underwriting
commissions. The underwriter was granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering
to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at 10.00 per Unit. On July 20, 2022, pursuant to the underwriter s
notice of the partial exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, we sold an additional 960,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating aggregate
additional gross proceeds of 9.6 million to us. On August 7, 2022, the remaining Over-Allotment Option expired unexercised. 

On August 10, 2022, the Company
announced that, effective August 15, 2022, the Company s Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising each issued and outstanding
Unit will commence trading separately under the ticker symbols SKGR and SKGW, respectively. Holders of Units
may elect to continue to hold Units or separate their Units into the component securities. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 6,600,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.00 per
Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our Sponsor, generating proceeds of 6.6 million. Substantially concurrently with
the closing of the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise, we completed an additional private placement of 192,000 Private Placement Warrants
to our Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 192,000. 

In addition, upon the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering on June 28, 2022, our Sponsor provided us with the First Overfunding Loan in the amount of 5.0 million
to deposit in the Trust Account at no interest. In connection with the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise on July 20, 2022, our Sponsor provided
us with the Second Overfunding Loan in the amount of 240,000 to deposit in the Trust Account. 

20 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Partial Over-Allotment
Exercise, approximately 214.8 million 10.25 per Unit) of net proceeds, including the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the
Partial Over-Allotment Exercise, the proceeds of the Overfunding Loans and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement and the Additional
Private Placement, was placed in the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting
as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of:
(i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

We will provide the Public
Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either
(i) in connection with a shareholders meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in its
discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the
Trust Account (initially at 10.25 per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public
Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. 

If we are unable to consummate
an initial business combination prior to March 31, 2025 (such period, the Combination Period ), we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided
by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as
shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Proposed Business Combination 

On February 27, 2024, we
entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business
Combination Agreement with Webull Corporation, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands Webull ), Feather Sound I Inc., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Webull Merger Sub I and Feather Sound II Inc., an exempted company limited
by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Webull Merger Sub II ). 

Termination 

The Business Combination
Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the First Merger Effective Time, including, among
others: (i) by mutual written consent of Webull and us; (ii) by Webull or us if any law or governmental order is in effect that has become
final and non-appealable and has the effect of making the consummation of the Transactions illegal or otherwise preventing or prohibiting
consummation of the Transactions; (ii) by Webull if our board or any of its committees shall have withheld, withdrawn, qualified, amended
or modified, or publicly proposed to do any of the foregoing, with respect to our board recommendation that our shareholders vote in favor
of the SPAC Transaction Proposals (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) at the duly convened meeting of our shareholders,
(iii) by Webull if we shall have failed to obtain the approval of our shareholders in an extraordinary general meeting in connection with
the amendment to our organizational documents to extend the deadline for us to consummate an initial business combination; (iv) by Webull
or us if the SPAC Shareholders Approval shall not have been obtained at the meeting of our shareholders, (v) by Webull or us if
the required approval by the shareholders of the Webull shall not have been obtained; (vi) by Webull or us upon a breach of or failure
to perform any representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements set forth in the Business Combination Agreement by the other
party if such breach gives rise to a failure of certain closing conditions to be satisfied and cannot or has not been cured; and (vii)
by Webull or us if the Transactions shall not have been consummated on or prior to the March 31, 2025, in each case subject to specified
exceptions. 

The Business Combination
Agreement and related agreements are further described in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024. Other
than as specifically discussed, this Quarterly Report does not assume the closing of the Business Combination or the transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement. 

21 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution
and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, we have entered into a support agreement with Webull and the SPAC Insiders (the Sponsor
Support Agreement ), pursuant to which, each SPAC Insider agreed, among other things, (a) at any meeting of our shareholders called
to seek SPAC Shareholders Approval or SPAC Shareholder Extension Approval (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), or
in connection with any written consent of our shareholders or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or other approval
with respect to the Business Combination Agreement and the Transactions, such SPAC Insider (i) agreed to, if a meeting is held, appear
at such meeting or otherwise cause our Class B ordinary shares held by such SPAC Insider to be counted as present at such meeting for
purposes of establishing a quorum, and (ii) vote or cause to be voted our Class B ordinary shares held by such SPAC Insider in favor of
the SPAC Shareholders Approval or the SPAC Shareholder Extension Approval; and (b) subject to the exceptions set forth in the Sponsor
Support Agreement, agreed to become subject to certain transfer restrictions with respect to (i) any Webull Ordinary Shares held by each
SPAC Insider immediately after the First Merger Effective Time during a period of twelve (12)-months from and after the Closing Date,
(ii) Webull Class A ordinary share (the Webull Warrants or class A ordinary shares of Webull, par value 0.00001 per share
(the Webull Class A Ordinary Shares underlying such warrants held by each SPAC Insiders immediately after the First Merger
Effective Time until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date. 

Following the date of the
Business Combination Agreement, we and our sponsor will use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into additional Non-Redemption Agreements
with our public shareholders, pursuant to which our sponsor will be required to forfeit for no consideration 2,000,000 of Class B ordinary
shares held by our sponsor. To the extent the aggregate amount of our Class B ordinary shares to be forfeited by our sponsor pursuant
to such additional Non-Redemption Agreements is less than 2,000,000, our sponsor will forfeit an additional amount of our Class B ordinary
shares on the Closing Date and immediately prior to the First Merger Effective Time, such that our sponsor will forfeit an aggregate of
2,000,000 Class B ordinary shares pursuant to such additional Non-Redemption Agreements and the Sponsor Support Agreement. 

In addition, on the terms
and subject to the conditions of the Sponsor Support Agreement, following the closing of the Business Combination until 30 days following
the expiration of the statute of limitations for the applicable taxes (or if an audit is commenced during this period, until the completion
of the audit), subject to the occurrence of certain triggering events, Webull agreed to indemnify our sponsor and each other SPAC Insiders
for any U.S. federal (and applicable U.S. state and U.S. local) income taxes, together with any interests and penalties (the Indemnifiable
Amounts payable by our sponsor or the other SPAC Insiders, as applicable, solely arising from or attributable to the failure of
the Mergers to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code or as an exchange described in Section 351 of the Code, provided, however, that Webull shall not have any liability
in respect of any Indemnifiable Amounts to the extent that the aggregate amount of such Indemnifiable Amounts exceeds 5,000,000. 

The foregoing description
of the Sponsor Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Sponsor
Support Agreement, a copy of which is filed with our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024 which is incorporated
by reference herein. 

Going Concern Consideration 

As of September 30, 2024,
the company had 621,449 in cash and working capital deficit of approximately 6.8 million. 

Our liquidity needs prior
to the consummation of the initial public offering were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from our sponsor to purchase founder
shares, and loan proceeds from our sponsor of 300,000 under a promissory note, dated December 9, 2021 that was later amended on May 5,
2022 (the Note ). We repaid the Note in full upon closing of the initial public offering. Subsequent to the consummation
of the initial public offering, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the initial public
offering, the overfunding loans and the private placement held outside of the trust account. In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor, members of our founding team or any of their affiliates may provide us with
working capital loans as may be required (of which up to 1.5 million may be converted at the lender s option into warrants).We
have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. In connection with our assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern, 
we have until September 30, 2024 (or March 31, 2025 as may be approved as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC
on March 29, 2024) to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination by
this time, and if a business combination is not consummated by this date, then there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution
of our company. 

22 

Our management has determined
that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution
raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the
financial statements are issued. Our management plans to address this uncertainty through the initial business combination as discussed
above. There is no assurance that our plans to consummate the initial business combination will be successful or successful by March 31,
2025 as described in our Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on September 3, 2024, as amended by the Amendment to the Definitive
Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on September 17, 2024 and September 25, 2024, respectively. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

United States and global
markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict
and the recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the
European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals
and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
(SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or
other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The Russia-Ukraine conflict and
the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO,
the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security
concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are
highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital
markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions
could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the above mentioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russia-Ukraine
conflict, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Company s
search for an initial business combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an initial business
combination. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since
inception up to September 30, 2024, related to our formation, the preparation for the Initial Public Offering, and since the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We will not be generating any operating revenues
until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we had a net income of approximately 1.1 million, which consisted of approximately 1.5 million in income from investments
held in the trust account, offset by approximately 340,000 in general and administrative expenses (of which 30,000 was for administrative
expenses for related party). 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, we had a net income of approximately 2.2 million, which consisted of approximately 4.3 million in income from investments
held in the trust account, offset by approximately 2.1 million in general and administrative expenses (of which 90,000 was for administrative
expenses for related party). 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2023, we had a net income of approximately 1.9 million which consisted of approximately 2.9 million in
income from investments held in the Trust Account, offset by approximately 1.0 million in general and administrative expenses (of
which 30,000 was for administrative expenses for related party). 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2023, we had a net income of approximately 6.1 million, which consisted of approximately 7.6 million in income from investments
held in the Trust Account, offset by approximately 1.6 million in general and administrative expenses (of which 90,000 was for
administrative expenses for related party). 

23 

Contractual Obligations 

Shareholder and Registration Rights 

Pursuant to a registration
and shareholder rights agreement entered into on June 23, 2022, the holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, Class A ordinary
shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and Extension
Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon
conversion of Working Capital Loans and Extension Loans), have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of the securities
held by them. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggy-back registration rights. However, the registration
rights agreement provides that we will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become
effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements. 

Underwriting and Advisory Agreement 

The underwriter was entitled
to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 4.0 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
An additional fee of 0.35 per Unit, or approximately 7.0 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that
we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

We also engaged Cohen 
Company Capital Markets CCM to provide consulting and advisory services to us in connection with the Initial Public Offering,
for which it would receive: (i) an advisory fee of 400,000, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and (ii) a deferred
advisory fee of 700,000 (payable solely in the event that we complete the initial Business Combination. The underwriter has reimbursed
a portion of their fees to cover for the fees payable to CCM. 

In connection with the consummation
of the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise, the underwriter and CCM were entitled to an additional fee of 192,000, paid upfront on July 20,
2022, and 240,000 in deferred underwriting and advisory commissions, (net of the reimbursement from the underwriter to cover for the
fees payable to CCM). 

Administrative Services Agreement 

On June 23, 2022, we entered
into an agreement with an affiliate of our sponsor, pursuant to which we agreed to pay such affiliate a total of 10,000 per month for
secretarial and administrative support services provided to us through the earlier of consummation of the initial business combination
and our liquidation. We incurred 30,000 and 90,000 in such fees included as general and administrative expenses on the accompanying
unaudited condensed statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we fully
paid for such services. We incurred 30,000 and 90,000 in such fees included as general and administrative expenses on the accompanying
unaudited condensed statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2023, we fully
paid for such services. 

In addition, our sponsor,
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
The audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of the unaudited
condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements, and the reported amounts
of income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the
following as critical accounting estimates. 

24 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

We evaluate our financial
instruments, including equity-linked financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). For freestanding
derivative financial instruments that are classified as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recognized at fair value with
subsequent changes in fair value recognized in the unaudited condensed statements of operations each reporting period. The classification
of freestanding derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be classified as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated
at the end of each reporting period. 

We evaluate embedded conversion
features within convertible debt instruments to determine whether the embedded conversion and other features should be bifurcated from
the debt host instrument and accounted for as a derivative in accordance with ASC 815. 

We accounted for Public Warrants
and the Private Placement Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815. Application of such guidance provides that the
warrants are not precluded from equity classification. The warrants were initially measured at fair value. Subsequent changes in fair
value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity. 

The Over-Allotment Option
was recognized as a derivative liability in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognized the instrument as a liability at fair
value and adjusted the instrument to fair value at each reporting period. On August 9, 2022, following the expiration of the remaining
Over-Allotment Option, the Sponsor forfeited 510,000 Founder Shares and the derivative liability was extinguished. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

We account for our Class
A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory
redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary
shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to
redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times,
Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that
are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of September 30,
2024, 9,732,960 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
deficit section of our unaudited condensed balance sheets. 

We recognize changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to equal the
redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption
date for the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized the accretion from initial book value
to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Our management do not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual
Obligations 

As of September 30, 2024,
we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments
or contractual obligations. 

25 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS
Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying
public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised
accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We elected to delay the adoption of
new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates
on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our unaudited condensed financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

As an emerging growth
company , we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal
controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging
growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may
be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related
items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median
employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering
or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded
that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

During the most recently
completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

26 

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As of the date of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the
SEC on September 3, 2024, as amended by that certain Amendment to the Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on September 17, 2024
and September 25, 2024, respectively. We may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our
future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

We have not sold any equity
securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Use of Proceeds 

In connection with the Initial
Public Offering and the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise, we incurred offering costs of approximately 12.6 million (including deferred
underwriting commissions of approximately 7.3 million). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related
to the Initial Public Offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount
will be payable upon consummation of the initial Business Combination, if consummated) and the Initial Public Offering expenses, approximately
 214.8 million of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise, the proceeds of the Overfunding
Loans and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement and the Additional Private Placement was placed in the Trust Account. The net
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the Partial Over-Allotment Exercise, the proceeds of the Overfunding Loans and certain of the
proceeds of the Private Placement and the Additional Private Placement are held in the Trust Account and invested as described elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

There has been no material
change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering, the Overfunding Loan and the Private Placement as is described
in the Company s final prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

No officers or directors,
as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), and/or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement, as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, during the last fiscal quarter. 

27 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are
filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Incorporation by Reference 
 
 Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 

10.1 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement between SK Growth Opportunities Corporation and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41432 
 
 10.1 
 
 October 2, 2024 
 
 10.2 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated September 27, 2024. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41432 
 
 10.2 
 
 October 2, 2024 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

28 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

SK GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES CORPORATION 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard Chin 

Name: 
 Richard Chin 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Derek Jensen 

Name: 
 Derek Jensen 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

29 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ea021906301ex3-1_skgrowth.htm
 AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

Exhibit
3.1 

Registrar of Companies 

 Government Administration Building 

 133 Elgin Avenue 

 George Town 

 Grand Cayman 

SK Growth Opportunities Corporation (ROC #384533) (the Company 

TAKE
NOTICE that by minutes of the extraordinary meeting of the shareholders of the Company dated 27 September 2024, the following
special resolution was passed: 

Proposal No. 1 The Extension Amendment Proposal RESOLVED ,
as a special resolution that: 

a) the first sentence of Article 49.7 of SK
 Growth s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association be deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the following new first sentence of Article 49.7: 

In the event that the Company
does not consummate a Business Combination before March 31, 2025, or such earlier date as the Board of Directors may approve in accordance
with the Articles, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company shall: 

b) Article 49.8(a) of SK Growth s Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following new Article 49.8(a): 

to modify the substance or
timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or redeem 100 of the Public Shares
if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination before March 31, 2025, or such earlier date as the Board of Directors may approve
in accordance with the Articles, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles; or 

/s/ Ashley Jervis 

Ashley Jervis 

Corporate Administrator 

for and on behalf of 

Maples Corporate Services Limited 

Dated this 1st day of October 2024 

Filed:
 01-Oct-2024 14:00 EST 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 384533 
 Auth
 Code: G00779124640 

Registrar of Companies 

 Government Administration Building 

 133 Elgin Avenue 

 George Town 

 Grand Cayman 

SK Growth Opportunities Corporation (ROC #384533) (the Company 

TAKE NOTICE that at an extraordinary general meeting of the
shareholders of the Company dated 27 December 2023, the following special resolutions were passed: 

Proposal No. 1 The Extension Amendment Proposal RESOLVED ,
as a special resolution that: 

a) Article 49.7 of SK Growth s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following new first sentence of Article 49.7: 

In the event that the Company
does not consummate a Business Combination within 27 months of the consummation of the IPO, or such earlier date as the Board of Directors
may approve in accordance with the Articles, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company
shall: 

b) Article 49.8(a) of SK Growth s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association be deleted
in its entirety and replaced with the following new Article 49.8(a): 

to modify the substance or
timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or redeem 100 of the Public Shares
if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within 27 months of the consummation of the IPO, or such earlier date as the
Board of Directors may approve in accordance with the Articles, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles;
or 

/s/ Wai Yan Ng 

Wai Yan Ng 

Corporate Administrator 

for and on behalf of 

Maples Corporate Services Limited 

Dated this 27 th day of December 2023 

Filed: 27-Dec-2023 16:29 EST 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 
 Auth Code: D04890191642 

Registrar of Companies 

 Government Administration Building 

 133 Elgin Avenue 

 George Town 

 Grand Cayman 

SK Growth Opportunities Corporation (ROC #384533) (the Company 

TAKE NOTICE that by written resolution
of the shareholders of the Company dated 23 June 2022, the following special resolution was passed: 

It is resolved as a special resolution
that, with effect from the effective time and date of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A as filed with the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission, the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company currently in effect be amended and restated
by the deletion in their entirety and the substitution in their place of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
annexed hereto. 

/s/ Wai Yan Ng 

Wai Yan Ng 

Corporate Administrator 

for and on behalf of 

Maples Corporate Services Limited 

Dated this 28 th day of June 2022 

Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 
 Auth Code: B90775052268 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) 

 OF
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

 COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED 

 MEMORANDUM
AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 

OF

SK
Growth Opportunities Corporation 

 (ADOPTED
BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED JUNE 23, 2022 AND EFFECTIVE ON JUNE 23, 2022) 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) 

 OF
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

 COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED 

 MEMORANDUM
OF ASSOCIATION 

 OF

SK
Growth Opportunities Corporation 

 (ADOPTED
BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED JUNE 23, 2022 AND EFFECTIVE ON JUNE 23, 2022) 

1 
 The name of the Company is SK Growth Opportunities Corporation. 

2 
 The Registered Office of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples
 Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within the Cayman
 Islands as the Directors may decide. 

3 
 The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and
 the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands. 

4 
 The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such
 Member s shares. 

5 
 The share capital of the Company is US 999,999 divided into 9,000,000,000
 Class A ordinary shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each, 999,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US 0.0001
 each and 990,000 preference shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each. 

6 
 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body
 corporate limited by shares under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 

7 
 Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated
 Memorandum of Association bear the respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) 

 OF
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

 COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED 

 ARTICLES
OF ASSOCIATION 

 OF

SK
Growth Opportunities Corporation 

 (ADOPTED
BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED JUNE 23, 2022 AND EFFECTIVE ON JUNE 23, 2022) 

1 
 Interpretation 

1.1 
 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not
 apply and, unless there is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith: 

Affiliate 
 
 in respect of a person, means any other person
 that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such
 person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such person s spouse, parents, children,
 siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing
 in such person s home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity
 wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation
 or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or
 is under common control with, such entity. 

Applicable Law 
 
 means, with respect to any person, all provisions
 of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental
 authority applicable to such person. 

Articles 
 
 means these amended and restated articles of
 association of the Company. 

Audit Committee 
 
 means the audit committee of the board of directors
 of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 

Auditor 
 
 means the person for the time being performing
 the duties of auditor of the Company (if any). 

Business Combination 
 
 means a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
 share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the
 target business ), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed on
 the Nasdaq Global Market, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least
 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned
 on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must
 not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

business day 
 
 means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday
 or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York
 City. 

Clearing House 
 
 means a clearing house recognised by the laws
 of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer
 quotation system in such jurisdiction. 

Class A Share 
 
 means a Class A ordinary share of a par
 value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. 

Class B Share 
 
 means a Class B ordinary share of a par
 value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. 

Company 
 
 means the above named company. 

Company s Website 
 
 means the website of the Company and/or its web-address
 or domain name (if any). 

Compensation Committee 
 
 means the compensation committee of the board
 of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 

Designated Stock Exchange 
 
 means any United States national securities exchange
 on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including the Nasdaq Global Market. 

Directors 
 
 means the directors for the time being of the
 Company. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 2 

Dividend 
 
 means any dividend (whether interim or final)
 resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles. 

Electronic Communication 
 
 means a communication sent by electronic means,
 including electronic posting to the Company s Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the
 website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the
 Directors. 

Electronic Record 
 
 has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions
 Act. 

Electronic Transactions Act 
 
 means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised)
 of the Cayman Islands. 

Equity-linked Securities 
 
 means any debt or equity securities that are convertible,
 exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination,
 including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. 

Exchange Act 
 
 means the United States Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. 

Founders 
 
 means all Members immediately prior to the consummation
 of the IPO. 

Independent Director 
 
 has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations
 of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be. 

IPO 
 
 means the Company s initial public offering
 of securities. 

Member 
 
 has the same meaning as in the Statute. 

Memorandum 
 
 means the amended and restated memorandum of association
 of the Company. 

Nominating Committee 
 
 means the nominating committee of the board of
 directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 

Officer 
 
 means a person appointed to hold an office in
 the Company. 

Ordinary Resolution 
 
 means a resolution passed by a simple majority
 of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes
 a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which
 each Member is entitled by the Articles. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 3 

Over-Allotment Option 
 
 means the option of the Underwriters to purchase
 up to an additional 15 of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US 10 per unit, less
 underwriting discounts and commissions. 

Preference Share 
 
 means a preference share of a par value of US 0.0001
 in the share capital of the Company. 

Public Share 
 
 means a Class A Share issued as part of the
 units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO. 

Redemption Notice 
 
 means a notice in a form approved by the Company
 by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained
 therein. 

Register of Members 
 
 means the register of Members maintained in accordance
 with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members. 

Registered Office 
 
 means the registered office for the time being
 of the Company. 

Representative 
 
 means a representative of the Underwriters. 

Seal 
 
 means the common seal of the Company and includes
 every duplicate seal. 

Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 means the United States Securities and Exchange
 Commission. 

Share 
 
 means a Class A Share, a Class B Share
 or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company. 

Special Resolution 
 
 has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes
 a unanimous written resolution. 

Sponsor 
 
 means Auxo Capital Managers LLC, a Delaware limited
 liability company, and its successors or assigns. 

Statute 
 
 means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman
 Islands. 

Tax Filing Authorised Person 
 
 means such person as any Director shall designate
 from time to time, acting severally. 

Treasury Share 
 
 means a Share held in the name of the Company
 as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 4 

Trust Account 
 
 means the trust account established by the Company
 upon the consummation of the IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of
 the proceeds of (a) a private placement of warrants; and (b) overfunding loans from the Sponsor, simultaneously with the
 closing date of the IPO, will be deposited. 

Underwriter 
 
 means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time
 and any successor underwriter. 

1.2 
 In the Articles: 

(a) 
 words importing the singular number include the
 plural number and vice versa; 

(b) 
 words importing the masculine gender include the
 feminine gender; 

(c) 
 words importing persons include corporations as
 well as any other legal or natural person; 

(d) 
 written and in writing 
 include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record; 

(e) 
 shall shall be construed as imperative
 and may shall be construed as permissive; 

(f) 
 references to provisions of any law or regulation
 shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced; 

(g) 
 any phrase introduced by the terms including ,
 include , in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the
 sense of the words preceding those terms; 

(h) 
 the term and/or is used to mean both
 and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies
 the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive
 and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires); 

(i) 
 headings are inserted for reference only and shall
 be ignored in construing the Articles; 

(j) 
 any requirements as to delivery under the Articles
 include delivery in the form of an Electronic Record; 

(k) 
 any requirements as to execution or signature
 under the Articles including the execution of the Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as
 defined in the Electronic Transactions Act; 

(l) 
 sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions
 Act shall not apply; 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 5 

(m) 
 the term clear days in relation to
 the period of a notice means that period excluding the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which
 it is given or on which it is to take effect; and 

(n) 
 the term holder in relation to a Share
 means a person whose name is entered in the Register of Members as the holder of such Share. 

2 
 Commencement of Business 

2.1 
 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation
 of the Company as the Directors shall see fit. 

2.2 
 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the
 Company, all expenses incurred in or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration. 

3 
 Issue of Shares and other Securities 

3.1 
 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction
 that may be given by the Company in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
 the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without
 prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose
 of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard
 to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other
 terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors shall
 not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect
 the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Ordinary Share Conversion set out in the Articles. 

3.2 
 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities
 or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of
 Shares or other securities in the Company on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. 

3.3 
 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may
 be comprised of whole or fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring
 the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company,
 upon such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant
 to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO
 unless the Representative(s) determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report
 on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior
 to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one another. 

3.4 
 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 6 

4 
 Register of Members 

4.1 
 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of
 Members in accordance with the Statute. 

4.2 
 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or
 more branch registers of Members in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall
 constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from
 time to time. 

5 
 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date 

5.1 
 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to
 vote at any meeting of Members or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
 or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, after notice has been given by advertisement
 in an appointed newspaper or any other newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated
 Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
 Law, provide that the Register of Members shall be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty
 days. 

5.2 
 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors
 may fix in advance or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at
 any meeting of the Members or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment
 of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose. 

5.3 
 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed
 for the determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment
 of a Dividend or other distribution, the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors
 resolving to pay such Dividend or other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination
 of Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article,
 such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof. 

6 
 Certificates for Shares 

6.1 
 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors
 resolve that share certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors
 may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors
 may authorise certificates to be issued with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares
 shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered
 to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former
 certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and cancelled. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 7 

6.2 
 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for
 Shares held jointly by more than one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all
 of them. 

6.3 
 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it
 may be renewed on such terms (if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the
 Company in investigating evidence, as the Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of
 the old certificate. 

6.4 
 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be
 sent at the risk of the Member or other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate
 lost or delayed in the course of delivery. 

6.5 
 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as
 prescribed by the Statute, if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever
 is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse
 to register and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with the Company. 

7 
 Transfer of Shares 

7.1 
 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or
 any of their Shares by an instrument of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated
 Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
 Law. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options, warrants or units issued pursuant to the Articles
 on terms that one cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share
 without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such right, option, warrant or unit. 

7.2 
 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the
 usual or common form or in a form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the
 Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the
 transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine
 imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be
 deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members. 

8 
 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares 

8.1 
 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the
 rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
 authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at
 the option of the Member or the Company. The redemption of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and
 upon such other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution, determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming
 or repurchasing the Shares: 

(a) 
 Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to
 request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in the Business Combination Article hereof; 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 8 

(b) 
 Class B Shares held by the Sponsor shall
 be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that
 the Sponsor will own 20 of the Company s issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement
 simultaneously with the IPO); and 

(c) 
 Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender
 offer in the circumstances set out in the Business Combination Article hereof. 

8.2 
 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the
 rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
 authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner
 and on such other terms as the Directors may agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases
 and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members. 

8.3 
 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase
 of its own Shares in any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital. 

8.4 
 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any
 fully paid Share. 

9 
 Treasury Shares 

9.1 
 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of
 any Share, determine that such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share. 

9.2 
 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer
 a Treasury Share on such terms as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration). 

10 
 Variation of Rights of Shares 

10.1 
 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company
 is divided into different classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms
 of issue of the Shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders
 of the issued Shares of that class where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect upon
 such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two thirds
 of the issued Shares of that class (other than with respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Class B Ordinary Share Conversion
 Article hereof, which as stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued Shares
 of that class), or with the approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two thirds of the votes cast at a separate
 meeting of the holders of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding
 that any such variation may not have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class.
 To any such meeting all the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis , except that
 the necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at least one-third of the issued Shares of the class and
 that any holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 9 

10.2 
 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat
 two or more or all the classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would
 be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares. 

10.3 
 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued
 with preferred or other rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class,
 be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or
 other rights. 

11 
 Commission on Sale of Shares 

The
Company may, in so far as the Statute permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of that person subscribing or agreeing
to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally) or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally)
for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company
may also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful. 

12 
 Non Recognition of Trusts 

The
Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial
interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share
other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder. 

13 
 Lien on Shares 

13.1 
 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether
 fully paid-up or not) registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities or engagements
 to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such Member or their estate, either alone or jointly with any other
 person, whether a Member or not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions
 of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Company s lien thereon. The
 Company s lien on a Share shall also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share. 

13.2 
 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any
 Shares on which the Company has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within
 14 clear days after notice has been received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled
 to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with
 the Shares may be sold. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 10 

13.3 
 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person
 to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser
 or their nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and they shall not be bound to see
 to the application of the purchase money, nor shall their title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the
 sale or the exercise of the Company s power of sale under the Articles. 

13.4 
 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied
 in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject
 to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares
 at the date of the sale. 

14 
 Call on Shares 

14.1 
 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the
 Directors may make calls upon the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium),
 and each Member shall (subject to receiving at least 14 clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the
 Company at the time or times so specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part,
 as the Directors may determine. A call may be required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain
 liable for calls made upon them notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made. 

14.2 
 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution
 of the Directors authorising such call was passed. 

14.3 
 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable
 to pay all calls in respect thereof. 

14.4 
 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person
 from whom it is due shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate
 as the Directors may determine (and in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment),
 but the Directors may waive payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part. 

14.5 
 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at
 any fixed date, whether on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it
 is not paid all the provisions of the Articles shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call. 

14.6 
 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount
 and times of payment of calls, or the interest to be paid. 

14.7 
 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member
 willing to advance all or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by that Member, and may (until the amount
 would otherwise become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such
 amount in advance. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 11 

14.8 
 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying
 such amount to any portion of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such
 amount would, but for such payment, become payable. 

15 
 Forfeiture of Shares 

15.1 
 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become
 due and payable the Directors may give to the person from whom it is due not less than 14 clear days notice requiring payment
 of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such
 non-payment. The notice shall specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares
 in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited. 

15.2 
 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it
 was given may, before the payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture
 shall include all Dividends, other distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the
 forfeiture. 

15.3 
 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of
 on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture
 may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred
 to any person the Directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person. 

15.4 
 A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be
 a Member in respect of them and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall
 remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture were payable by that person to the Company in respect
 of those Shares together with interest at such rate as the Directors may determine, but that person s liability shall cease
 if and when the Company shall have received payment in full of all monies due and payable by them in respect of those Shares. 

15.5 
 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer
 that a Share has been forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons
 claiming to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a
 good title to the Share and the person to whom the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application
 of the purchase money, if any, nor shall their title to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings
 in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the Share. 

15.6 
 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the
 case of non payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the
 par value of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 

16 
 Transmission of Shares 

16.1 
 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where they were a joint
 holder), or their legal personal representatives (where they were a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the Company
 as having any title to the deceased Member s Shares. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby released from any liability
 in respect of any Share, for which the Member was a joint or sole holder. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 12 

16.2 
 Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death
 or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced
 as may be required by the Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by that person to the Company, either to become the holder
 of such Share or to have some person nominated by them registered as the holder of such Share. If they elect to have another person
 registered as the holder of such Share they shall sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall,
 in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share
 by the relevant Member before their death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution, as the case may be. 

16.3 
 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy
 or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other
 distributions and other advantages to which they would be entitled if they were the holder of such Share. However, they shall not,
 before becoming a Member in respect of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation
 to general meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be
 registered or to have some person nominated by them registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case,
 have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant
 Member before their death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If
 the notice is not complied with within 90 days of being received or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles),
 the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of
 the Share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with. 

17 
 Class B Ordinary Share Conversion 

17.1 
 The rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares
 shall rank pari passu in all respects, and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single
 class on all matters (subject to the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof) with the exception that the holder of a Class B
 Share shall have the conversion rights referred to in this Article. 

17.2 
 Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares
 on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio ): (a) at any time and from time to time at the option of
 the holders thereof; or (b) automatically on the day of the consummation of a Business Combination. 

17.3 
 Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional
 Class A Shares or any other Equity-linked Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, by the Company in excess of the amounts
 offered in the IPO and related to the consummation of a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically
 convert into Class A Shares at the time of the consummation of a Business Combination at a ratio for which the Class B
 Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the Class B Shares in issue
 agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A
 Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, in the aggregate, 20 of the sum
 of all Class A Shares and Class B Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO plus all Class A Shares issued or deemed
 issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any Equity-linked Securities or rights issued or deemed issued in connection with
 or in relation to a Business Combination, excluding any Class A Shares or Equity-linked Securities exercisable for or convertible
 into Class A Shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement
 warrants issued to the Sponsor, its Affiliates or Management (as defined below) upon conversion of working capital and extension
 loans made to the Company and any Class A Shares issued to our Sponsor upon conversion of the overfunding loans. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 13 

17.4 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing
 adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A
 Shares or Equity-linked Securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in
 issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate class in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof. 

17.5 
 The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for
 any subdivision (by share subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or
 combination (by share consolidation, exchange, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation
 of the Class A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original filing of the Articles
 without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B
 Shares in issue. 

17.6 
 Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A
 Shares pursuant to this Article. The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B
 Share shall convert into such number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator
 of which shall be the total number of Class A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant
 to this Article and the denominator of which shall be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion. 

17.7 
 References in this Article to converted , conversion 
 or exchange shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of
 such Members, automatic application of such redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B
 Shares have been converted or exchanged at a price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated
 on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A
 Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may
 direct. 

17.8 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event
 may any Class B Share convert into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. 

17A 
 Issuance of Class A Shares in connection with Conversion of
 Overfunding Loans 

References
in these Articles to conversion of the overfunding loan(s) shall mean the extinguishment or cancellation of the overfunding loan(s) in
exchange for the issuance by the Company of Class A Shares as described in the prospectus relating to the IPO. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 14 

18 
 Amendments of Memorandum and Articles of Association and Alteration
 of Capital 

18.1 
 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution: 

(a) 
 increase its share capital by such sum as the
 Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights, priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting
 may determine; 

(b) 
 consolidate and divide all or any of its share
 capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares; 

(c) 
 convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into
 stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares of any denomination; 

(d) 
 by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of
 them divide the whole or any part of its share capital into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares
 without par value; and 

(e) 
 cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing
 of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by
 the amount of the Shares so cancelled. 

18.2 
 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding
 Article shall be subject to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer, transmission,
 forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital. 

18.3 
 Subject to the provisions of the Statute and the provisions of the
 Articles as regards the matters to be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution, the Company may by Special Resolution: 

(a) 
 change its name; 

(b) 
 alter or add to the Articles; 

(c) 
 alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to
 any objects, powers or other matters specified therein; and 

(d) 
 reduce its share capital or any capital redemption
 reserve fund. 

19 
 Offices and Places of Business 

Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company
may, in addition to its Registered Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine. 

20 
 General Meetings 

20.1 
 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called
 extraordinary general meetings. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 15 

20.2 
 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute) be
 obliged to, in each year hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices
 calling it. Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the
 report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented. 

20.3 
 The Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairperson of the
 board of Directors may call general meetings, and, for the avoidance of doubt, Members shall not have the ability to call general
 meetings. 

20.4 
 Members seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting
 or to nominate candidates for appointment as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive
 offices of the Company not less than 120 calendar days before the date of the Company s proxy statement released to Members
 in connection with the previous year s annual general meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual general meeting the
 previous year, or if the date of the current year s annual general meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date
 of the previous year s annual general meeting, then the deadline shall be set by the board of Directors with such deadline being
 a reasonable time before the Company begins to print and send its related proxy materials. 

21 
 Notice of General Meetings 

21.1 
 At least five clear days notice shall be given of any general
 meeting. Every notice shall specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be conducted
 at the general meeting and shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed
 by the Company, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been
 given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been
 duly convened if it is so agreed: 

(a) 
 in the case of an annual general meeting, by all
 of the Members entitled to attend and vote at the meeting; and 

(b) 
 in the case of an extraordinary general meeting,
 by a majority in number of the Members having a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than 95 in par
 value of the Shares giving that right. 

21.2 
 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or
 the non receipt of notice of a general meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings
 of that general meeting. 

22 
 Proceedings at General Meetings 

22.1 
 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum
 is present. The holders of one-third of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural
 person by its duly authorised representative or proxy shall be a quorum. 

22.2 
 A person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone
 or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other.
 Participation by a person in a general meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 16 

22.3 
 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or
 more counterparts) signed by or on behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and
 vote at general meetings (or, being corporations or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall
 be as valid and effective as if the resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held. 

22.4 
 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed
 for the meeting to commence, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or
 to such other day, time and/or place as the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within
 half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum. 

22.5 
 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the
 meeting to commence, appoint any person to act as chairperson of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make
 any such appointment, the chairperson, if any, of the board of Directors shall preside as chairperson at such general meeting. If
 there is no such chairperson, or if the person shall not be present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to
 commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect one of their number to be chairperson of the meeting. 

22.6 
 If no Director is willing to act as chairperson or if no Director is
 present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number
 to be chairperson of the meeting. 

22.7 
 The chairperson may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum
 is present (and shall if so directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business
 shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took
 place. 

22.8 
 When a general meeting is adjourned for 30 days or more, notice of
 the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such
 notice of an adjourned meeting. 

22.9 
 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect
 of a general meeting and the Directors, in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason
 to hold that general meeting at the place, the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors
 may postpone the general meeting to another place, day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the
 rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members. No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than
 the business specified in the notice of the original meeting. 

22.10 
 When a general meeting is postponed for thirty days or more, notice
 of the postponed meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such
 notice of a postponed meeting. All proxy forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The
 Directors may postpone a general meeting which has already been postponed. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 17 

22.11 
 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll. 

22.12 
 A poll shall be taken as the chairperson directs, and the result of
 the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded. 

22.13 
 A poll demanded on the election of a chairperson or on a question of
 adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairperson
 of the general meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may
 proceed pending the taking of the poll. 

22.14 
 In the case of an equality of votes the chairperson shall be entitled
 to a second or casting vote. 

23 
 Votes of Members 

23.1 
 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including
 as set out at Article 29.4, every Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which they are the holder. 

23.2 
 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders
 a vote, whether in person or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative
 or proxy), shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order
 in which the names of the holders stand in the Register of Members. 

23.3 
 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made
 by any court, having jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote by their committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Member s
 behalf appointed by that court, and any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy. 

23.4 
 No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless they
 are registered as a Member on the record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by them in respect
 of Shares have been paid. 

23.5 
 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except
 at the general meeting or adjourned general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed
 at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairperson
 whose decision shall be final and conclusive. 

23.6 
 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of
 a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy
 or the same proxy under one or more instruments to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the
 instrument of proxy shall specify the number of Shares in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes. 

23.7 
 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect
 of their Shares in the same way on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against
 a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing
 the proxy, a proxy appointed under one or more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which they
 are appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which
 they are appointed. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 18 

24 
 Proxies 

24.1 
 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be
 executed under the hand of the appointor or of their attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or
 other non natural person, under the hand of its duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member. 

24.2 
 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned
 meeting, or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall
 be deposited and the place and the time (being not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned
 meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction
 from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company,
 the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed
 for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote. 

24.3 
 The chairperson may in any event at their discretion declare that an
 instrument of proxy shall be deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted,
 or which has not been declared to have been duly deposited by the chairperson, shall be invalid. 

24.4 
 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form
 (or such other form as the Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof
 or generally until revoked. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in
 demanding a poll. 

24.5 
 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy
 shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under
 which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such
 death, insanity, revocation or transfer was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general
 meeting, or adjourned meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy. 

25 
 Corporate Members 

25.1 
 Any corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in
 accordance with its constitutional documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing
 body, authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members,
 and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which they represent as the
 corporation could exercise if it were an individual Member. 

25.2 
 If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a
 Member, it may authorise such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting
 of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such
 representative is so authorised. Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly
 authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing
 House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)). 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 19 

26 
 Shares that May Not be Voted 

Shares
in the Company that are beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be
counted in determining the total number of outstanding Shares at any given time. 

27 
 Directors 

27.1 
 There shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than one
 person provided however that the Company may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in the number of Directors. 

27.2 
 The Directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II
 and Class III. The number of Directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Upon the adoption of the Articles,
 the existing Directors shall by resolution classify themselves as Class I, Class II or Class III Directors. The Class I
 Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s first annual general meeting, the Class II Directors
 shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s second annual general meeting and the Class III Directors shall
 stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s third annual general meeting. Commencing at the Company s first annual
 general meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter, Directors appointed to succeed those Directors whose terms expire
 shall be appointed for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their appointment. Except
 as the Statute or other Applicable Law may otherwise require, in the interim between annual general meetings or extraordinary general
 meetings called for the appointment of Directors and/or the removal of one or more Directors and the filling of any vacancy in that
 connection, additional Directors and any vacancies in the board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal
 of Directors for cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors then in office, although less than a quorum
 (as defined in the Articles), or by the sole remaining Director. All Directors shall hold office until the expiration of their respective
 terms of office and until their successors shall have been appointed and qualified. A Director appointed to fill a vacancy resulting
 from the death, resignation or removal of a Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the Director whose death,
 resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until their successor shall have been appointed and qualified. 

28 
 Powers of Directors 

28.1 
 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles
 and to any directions given by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise
 all the powers of the Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of
 the Directors which would have been valid if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened
 meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 20 

28.2 
 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other
 negotiable or transferable instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed
 or otherwise executed as the case may be in such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution. 

28.3 
 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension
 or allowance on retirement to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to their
 surviving spouse, civil partner or dependants and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision
 of any such gratuity, pension or allowance. 

28.4 
 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow
 money and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof
 and to issue debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt,
 liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party. 

29 
 Appointment and Removal of Directors 

29.1 
 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director
 or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director. 

29.2 
 The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill
 a vacancy or as an additional Director provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number
 fixed by or in accordance with the Articles as the maximum number of Directors. 

30 
 Vacation of Office of Director 

The
office of a Director shall be vacated if: 

(a) 
 the Director gives notice in writing to the Company
 that they resign the office of Director; or 

(b) 
 the Director is absent (for the avoidance of doubt,
 without being represented by proxy) from three consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from
 the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution that they have by reason of such absence vacated office; or 

(c) 
 the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any
 arrangement or composition with their creditors generally; or 

(d) 
 the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound
 mind; or 

(e) 
 all of the other Directors (being not less than
 two in number) determine that the Director should be removed as a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors
 at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all
 of the other Directors. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 21 

31 
 Proceedings of Directors 

31.1 
 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may
 be fixed by the Directors, and unless so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office. 

31.2 
 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate
 their proceedings as they think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an
 equality of votes, the chairperson shall have a second or casting vote. 

31.3 
 A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee
 of Directors by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting
 can communicate with each other at the same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in
 person at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the
 chairperson is located at the start of the meeting. 

31.4 
 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all
 the Directors or all the members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal
 of any Director or the vacation of office by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such
 resolution shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the
 case may be, duly convened and held. 

31.5 
 A Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director shall,
 call a meeting of the Directors by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set forth the general
 nature of the business to be considered unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held.
 To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company
 to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis. 

31.6 
 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case
 may be) may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by
 or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of
 increasing the number of Directors to be equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no
 other purpose. 

31.7 
 The Directors may elect a chairperson of their board and determine
 the period for which they are to hold office; but if no such chairperson is elected, or if at any meeting the chairperson is not
 present within five minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number
 to be chairperson of the meeting. 

31.8 
 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of
 the Directors shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director,
 and/or that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid
 as if every such person had been duly appointed and/or not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or
 had been entitled to vote, as the case may be. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 22 

31.9 
 A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors
 by a proxy appointed in writing by that Director. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all
 purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing Director. 

32 
 Presumption of Assent 

A
Director who is present at a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have
assented to the action taken unless their dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless they shall file their written
dissent from such action with the person acting as the chairperson or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall
forward such dissent by registered post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall
not apply to a Director who voted in favour of such action. 

33 
 Directors Interests 

33.1 
 A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company
 (other than the office of Auditor) in conjunction with their office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration
 and otherwise as the Directors may determine. 

33.2 
 A Director may act on their own or by, through or on behalf of their
 firm in a professional capacity for the Company and they or their firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services
 as if they were not a Director. 

33.3 
 A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise
 interested in any company promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting party
 or otherwise, and no such Director shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by them as
 a director or officer of, or from their interest in, such other company. 

33.4 
 No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented
 by such office from contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract
 or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to
 be avoided, nor shall any Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised
 by or arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship
 thereby established. A Director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which they are interested
 provided that the nature of the interest of any Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by them at or prior
 to its consideration and any vote thereon. 

33.5 
 A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer
 or employee of any specified firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company shall
 be sufficient disclosure for the purposes of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which they have an
 interest, and after such general notice it shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 23 

34 
 Minutes 

The
Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors,
all proceedings at meetings of the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors,
including the names of the Directors present at each meeting. 

35 
 Delegation of Directors Powers 

35.1 
 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions,
 including the power to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation, the Audit
 Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the
 Directors may impose and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked
 or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the
 Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying. 

35.2 
 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies
 or appoint any person to be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member
 of such committees, local boards or agencies. Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose,
 and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors.
 Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating
 the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying. 

35.3 
 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees. Each
 of these committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles
 and shall have such powers as the Directors may delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of
 the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise
 under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee, if established, shall
 consist of such number of Directors as the Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number as may be required
 from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any
 other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated
 Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee shall be made up of such number of Independent
 Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. 

35.4 
 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person
 to be the agent of the Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion
 of their own powers and may be revoked by the Directors at any time. 

35.5 
 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company,
 firm, person or body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised signatory
 of the Company for such purpose and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by
 the Directors under the Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of
 attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys
 or authorised signatories as the Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate
 all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in them. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 24 

35.6 
 The Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary
 on such terms, at such remuneration and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal
 as the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of their appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution
 of the Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate their office at any time if they give notice in writing to the Company that they
 resign their office. 

36 
 No Minimum Shareholding 

The
Company in general meeting may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding
qualification is fixed a Director is not required to hold Shares. 

37 
 Remuneration of Directors 

37.1 
 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such
 remuneration as the Directors shall determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the Company prior
 to the consummation of a Business Combination. The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business
 Combination, be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance
 at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of any
 class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their
 duties as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination
 partly of one such method and partly the other. 

37.2 
 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to
 any Director for any services which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond that Director s ordinary routine work as a Director.
 Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity
 shall be in addition to their remuneration as a Director. 

38 
 Seal 

38.1 
 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal
 shall only be used by the authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument
 to which the Seal has been affixed shall be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other
 person appointed by the Directors for the purpose. 

38.2 
 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman
 Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors so determine,
 with the addition on its face of the name of every place where it is to be used. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 25 

38.3 
 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may
 without further authority of the Directors affix the Seal over their signature alone to any document of the Company required to be
 authenticated by them under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever. 

39 
 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve 

39.1 
 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided
 by the rights attached to any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise
 payment of the Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be
 deemed to be an interim Dividend unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend
 specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the
 realised or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law. 

39.2 
 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares,
 all Dividends and other distributions shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is
 issued on terms providing that it shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly. 

39.3 
 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable
 to any Member all sums of money (if any) then payable by the Member to the Company on account of calls or otherwise. 

39.4 
 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be
 paid wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares,
 debentures, or securities of any other company or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such
 distribution, the Directors may settle the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix
 the value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any
 Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in
 trustees in such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors. 

39.5 
 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares,
 Dividends and other distributions may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency
 conversions that may be required and how any costs involved are to be met. 

39.6 
 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution,
 set aside such sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable
 for any purpose of the Company and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business
 of the Company. 

39.7 
 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable
 in cash in respect of Shares may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to
 the registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named
 on the Register of Members or to such person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such
 cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give
 effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions, bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them
 as joint holders. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 26 

39.8 
 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company. 

39.9 
 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member
 and/or which remains unclaimed after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may, in
 the discretion of the Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Company s name, provided that the Company shall not
 be constituted as a trustee in respect of that account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member.
 Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other
 distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company. 

40 
 Capitalisation 

The
Directors may at any time capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Company s reserve accounts or funds (including
the share premium account and capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise
available for distribution; appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such
Members had the same been a distribution of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying
up in full unissued Shares for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid.
In such event the Directors shall do all acts and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the
Directors to make such provisions as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby
the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person
to enter on behalf of all of the Members interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters
incidental or relating thereto and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the
Company. 

41 
 Books of Account 

41.1 
 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where
 applicable, material underlying documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received
 and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of
 goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of
 five years from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books
 of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the Company s affairs and to explain its transactions. 

41.2 
 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what
 times and places and under what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the
 inspection of Members not being Directors and no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or
 book or document of the Company except as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 27 

41.3 
 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company
 in general meeting profit and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts as may be
 required by law. 

42 
 Audit 

42.1 
 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold
 office on such terms as the Directors determine. 

42.2 
 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any
 other committee, if the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required
 by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
 regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee
 of the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written
 charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations
 of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise
 under Applicable Law. 

42.3 
 If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted
 on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing
 basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest. 

42.4 
 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee
 (if one exists). 

42.5 
 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of
 the Auditor, or by their becoming incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when their services are
 required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration of such Auditor. 

42.6 
 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times
 to the books and accounts and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such information
 and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of the duties of the Auditor. 

42.7 
 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the
 accounts of the Company during their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case
 of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting
 following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company,
 and at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members. 

42.8 
 Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists)
 shall require the review and approval of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review
 and approval. 

42.9 
 The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the
 IPO and, if any non-compliance is identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary
 to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise cause compliance with the terms of the IPO. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 28 

42.10 
 At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit
 committee financial expert as determined by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and
 Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The audit committee
 financial expert shall have such past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification
 in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background which results in the individual s financial sophistication. 

43 
 Notices 

43.1 
 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any
 Member either personally or by sending it by courier, post, telex, fax or email to such Member or to such Member s address as
 shown in the Register of Members (or where the notice is given by email by sending it to the email address provided by such Member).
 Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
 the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it on the Company s Website. 

43.2 
 Where a notice is sent by: 

(a) 
 courier; service of the notice shall be deemed
 to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier company, and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including
 Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on which the notice was delivered to the courier; 

(b) 
 post; service of the notice shall be deemed to
 be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and posting a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received
 on the fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice
 was posted; 

(c) 
 telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed
 to be effected by properly addressing and sending such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was
 transmitted; 

(d) 
 email or other Electronic Communication; service
 of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting the email to the email address provided by the intended recipient and
 shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the email
 to be acknowledged by the recipient; and 

(e) 
 placing it on the Company s Website; service
 of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Company s Website. 

43.3 
 A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which
 the Company has been advised are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same
 manner as other notices which are required to be given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title
 of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose
 by the persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might
 have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 29 

43.4 
 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised
 by the Articles to every holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting except
 that in the case of joint holders the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members
 and every person upon whom the ownership of a Share devolves because they are a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy
 of a Member where the Member but for their death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person
 shall be entitled to receive notices of general meetings. 

44 
 Winding Up 

44.1 
 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets
 of the Company in satisfaction of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights
 attaching to any Shares, in a winding up: 

(a) 
 if the assets available for distribution amongst
 the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole of the Company s issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed
 so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them;
 or 

(b) 
 if the assets available for distribution amongst
 the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the Company s issued share capital at the commencement of the
 winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the
 commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable
 to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise. 

44.2 
 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the
 rights attaching to any Shares and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the
 Statute, divide amongst the Members in kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist
 of property of the same kind or not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out
 as between the Members or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of
 such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit,
 but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability. 

45 
 Indemnity and Insurance 

45.1 
 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall
 not include auditors of the Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified Person shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or
 expenses, including legal expenses, whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying
 out their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or
 wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether
 direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect
 or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No person shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default
 under this Article unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 30 

45.2 
 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys 
 fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving
 such Indemnified Person for which indemnity will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the
 Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment
 or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall
 be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with
 respect to such judgment, costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses
 and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest) by the Indemnified Person. 

45.3 
 The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain
 insurance for the benefit of any Director or Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach
 to such person in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation
 to the Company. 

46 
 Financial Year 

Unless
the Directors otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year
of incorporation, shall begin on 1st January in each year. 

47 
 Transfer by Way of Continuation 

If
the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special
Resolution, have the power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman
Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 

48 
 Mergers and Consolidations 

The
Company shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such
terms as the Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution. 

49 
 Business Combination 

49.1 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall
 apply during the period commencing upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation
 of a Business Combination and the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between
 this Article and any other Articles, the provisions of this Article shall prevail. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 31 

49.2 
 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall
 either: 

(a) 
 submit such Business Combination to its Members
 for approval; or 

(b) 
 provide Members with the opportunity to have their
 Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
 on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including
 interest earned on the Trust Account (net of taxes paid or payable, if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares.
 Such obligation to repurchase Shares is subject to the completion of the proposed Business Combination to which it relates. 

49.3 
 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4
 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial
 and other information about such Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct
 any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the
 tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

49.4 
 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business
 Combination pursuant to this Article, in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company
 shall be authorised to consummate such Business Combination. 

49.5 
 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder,
 Officer or Director may, at least two business days prior to any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares
 redeemed for cash, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided for in the related proxy materials (the IPO Redemption ),
 provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of their or any other person with whom they are acting in concert
 or as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares
 may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than 15 of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior consent
 of the Company and provided further that any beneficial holder of Public Shares on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised
 must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem such Public Shares. If
 so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether they are voting for or against such proposed
 Business Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust
 Account (net of taxes paid or payable, if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price being referred
 to herein as the Redemption Price ), but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination is
 approved and in connection with its consummation. 

49.6 
 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the
 Company unless the Directors determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they
 may do in whole or in part). 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 32 

49.7 
 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination
 within 18 months from the consummation of the IPO (or up to 24 months if such date is extended as described in the prospectus relating
 to the IPO), or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company shall: 

(a) 
 cease all operations except for the purpose of
 winding up; 

(b) 
 as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
 than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
 then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of taxes paid or payable,
 if any and up to US 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which
 redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation
 distributions, if any); and 

(c) 
 as promptly as reasonably possible following such
 redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in
 each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law. 

49.8 
 In the event that any amendment is made to the Articles: 

(a) 
 to modify the substance or timing of the Company s
 obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or redeem 100 of the Public Shares if the Company does
 not consummate a Business Combination within 18 months from the consummation of the IPO (or up to 24 months if such date is extended
 as described in the prospectus relating to the IPO), or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles;
 or 

(b) with
 respect to any other provision relating to rights of holders of the Class A Shares,
 each holder of Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall
 be provided with the opportunity up to two business days prior to the vote on such amendment
 to redeem their Public Shares subject to the approval or effectiveness of any such amendment
 at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
 Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of taxes
 paid or payable, if any), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. 

49.9 
 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions
 from the Trust Account only in the event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this
 Article, or a distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares
 have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. 

49.10 
 After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of
 a Business Combination, the Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof
 to: 

(a) 
 receive funds from the Trust Account; or 

(b) 
 vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business
 Combination. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 33 

49.11 
 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such
 Director has a conflict of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such
 interest or conflict to the other Directors. 

49.12 
 As long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq Global
 Market, the Company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the
 assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned
 on the Trust Account) at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination.
 A Business Combination must not be effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

49.13 
 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business
 that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business
 Combination with a target that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of
 Independent Directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly
 renders valuation opinions that such a Business Combination is fair to the Members from a financial point of view. 

50 
 Certain Tax Filings 

Each
Tax Filing Authorised Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any Director shall designate from time to time, are authorised
to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are customary to file with any US state
or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities in connection with the formation, activities and/or elections
of the Company and such other tax forms as may be approved from time to time by any Director or Officer. The Company further ratifies
and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person or such other person prior to the date of the Articles. 

51 
 Business Opportunities 

51.1 
 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving
 as a Director or an Officer Management shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract,
 to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To
 the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered
 an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the
 one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable
 Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable
 to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact
 that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself or themself, directs such corporate opportunity to another
 person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 34 

51.2 
 Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby renounces
 any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or
 matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who is also
 a member of Management acquires knowledge. 

51.3 
 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related
 to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby
 waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for
 such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted
 in the future and that have been conducted in the past. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 384533 Filed: 28-Jun-2022 09:46 EST Auth Code: A21413790995 35 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea021906301ex31-1_skgrowth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Richard Chin, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 of SK Growth Opportunities Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; and 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Richard Chin 

Richard Chin 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ea021906301ex31-2_skgrowth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Derek Jensen, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of SK Growth Opportunities Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; and 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Derek Jensen 

Derek Jensen 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea021906301ex32-1_skgrowth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Richard Chin, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my
knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SK Growth Opportunities Corporation (the Company for the quarter ended
September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Richard Chin 

Richard Chin 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ea021906301ex32-2_skgrowth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Derek Jensen, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my
knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SK Growth Opportunities Corporation (the Company for the quarter ended
September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company: 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Derek Jensen 

Derek Jensen 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 skgr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 skgr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 skgr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 skgr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 skgr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

