<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1606163_0001628280-24-045297.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10584833</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>165096</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1747616</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3753324</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2509273</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2201496</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-045297.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105161601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-045297
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Limbach Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001606163
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION SPECIAL TRADE CONTRACTORS [1700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36541
		FILM NUMBER:		241427691

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		797 COMMONWEALTH DRIVE
		CITY:			WARRENDALE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15086
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(412) 359-2100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		797 COMMONWEALTH DRIVE
		CITY:			WARRENDALE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15086

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	1347 Capital Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140422

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-045297.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 lmb-20240930.htm
 10-Q

lmb-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 , USA 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 1- - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Part I. 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 Part II. 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 46 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 46 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 46 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 46 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 47 
 Signature 
 48 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including all documents incorporated by reference, contains forward-looking statements regarding Limbach Holdings, Inc. (the Company, Limbach we or our and represents our expectations and beliefs concerning future events. These forward-looking statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements included herein or incorporated herein by reference include or may include, but are not limited to, (and you should read carefully) statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or use or contain words, terms, phrases, or expressions such as achieve, forecast, , plan, propose, strategy, envision, hope, will, continue, potential, expect, believe, anticipate, project, estimate, predict, intend, should, could, may, might, or similar words, terms, phrases or expressions or the negative of any of these terms. Any statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not based upon historical facts are forward-looking statements and represent our best judgment as to what may occur in the future. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the Company management s current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside the control of the Company and its directors, officers and affiliates. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company's views as of any subsequent date. The Company does not undertake any obligations to update, add or to otherwise correct any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events, inaccuracies that become apparent after the date hereof or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the Company's results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include (i) intense competition in our industry; (ii) ineffective management of the size and cost of our operations; (iii) our dependence on a limited number of customers; (iv) unexpected adjustments to our backlog or cancellations of orders in our backlog; (v) cost of overruns under our contracts; (vi) timing of the award and performance of new contracts; (vii) significant costs in excess of the original project scope and contract amount without having an approved change order; (viii) our failure to adequately recover on claims brought by us against contractors, project owners or other project participants for additional contract costs; (ix) risks associated with placing significant decision making powers with our subsidiaries' management; (x) acquisitions, divestitures, and other strategic transactions could fail to achieve financial or strategic objectives, disrupt our ongoing business, and adversely impact our results of operations; (xi) design errors and omissions in connection with Design/Build and Design/Assist contracts; (xii) delays and/or defaults in customer payments; (xiii) unsatisfactory safety performance; (xiv) labor disputes with unions representing our employees; (xv) strikes or work stoppages; (xvi) misconduct by our employees, subcontractors or partners, or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations; (xvii) our dependence on subcontracts and suppliers of equipment and materials; (xviii) price increases in materials; (xix) changes in energy prices; (xx) our inability to identify and contract with qualified Disadvantaged Business Enterprise DBE contractors to perform as subcontractors; (xxi) reputational harm arising from our participation in construction joint ventures; (xxii) any difficulties in the financial and surety markets; (xxiii) our inability to obtain necessary insurance due to difficulties in the insurance markets; (xxiv) our use of the cost-to-cost method of accounting could result in a reduction or reversal of previously recorded revenue or profits; (xxv) impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets; (xxvi) unexpected expenses arising from contractual warranty obligations; (xxvii) increased costs or limited supplies of raw materials and products used in our operations arising from recent and potential changes in U.S. trade policies and retaliatory responses from other countries; (xxviii) rising inflation and/or interest rates, or deterioration of the United States economy and conflicts around the world; (xxix) increased debt service obligations due to our variable rate indebtedness; (xxx) failure to remain in compliance with covenants under our debt and credit agreements or service our indebtedness; (xxxi) our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet all of our existing or potential future debt service obligations; (xxxii) significant expenses and liabilities arising under our obligation to contribute to multiemployer pension plans; (xxxiii) a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the markets in which we operate or that otherwise impacts our facilities or suppliers; (xxxiv) future climate change; (xxxv) market or regulatory responses to climate change; (xxxvi) increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors and customers with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices; (xxxvii) adverse weather conditions, which may harm our business and financial results; (xxxviii) information technology system failures, network disruptions or cyber security breaches, events or attacks; (xxxix) changes to our outsourced software or infrastructure vendors as well as any sudden loss, breach of security, disruption or unexpected data or vendor loss associated with our information technology systems; (xl) changes in laws, regulations or requirements, or a material failure of any of our subsidiaries or us to comply with any of them; (xli) becoming barred from future government contracts due to violations of the applicable rules and regulations; (xlii) costs associated with compliance with environmental, safety and health regulations; (xliii) our failure to comply with immigration laws and labor 

Table of Contents 

regulations; and (xliv) those factors described under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable (net of allowance for credit losses of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Contract assets Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax asset Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Current operating lease liabilities Accounts payable, including retainage Contract liabilities Accrued income taxes Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 par value; shares authorized, issued and , respectively, and and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost shares at both period ends) 
 ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 1 

Table of Contents 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Change in fair value of contingent consideration Amortization of intangibles 
 Total operating expenses Operating income Other (expenses) income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Gain on disposition of property and equipment Loss on early debt extinguishment ) (Loss) gain on change in fair value of interest rate swap ) ) Total other (expenses) income ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net income Earnings Per Share EPS Earnings per common share: Basic 
 Diluted 
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding: Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 2 

Table of Contents 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 
 Number of Shares (in thousands, except share amounts) Common stock Treasury stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost Retained earnings Stockholders equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued related to vested restricted stock units Tax withholding related to vested restricted stock units ) ) Shares issued related to employee stock purchase plan Net income Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued related to vested restricted stock units Net income Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued related to employee stock purchase plan Net income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Number of Shares (in thousands, except share amounts) Common stock Treasury stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost Retained earnings Stockholders equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued related to vested restricted stock units Tax withholding related to vested restricted stock units ) ) Shares issued related to employee stock purchase plan Net income Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued related to the exercise of warrants Net income Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued related to vested restricted stock units Shares issued related to employee stock purchase plan Shares issued related to the exercise of warrants Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 3 

Table of Contents 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands 
 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses Stock-based compensation expense Noncash operating lease expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Deferred income tax provision ) ) Gain on sale of property and equipment ) ) Loss on change in fair value of contingent consideration Loss on early debt extinguishment Gain on change in fair value of interest rate swap ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Contract assets ) Other current assets ) ) Accounts payable, including retainage ) ) Prepaid income taxes Accrued taxes payable ) Contract liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Payment of contingent consideration liability in excess of acquisition-date fair value ) ) Other long-term liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Kent Island Transaction, net of cash acquired ) ACME Transaction, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Advances from joint ventures Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments on A R Wintrust Term Loans ) Proceeds from Wintrust Revolving Loan 
 Payment of contingent consideration liability up to acquisition-date fair value ) ) Payments on finance leases ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) Taxes paid related to net-share settlement of equity awards ) ) Proceeds from contributions to Employee Stock Purchase Plan Net cash used in financing activities ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Noncash investing and financing transactions: Earnout liability associated with the Kent Island Transaction Earnout liability associated with the ACME Transaction Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Right of use assets disposed or adjusted modifying operating lease liabilities ) Right of use assets disposed or adjusted modifying finance lease liabilities ) Interest paid Cash paid for income taxes 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1 
 vertical markets: healthcare, industrial and manufacturing, data centers, life science, higher education, and cultural and entertainment. The Company provides comprehensive facility services with expertise in the management and maintenance of mechanical, electrical, plumbing and controls systems who uniquely combines engineering solutions with field installation expertise to provide custom solutions. The Company has more than team members in offices across the eastern United States and operates primarily in the Eastern and Midwest regions of the United States. 
 segments, (i) Owner Direct Relationships ODR ), in which the Company performs owner direct projects and/or provides maintenance or service primarily on mechanical, plumbing or electrical systems, building controls and specialty contracting projects direct to, or assigned by, building owners or property managers, and (ii) General Contractor Relationships GCR ), in which the Company generally manages new construction or renovation projects that involve primarily mechanical, plumbing, or electrical services awarded to the Company by general contractors or construction managers. This work is primarily performed under fixed price, modified fixed price, and time and material contracts over periods of typically less than . 
 
 Note 2 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Note 3 
 million (the Kent Island Closing Purchase Price ), which was funded by cash on hand. The payment is subject to typical adjustments for working capital. Of the consideration paid to the Kent Island Seller, approximately million was held in escrow for indemnification purposes. The purchase price is subject to customary post-closing adjustments. In addition, the Kent Island Seller may receive up to an aggregate of million in cash, consisting of individual tranches of million pursuant to the terms of the Kent Island Purchase Agreement, if the gross profit of Kent Island equals or exceeds approximately (i) million in the -month period beginning on the Kent Island Effective Date (the First Kent Island Earnout Period or (ii) million in the - 
 6 

Table of Contents 

million of goodwill, which was allocated between the Company's ODR and GCR segments and fully deductible for tax purposes. Such goodwill primarily related to anticipated future earnings. 
 Earnout provision Total Consideration Fair value of assets acquired: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, including retainage Contract assets Property and equipment Intangible assets Amount attributable to assets acquired Fair value of liabilities assumed: Accounts payable, including retainage Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Contract liabilities Amount attributable to liabilities assumed Goodwill 
 As of September 30, 2024, the allocation of the purchase price has not been finalized with respect to the valuation of identifiable intangible assets acquired, the fair value of certain tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, goodwill and tax related matters. A final determination of fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed relating to the acquisition could differ from the preliminary purchase price allocation. The Company expects to finalize the valuation and complete the purchase price allocation as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the Kent Island Effective Date. 
 For working capital items, such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, the carrying value was assumed to represent the fair value of these assets and liabilities due to their current nature. There was no difference between the contract value and fair value of accounts receivable acquired. 
 The estimated fair value of property and equipment, generally consisting of machinery, and equipment, was estimated using the cost approach. Significant unobservable inputs in the estimate of fair value under this approach included management's assumptions about the replacement costs for similar assets, the relative age of the acquired assets and any potential economic or functional obsolescence associated with the acquired assets. As a result, the estimated fair value of the property and equipment represented a Level 3 fair value measurement. 
 As part of the preliminary purchase price allocation, the Company identified certain definite-lived intangible assets associated with customer relationships with third-party customers, acquired backlog and the acquired trade name and trademarks. The fair value of the customer relationships with third-party customers and acquired backlog was determined using the multi-period excess earning method under the income approach. The multi-period excess earnings method is a variation of the discounted cash-flow analysis, which isolates the cash flows that can be associated with a single intangible asset and measures fair value by 
 7 

Table of Contents 

million, million for 2025 and million for each of the next four years. 
 Customer relationships - ODR Customer relationships - GCR Backlog - ODR Backlog - GCR Total 
 The aforementioned contingent Kent Island Earnout Payments are associated with the achievement of specified gross profit milestones. The Company estimated that the fair value of the Kent Island Earnout Payments was approximately million at the date of acquisition, of which million of this balance was included in other long-term liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The Company determined the initial fair value of the Kent Island Earnout Payments based on the Monte Carlo Simulation method, which represented a Level 3 measurement. As of the Effective Date, the Kent Island Earnout Payments associated with the Kent Island Transaction were valued utilizing discount rates of . The discount rate was calculated using the build-up method with a risk-free rate commensurate with the term of the Kent Island Earnout Payments based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity Yield and certain metric risk premiums determined with reference to a long-term risk free rate, a weighted average cost of capital and certain adjustments for operational leverage. Subsequent to the Kent Island Effective Date, the Kent Island Earnout Payments are re-measured at fair value each reporting period. Changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent payments subsequent to the acquisition date are recognized immediately in earnings. 
 ACME Transaction 
 On July 3, 2023 (the ACME Effective Date ), the Company, LFS, ACME, and the owner of ACME (the ACME Seller entered into a Purchase Agreement (the ACME Purchase Agreement pursuant to which LFS purchased all of the outstanding equity interests in ACME from the ACME Seller (the ACME Transaction ). The ACME Transaction closed on the ACME Effective Date. As a result of the ACME Transaction, ACME became a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company. ACME specializes in performing industrial maintenance, capital project work, and emergency services for specialty chemical and manufacturing clients, and is a leading mechanical solutions provider for hydroelectric producers. The acquisition expands the Company s market share within its existing operating footprint, provides further exposure to an attractive customer base and supports the Company's continued ODR growth strategy. 
 Total consideration paid by the Company for the ACME Transaction at closing was million (the ACME Closing Purchase Price ), consisting of cash paid to the ACME Seller, subject to typical adjustments for working capital. Of the consideration paid to the ACME Seller, approximately million was held in escrow for indemnification purposes. The purchase price is subject to customary post-closing adjustments. In addition, the ACME Seller may receive up to an aggregate of million in cash, consisting of individual tranches of million and million pursuant to the terms of the ACME Purchase Agreement, if the gross profit of ACME equals or exceeds (i) million in the -month period beginning on the ACME Effective Date (the First ACME Earnout Period or (ii) million in the -month period beginning on the first anniversary of the ACME Effective Date (the Second ACME Earnout Period and together with the First ACME Earnout Period, the ACME Earnout Payments ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if ACME s Adjusted EBITDA, as defined within the ACME Purchase Agreement, for calendar year 2023 equaled or exceeded million then the Company would have been required to 
 8 

Table of Contents 

million, and the ACME Seller would not have been entitled to any further payment. This particular earnout condition was not met as of December 31, 2023. 
 Industrial Air Transaction 
 On November 1, 2023 (the IA Effective Date ), the Company, LFS, Industrial Air, and the owner of Industrial Air (the IA Seller entered into a Purchase Agreement (the IA Purchase Agreement pursuant to which LFS purchased all of the outstanding equity interests in Industrial Air from the IA Seller (the Industrial Air Transaction ). The Industrial Air Transaction closed on the IA Effective Date. As a result of the Industrial Air Transaction, Industrial Air became a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company. Industrial Air serves industrial customers throughout the Southeast United States and along the Eastern seaboard, focusing on delivering engineered air handling systems, including air conditioning and air filtration, along with controls systems and maintenance work. In addition, Industrial Air manufactures a wide range of components for air conditioning and filtration systems. The Industrial Air Transaction provides the Company with a presence in an attractive and growing geographic market, where the acquired entity has a strong ODR customer base and supports the Company s continued ODR growth strategy. 
 Total consideration paid by the Company for the Industrial Air Transaction at closing was million (the IA Closing Purchase Price ), consisting of cash paid to the IA Seller, subject to typical adjustments for working capital. Of the consideration paid to the IA Seller, approximately million was transferred into an escrow account for indemnification purposes. The purchase price is subject to customary post-closing adjustments. In addition, the IA Seller may receive up to an aggregate of million in cash, consisting of individual tranches of million and million pursuant to the terms of the Industrial Air Purchase Agreement, if the gross profit of Industrial Air equals or exceeds (i) million in the -month period beginning on the IA Effective Date (the First IA Earnout Period or (ii) million in the -month period beginning on the first anniversary of the IA Effective Date (the Second IA Earnout Period and together with the First IA Earnout Period, the IA Earnout Payments ). However, if the gross profit of Industrial Air is less than million but exceeds million during the First IA Earnout Period then the IA Seller would receive a portion of the deferred payment made on a pro rata basis. Similarly, if the gross profit of Industrial Air is less than million but exceeds million during the Second IA Earnout Period then the IA Seller would receive a portion of the deferred payment made on a pro rata basis. 
 
 Note 4 
 . Revenue from fixed price contracts is recognized on the cost-to-cost method, measured by the relationship of total cost incurred to total estimated contract costs. Revenue from time and materials contracts is recognized as services are performed. The Company believes that its extensive experience in mechanical, plumbing, and electrical projects, and its internal cost review procedures during the bidding process, enable it to reasonably estimate costs and mitigate the risk of cost overruns on fixed price contracts. 
 The Company generally invoices customers on a monthly basis, based on a schedule of values that breaks down the contract amount into discrete billing items. Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts are recorded as a contract asset until billable under the contract terms. Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts are recorded as a contract liability until the related revenue is recognizable. The Company classifies contract assets and liabilities that may be settled beyond one year from the balance sheet date as current, consistent with the length of time of the Company s project operating cycle. 
 Contract assets 
 Retainage receivable Total contract assets 
 , pending the completion of certain milestones, satisfaction of other contractual conditions or the completion of the project. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

The current estimated net realizable value on such items as recorded in contract assets and contract liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company currently anticipates that the majority of such amounts will be approved or executed within one year. The resolution of those claims and unapproved change orders that may require litigation or other forms of dispute resolution proceedings may delay the timing of billing beyond one year. 
 Contract liabilities 
 Provisions for losses ) Total contract liabilities 
 Less: Billings to date ) ) Net (overbilling) underbilling ) ) (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts ) ) Net (overbilling) underbilling ) ) 
 Revisions in Contract Estimates 
 10 

Table of Contents 

million or more. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded gross profit write-ups on ODR projects and GCR projects for a total of million and million, respectively, and GCR project gross profit write-down for a total of million that had a net gross profit impact of million or more. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded gross profit write-ups on GCR projects for a total of million, inclusive of a million write-up related to the settlement of a past claim, and GCR project gross profit write-down for million and ODR project gross profit write-down for million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded gross profit write-ups on GCR projects for a total of million, inclusive of a million write-up related to the settlement of a past claim, and GCR project gross profit write-down for million and ODR project gross profit write-down for million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations of the Company's ODR and GCR segment contracts were million and million, respectively. The Company currently estimates that and of its ODR and GCR segment remaining performance obligations as of September 30, 2024, respectively, will be recognized as revenue during the remainder of 2024, with the substantial majority of remaining performance obligations to be recognized within months, although the timing of the Company's performance is not always under its control. 
 
 Note 5 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company tests its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets allocated to its reporting units for impairment annually on October 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets are less than their carrying amount. The Company has the option to assess goodwill for possible impairment by performing a qualitative analysis to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. A quantitative assessment is performed if the qualitative assessments results in a more-likely-than-not determination or if a qualitative assessment is not performed. 
 The Company did recognize any impairment charges on its goodwill or intangible assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 Goodwill associated with the ACME Transaction (1) 
 Goodwill associated with the Industrial Air Transaction Goodwill as of December 31, 2023 Measurement period adjustments - Industrial Air Transaction (2) 
 Goodwill associated with the Kent Island Transaction (3) 
 Goodwill as of September 30, 2024 
 11 

Table of Contents 

million. The acquisition accounting is subject to change as the Company obtains additional information about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date during the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the Kent Island Effective Date. 
 Intangible Assets 
 ) Backlog ) Trade name, trademarks and intellectual property ) Total amortized intangible assets ) Unamortized intangible assets: Trade name Limbach (1) 
 Total unamortized intangible assets Total amortized and unamortized assets, excluding goodwill ) 
 (1) The Company has determined that its trade name has an indefinite useful life. The Limbach trade name has been in existence since the Company s founding in 1901 and therefore is an established brand within the industry. 
 (in thousands) Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization Net intangible assets, excluding goodwill December 31, 2023 
 Amortized intangible assets: Customer relationships ) Backlog ) Trade name, trademarks and intellectual property ) Total amortized intangible assets ) Unamortized intangible assets: Trade name Limbach Total unamortized intangible assets Total amortized and unamortized assets, excluding goodwill ) 
 Total amortization expense for the Company's definite-lived intangible assets was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 6 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Finance leases collateralized by vehicles, payable in monthly installments of principal, plus interest ranging from to through 2031 
 Financing liability Total debt Less - Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Less - Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt 
 Wintrust Term and Revolving Loans 
 On February 24, 2021, LFS, LHLLC and the direct and indirect subsidiaries of LFS from time to time included as parties to the agreement (the Wintrust Guarantors entered into a credit agreement (the Wintrust Credit Agreement by and among LFS, LHLLC, Wintrust Guarantors, the lenders party thereto from time to time, Wheaton Bank Trust Company, N.A., a subsidiary of Wintrust Financial Corporation (collectively, Wintrust ), as administrative agent and L/C issuer, Bank of the West as documentation agent, M T Bank as syndication agent, and Wintrust as lead arranger and sole book runner. 
 In accordance with the terms of the Wintrust Credit Agreement, Lenders provided to LFS (i) a million senior secured term loan (the Wintrust Term Loan and (ii) a million senior secured revolving credit facility with a million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit (the Wintrust Revolving Loan and, together with the Wintrust Term Loan, the Wintrust Loans ). Proceeds of the Wintrust Loans were used to refinance certain existing indebtedness, finance working capital and other general corporate purposes and fund certain fees and expenses associated with the closing of the Wintrust Loans. 
 In conjunction with the Company's acquisitions of JMLLC and CSLLC (the Jake Marshall Transaction ), the Company entered into an amendment and restatement to the Wintrust Credit Agreement (the A R Wintrust Credit Agreement ). In accordance with the terms of the A R Credit Agreement, Lenders provided to LFS (i) a million senior secured term loan (the A R Wintrust Term Loan and (ii) a million senior secured revolving credit facility with a million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit (the A R Wintrust Revolving Loan and, together with the Term Loan, the A R Wintrust Loans ). The overall Wintrust Term Loan commitment under the A R Wintrust Credit Agreement was recast at million in connection with the A R Credit Agreement. A portion of the A R Wintrust Term Loan commitment was used to fund the closing purchase price of the Jake Marshall Transaction. The A R Credit Agreement was also amended to: (i) permit the Company to undertake the Jake Marshall Transaction, (ii) make certain adjustments to the covenants under the A R Credit Agreement (which were largely done to make certain adjustments for the Jake Marshall Transaction), (iii) allow for the Jake Marshall Earnout Payments (as defined in Note 8 under the Jake Marshall Transaction, and (iv) make other corresponding changes to the A R Credit Agreement. 
 On May 5, 2022, the Company, LFS and LHLLC entered into a first amendment and waiver to the A R Wintrust Credit Agreement (the First Amendment to the A R Wintrust Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto and Wintrust, as administrative agent. The First Amendment to the A R Wintrust Credit Agreement modifies certain definitions within the A R Wintrust Credit Agreement, and makes other corresponding changes, including: (i) the definition of EBITDA to allow for the recognition of certain restructuring charges and lease breakage costs not previously specified, (ii) the definition of Excess Cash Flow to exclude the aggregate amount of the Earnout Payments paid in cash, (iii) the definition of Total Funded Debt to exclude certain capitalized lease obligations for real estate based on the approval of each lender and (iv) the definition of Disposition to include a clause for the sale and leaseback of certain real property based on the approval of each lender. 
 In July 2022, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement to manage the risk associated with a portion of its variable-rate long-term debt. The interest rate swap involves the exchange of fixed-rate and variable-rate payments without the exchange of the underlying notional amount on which the interest payments are calculated. The new swap agreement became effective on July 14, 2022 and will terminate on July 31, 2027. The notional amount of the swap agreement is million with a fixed interest rate of . If the one-month SOFR (as defined in the A R Credit Agreement) is above the fixed rate, the counterparty pays the Company, and if the one-month SOFR is less than the fixed rate, the Company pays the counterparty, the difference between the fixed rate of and the one-month SOFR. The Company has not designated this instrument as a hedge for accounting purposes. As a result, the change in fair value of the derivative instrument is recognized directly in earnings on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations as a gain or loss on interest rate swap. Refer to Note 8 for further information regarding this interest rate swap. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

million senior secured revolving credit facility with a million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit, an increase of million over the A R Wintrust Revolving Loan, with a maturity date of February 24, 2028 (the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan ), and (ii) LFS repaid the then outstanding principal balance of the A R Wintrust Term Loan using proceeds of the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan. Prior to the execution of this agreement, the Company repaid million of the then outstanding balance under the A R Term Loan with cash on hand. As a result of the early repayment of the A R Wintrust Term Loan and certain changes to the members of the loan syndicate under the Second A R Wintrust Credit Agreement, the Company wrote off approximately million of unamortized debt issuance costs, which are reported as a loss on early debt extinguishment on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Prior to its repayment on May 5, 2023, the interest rate in effect on the non-hedged portion of the A R Wintrust Term Loan was . For the period from April 1, 2023 through May 5, 2023 and from January 1, 2023 through May 5, 2023, the Company incurred interest on the A R Wintrust Term Loan at a weighted average annual interest rate of and , respectively. 
 The Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan bears interest, at LFS s option, at either the Term SOFR (as defined in the Second A R Credit Agreement) (with a floor) plus or the Prime Rate (as defined in the Second A R Credit Agreement) (with a floor), subject to a basis point step-down based on the ratio between the senior debt of the Company and its subsidiaries to the EBITDA of LFS and its subsidiaries for the most recently ended four fiscal quarters. 
 The Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan is secured by (i) a valid, perfected and enforceable lien of the administrative agent on the ownership interests held by each of LFS and Wintrust Guarantors in their respective subsidiaries; and (ii) a valid, perfected and enforceable lien of the administrative agent on each of LFS and Wintrust Guarantors personal property, fixtures and real estate, subject to certain exceptions and limitations. Additionally, the re-payment of the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan is jointly and severally guaranteed by each Wintrust Guarantor. 
 The Second A R Credit Agreement contains representations and warranties, covenants and events of default that are customary for facilities of this type, as more particularly described in the Second A R Credit Agreement. The Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan also contains financial maintenance covenants, including (i) a requirement to have as of the last day of each quarter for the senior leverage ratio of LFS and its subsidiaries not to exceed an amount beginning at to 1.00, (ii) a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023, and (iii) unfinanced capital expenditures, except for unfinanced capital expenditures in the ordinary course of business not exceeding in the aggregate million during any fiscal year; and no default or event of default (as defined in the Second A R Credit Agreement) has occurred and is continuing, of any portion of this annual limit, if not expended in the fiscal year for which it is permitted, may be carried over for expenditure in the next following fiscal year as stipulated by the agreement. 
 On March 13, 2024, LFS, LHLLC, and other designated parties entered into a first amendment to the Second A R Wintrust Credit Agreement (the First Amendment to the Second A R Wintrust Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto and Wintrust, as administrative agent. The First Amendment to the Second A R Wintrust Credit Agreement makes certain amendments to the Second A R Wintrust Credit Agreement, including: (i) modifying the definition of L/C Sublimit to increase the sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit from million to million, (ii) removing the requirement to deliver a Borrowing Base Certificate if outstanding Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit (as such terms are defined in the Second A R Wintrust Credit Agreement) do not exceed million, and (iii) removing certain financial covenants that restrict the Company s ability to make Unfinanced Capital Expenditures (as defined in the Second A R Wintrust Credit Agreement). 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million in borrowings outstanding under the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the maximum outstanding borrowings under the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan at any time was million and the average daily balance was million. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred interest on the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan at a weighted average annual interest rate of for both periods, inclusive of the net 
 14 

Table of Contents 

million during both periods and the average daily balance was approximately million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred interest on the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan at a weighted average annual interest rate of for both periods, inclusive of the net impact associated with the Company's interest rate swap arrangement. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had irrevocable letters of credit in the amount of million with its lender to secure obligations under its self-insurance program. 
 to 1.00 
 II Less than or equal to to 1.00 
 ) 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all financial maintenance covenants as required by the Second A R Credit Agreement. 
 Sale-Leaseback Financing Transaction 
 On September 29, 2022, LC LLC and Royal Oak Acquisitions, LLC (the Purchaser consummated the purchase of the real property under a sale and leaseback transaction, with an aggregate value of approximately million (a purchase price of approximately million and million in tenant improvement allowances), pursuant to a purchase agreement under which the Purchaser purchased from LC LLC the Company s facility and real property in Pontiac, MI (collectively, the Pontiac Facility ). 
 In connection with the sale and leaseback transaction, LC LLC and Featherstone St Pontiac MI LLC (the Landlord entered into a Lease Agreement (the Lease Agreement ), dated September 29, 2022 (the Lease Effective Date for the Pontiac Facility. Commencing on the Lease Effective Date, pursuant to the Lease Agreement, LC LLC has leased the Pontiac Facility, subject to the terms and conditions of the Lease Agreement. The Lease Agreement provides for a term of years (the Primary Term ). The Lease Agreement also provides LC LLC with the option to extend the Primary Term by separate renewal terms of each (each a Renewal Term ). Under the terms of the Lease Agreement, the Company s annual minimum rent is , payable in monthly installments, subject to annual increases of approximately each year under the Primary Term and for each year under the Renewal Terms, if exercised. LC LLC has a one-time option to terminate the Lease Agreement effective on the last day of the fifteenth lease year by providing written notice to the Landlord as more fully set forth in the Lease Agreement. The one-time termination option of the Lease Agreement would require LC LLC to pay to the Landlord a termination fee of approximately million. 
 Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Lease Agreement, the Landlord has agreed to provide LC LLC with a tenant improvement allowance in an amount up to million. LC LLC is responsible for the initial capital outlay and completion of the agreed upon improvement work. The Landlord will subsequently reimburse LC LLC for such items up to the stated allowance amount. 
 The Company accounted for the sale and leaseback arrangement as a financing transaction in accordance with ASC Topic 842, Leases , as the Lease Agreement was determined to be a finance lease. The Company concluded the Lease Agreement met the qualifications to be classified as a finance lease due to the significance of the present value of the lease payments, using an implicit rate of to reflect the Company s incremental borrowing rate associated with the million purchase price as of the Lease Agreement date, compared to the fair value of the Pontiac Facility. The implicit rate associated with the aggregate purchase value, inclusive of tenant improvement allowances, was as of the Lease Agreement date. 
 The presence of a finance lease indicates that control of the Pontiac Facility has not transferred to the Purchaser and, as such, the transaction was deemed a failed sale-leaseback and must be accounted for as a financing arrangement. As a result of this determination, the Company is viewed as having received the sale proceeds from the Purchaser in the form of a hypothetical loan collateralized by its leased facilities. The hypothetical loan is payable as principal and interest in the form of lease payments to the Purchaser. Principal repayments are recorded as a reduction to the financing liability. The Company will not 
 15 

Table of Contents 

gain or loss was recognized under GAAP related to the sale and leaseback arrangement. 
 million, net of issuance costs, which was recognized within long-term debt on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately million and million of interest expense associated with the financing was recognized, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million of 
 
 Note 7 
 shares of common stock, par value , and shares of preferred stock, par value . 
 Warrants 
 In conjunction with the Company's initial public offering, the Company issued Public Warrants, Private Warrants and Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants. The Company issued certain Merger Warrants and Additional Merger Warrants in conjunction with the Company's business combination with LHLLC in July 2016 (the Business Combination ). On July 20, 2021, the Public Warrants, Private Warrants, and Additional Merger Warrants expired by their terms. During 2023, warrants exercisable for share of common stock at an exercise price of per share Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants and warrants exercisable for share of common stock at an exercise price of per share Merger Warrants were exercised on a cashless basis by the holders of the warrants, which resulted in the warrants being converted into and shares of the Company's common stock, respectively. The remaining unexercised Merger Warrants expired by their terms on July 20, 2023. 
 Incentive Plan 
 Upon the consummation of the Company's Business Combination, the Company adopted an omnibus incentive plan (the Omnibus Incentive Plan pursuant to which equity awards may be granted thereunder. 
 On March 29, 2023, the Board of Directors approved certain amendments to the Company's Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2023 Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company's common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards by , for a total of shares, and extended the term of the plan so that it will expire on the tenth anniversary of the date the stockholders approve the 2023 Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan. The amendments were acted upon by the Company's stockholders at the Annual Meeting held on June 22, 2023. 
 See Note 14 for a discussion of the Company's management incentive plans for restricted stock units RSUs granted, vested, forfeited and remaining unvested. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In September 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program to repurchase shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed million. The share repurchase authority was valid through September 29, 2023. Share repurchases may have been executed through various means, including, without limitation, open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. The Share Repurchase Program did not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the program may have been suspended or terminated by the Company at any time at its discretion without prior notice. Through September 29, 2023, the Company made share repurchases of approximately million under its Share Repurchase Program. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Upon approval of the Company's stockholders on May 30, 2019, the Company adopted the Limbach Holdings, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). On January 1, 2020, the ESPP went into effect. The ESPP enables eligible employees, as defined by the ESPP, the right to purchase the Company's common stock through payroll deductions during consecutive subscription periods at a purchase price of of the fair market value of a share of the Company's common stock at the end of each offering period. Annual purchases by participants are limited to the number of whole shares that can be purchased by an amount equal to percent of the participant's compensation or , whichever is less. Each offering period of the ESPP lasts , commencing on January 1 and July 1 of each year. The amounts collected from participants during a subscription period are used on the exercise date to purchase full shares of common stock. Participants may withdraw from an offering before the exercise date and obtain a refund of amounts withheld through payroll deductions. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

discount applied to the fair market value of common stock, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period during which employees perform related services. Under the ESPP, shares are authorized to be issued. In January 2024 and July 2024, the Company issued and shares of its common stock, respectively, to participants in the ESPP who contributed to the plan during the offering period ending December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, respectively. In January 2023 and July 2023, the Company issued a total of and shares of its common stock, respectively, to participants in the ESPP who contributed to the plan during the offering period ending December 31, 2022 and June 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, shares remain available for future issuance under the ESPP. 
 
 Note 8 
 The Company believes that the carrying amounts of its financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable and accounts payable, consist primarily of instruments without extended maturities, which approximate fair value primarily due to their short-term maturities and low risk of counterparty default. The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of 90 days or less on the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 consisted of overnight repurchase agreements in which cash from the Company's main operating checking account is invested overnight in highly liquid, short term investments and certain investments in money market funds sponsored by a large financial institution. Cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023 consisted of overnight repurchase agreements, short term investments, one U.S. Treasury Bill and certain investments in money market funds. For the three and nine months ending September 30, 2024, the Company recognized interest income in the aggregate of approximately million and million, respectively, associated with its overnight repurchase agreements, U.S. Treasury Bills and money market funds. For the three and nine months ending September 30, 2023, the Company recognized interest income in the aggregate of approximately million and million, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in its cash and cash equivalents and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant credit risk with respect to such accounts. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Money market fund Total December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Cash equivalents: Overnight repurchase agreements U.S. Treasury Bills Money market fund Total 
 Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan 
 The Company also believes that the carrying value of the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan approximates its respective fair value due to the variable rate on such debt. As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined that the fair value of the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan was million. Such fair value was determined using discounted estimated future cash flows using level 3 inputs. 
 Earnout Payments 
 As a part of the total consideration for the Jake Marshall Transaction, the former owners of JMLLC and CSLLC were eligible to receive up to an aggregate of million in cash, consisting of tranches of million, as defined in the purchase agreement, if the gross profit of the acquired companies equals or exceeds million in (i) the approximately -month period from closing through December 31, 2022 (the 2022 Jake Marshall Earnout Period or (ii) fiscal year 2023 (the 2023 Jake Marshall Earnout Period ), respectively (collectively, the Jake Marshall Earnout Payments ). To the extent, however, that the gross profit of the acquired companies was less than million, but exceeds million, during any of the 2022 Jake Marshall Earnout Period or 2023 Jake Marshall Earnout Period, the million amount was to be prorated for such period. The Company initially recognized million in contingent consideration, of which the entire balance was included in other long-term liabilities in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets on December 2, 2021. The fair value of contingent Jake Marshall Earnout Payments is based on generating growth rates on the projected gross margins of the acquired entities and calculating the associated contingent payments based on achieving the earnout targets, which are reassessed each reporting period. In April 2023 and 2024, the Company made separate payments in the amount of million to the former owners of JMLLC and CSLLC related to the 2022 Jake Marshall Earnout Period and the 2023 Jake Marshall Earnout Period, respectively. 
 As a part of the total consideration for the ACME Transaction, the Company recognized million in contingent consideration on the ACME Effective Date. The fair value of contingent ACME Earnout Payments is based on generating growth rates on the projected gross margins of ACME and calculating the associated contingent payments based on achieving the earnout targets, which are reassessed each reporting period. The Company determined the initial fair value of the ACME Earnout Payments based on the Monte Carlo Simulation method, which represented a Level 3 measurement. As of the ACME Effective Date, the ACME Earnout Payments associated with the ACME Transaction were valued utilizing discount rates between and . The discount rates were calculated using the build-up method with a risk-free rate commensurate with the term of the ACME Earnout Payments based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity Yield and certain metric risk premiums determined with reference to a long-term risk free rate, a weighted average cost of capital and certain adjustments for operational leverage. In September 2024, the Company made a payment in the amount of million to the former owner of ACME related to the First ACME Earnout Period. 
 As a part of the total consideration for the Industrial Air Transaction, the Company recognized million in contingent consideration on the IA Effective Date. The fair value of contingent IA Earnout Payments is based on generating growth rates on the projected gross margins of Industrial Air and calculating the associated contingent payments based on achieving the earnout targets, which are reassessed each reporting period. The Company determined the initial fair value of the IA Earnout Payments based on the Monte Carlo Simulation method, which represented a Level 3 measurement. As of the IA Effective Date, the IA Earnout Payments associated with the Industrial Air Transaction were valued utilizing a discount rate of . 
 18 

Table of Contents 

million in contingent consideration on the Kent Island Effective Date. The fair value of contingent Kent Island Earnout Payments is based on generating growth rates on the projected gross margins of Kent Island and calculating the associated contingent payments based on achieving the earnout targets, which are reassessed each reporting period. The Company determined the initial fair value of the Kent Island Earnout Payments based on the Monte Carlo Simulation method, which represented a Level 3 measurement. As of the Kent Island Effective Date, the Kent Island Earnout Payments associated with the Kent Island Transaction were valued utilizing a discount rate of . The discount rate was calculated using the build-up method with a risk-free rate commensurate with the term of the Kent Island Earnout Payments based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity Yield and certain metric risk premiums determined with reference to a long-term risk free rate, a weighted average cost of capital and certain adjustments for operational leverage. 
 Based on the Company s ongoing assessment of the fair value of contingent earnout liabilities, the Company recorded a net increase in the estimated fair value of such liabilities of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which was presented in the change in fair value of contingent consideration in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a net increase in the estimated fair value of such liabilities of million and million, respectively. The Company determined the fair value of the earnout payments by utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation method, which represents a Level 3 measurement. 
 First Kent Island Earnout Period Second ACME Earnout Period Other long-term liabilities: Second IA Earnout Period Second Kent Island Earnout Period Total Fair Value at Reporting Date Using December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities: 2023 Jake Marshall Earnout Period (1) 
 First ACME Earnout Period First IA Earnout Period Other long-term liabilities: Second ACME Earnout Period Second IA Earnout Period Total 
 (1) In April 2024, the Company made a million payment to the former owners of JMLLC and CSLLC related to the 2023 Jake Marshall Earnout Period. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

million and is recognized in other assets on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a loss of million and million, respectively, on its condensed consolidated statements of operations associated with the change in fair value of the interest rate swap arrangement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a gain of approximately million and million, respectively, on its condensed consolidated statements of operations associated with the change in fair value of the interest rate swap arrangement. 
 
 Note 9 
 EPS denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding basic 
 Impact of dilutive securities Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 
 EPS: Basic 
 Diluted 
 Performance based RSUs Employee Stock Purchase Plan Total 
 
 Note 10 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Income tax rate 
 The U.S. federal statutory tax rate was 21 for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and the Company s effective tax rate period-over-period was primarily due to state income taxes, tax credits, other permanent adjustments and discrete tax items. In particular, the Company s effective rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were materially impacted by excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation recognized discretely during the first quarter of each year. This benefit reduced the effective tax rate by and for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively, with the impact varying in prior years. The increase in the 2024 effective rate reduction is primarily related to the higher stock price of the Company resulting in increased tax deductions for the Company upon vesting of its equity incentive awards. 
 valuation allowance was required as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Note 11 
 segments, (i) ODR, in which the Company provides maintenance or service primarily on mechanical, plumbing or electrical systems, building controls and specialty contracting projects direct to, or assigned by, building owners or property managers, and (ii) GCR, in which the Company generally manages new construction or renovation projects that involve primarily mechanical, plumbing, or electrical services awarded to the Company by general contractors or construction managers. These segments are reflective of how the Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM reviews operating results for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. The Company's CODM is comprised of its President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 280 Segment Reporting , the Company has elected to aggregate all of the ODR work performed at branches into ODR reportable segment and all of the GCR work performed at branches into GCR reportable segment. All transactions between segments are eliminated in consolidation. 
 All of the Company s identifiable assets are located in the United States, which is where the Company is domiciled. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

GCR Total revenue Gross profit: ODR GCR Total gross profit Selling, general and administrative (1) 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration Amortization of intangibles Operating income Other (expenses) income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Gain on disposition of property and equipment Loss on early debt extinguishment ) (Loss) gain on change in fair value of interest rate swap ) ) Total other (expenses) income ) ) Income before income taxes 
 (1) Included within selling, general and administrative expenses was million and million of stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Note 12 - 
 or more options to extend the lease. The Company regularly evaluates the renewal options, and when they are reasonably certain of exercise, the Company includes the renewal period in its lease term. For the Company's leased vehicles, the Company uses the interest rate implicit in its leases with the lessor to discount lease payments at the lease commencement date. When the implicit rate is not readily available, as is the case with the Company's real estate leases, the Company uses quoted borrowing rates on its secured debt. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

years and includes an option to extend the lease for successive periods of each through November 2035. Base rent for the term of the lease is per month for the first with payment commencing on January 1, 2022. The fixed rent payment is escalated to per month for years 6 through 10 of the lease term. Fixed rent payments for the extension term are increased from by the percentage increase, if any, in the consumer price index from the lease commencement date. In addition, under the agreement, the Company is required to pay its share of estimated property taxes and operating expenses, both of which are variable lease expenses. 
 In conjunction with the closing of the ACME Transaction, the Company entered into an operating lease for certain land and facilities owned by a former member of ACME who became a full-time employee of the Company. The lease term of the lease runs through December 31, 2024 and includes an option to extend the lease for successive period of through December 2025. Base rent for the term of the lease is per month for the first with payment commencing on July 1, 2023. The fixed rent payment is escalated to per month for the twelve-month period ending December 31, 2024. Fixed rent payments for the extension term are increased to . In addition, under the agreement, the Company is required to pay its share of estimated property taxes and operating expenses, both of which are variable lease expenses. 
 In conjunction with the closing of the Industrial Air Transaction, the Company entered into an operating lease for certain land and facilities owned by a former member of Industrial Air who became a full-time employee of the Company. The lease term of the lease runs through August 31, 2026 and includes an option to extend the lease for successive periods of each through August 2032. Base rent for the term of the lease is per month for the first with payment commencing on November 1, 2023. The fixed rent payment is escalated to per month for the first extension period ending August 31, 2029 and to per month for the second extension period ending on August 31, 2032. In addition, under the agreement, the Company is required to pay its share of estimated property taxes and operating expenses, both of which are variable lease expenses. 
 Southern California Sublease . In June, 2021, the Company entered into a sublease agreement with a third party for the entire ground floor of its leased space in Southern California, consisting of square feet. Under the terms of the sublease agreement, the sublessee is obligated to pay the Company base rent of approximately million per year, which is subject to a annual rent increase, plus certain operating expenses and other costs. The initial lease term commenced in September 2021 and continues through April 30, 2027. As of September 30, 2024, the Company remains obligated under the original lease for such office space and, in the event the sublessee of such office space fails to satisfy its obligations under the sublease, the Company would be required to satisfy its obligations directly to the landlord under such original lease. 
 In addition, during the first quarter of 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the aforementioned sublease agreement, which, among other things, expanded the sublease premises to include the entire second floor of its leased space in Southern California, consisting of square feet. Under the terms of the amended sublease agreement, the sublessee is obligated to pay the Company base rent of approximately million per year, which is subject to a annual rent increase, plus certain operating expenses and other costs. The amended sublease term commenced in March 2022 and continues through April 30, 2027. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded approximately million and million, respectively, of income in selling, general and administrative expenses related to this sublease agreement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded approximately million and million, respectively, of income in selling, general and administrative expenses related to this sublease agreement. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Finance Property and equipment, net (3)(4) 
 Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating Current operating lease liabilities Finance Current portion of long-term debt Noncurrent Operating Long-term operating lease liabilities Finance Long-term debt (5) 
 Total lease liabilities 
 (1) Operating lease assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Includes approximately million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to a below-market lease recognized as a result of the Industrial Air Transaction, which was recorded as an increase to the Company s operating lease right-of-use assets on its condensed consolidated balance sheet. The below-market lease will be amortized to amortization expense over the remaining lease term. 
 (3) Finance lease vehicle assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 (4) Includes approximately million of net property assets associated with the Company's Pontiac Facility at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (5) Includes approximately million associated with the Company's sale and leaseback financing transaction at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. See Note 6 for further detail. 
 Operating lease cost Selling, general and administrative (1) 
 Finance lease cost Amortization Cost of revenue (2) 
 Interest Interest expense, net (2) 
 Total lease cost 
 (1) Operating lease costs recorded in cost of revenue included million and million of variable lease costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. In addition, million and million of variable lease costs are included in selling, general and administrative for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These variable costs consist of the Company's proportionate share of operating expenses, real estate taxes and utilities. 
 (2) Finance lease costs recorded in cost of revenue include variable lease costs of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These variable lease costs consist of fuel, maintenance, and sales tax charges. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Financing Component (3) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Net present value of minimum lease payments Less: current portion of finance and operating lease obligations ) ) ) ) ) Long-term finance and operating lease obligations 
 (1) Associated with the aforementioned related party leases entered into with former members of JMLLC, ACME and Industrial Air. 
 (2) Associated with the aforementioned third party sublease. 
 (3) The financing component for finance lease obligations represents the interest component of finance leases that will be recognized as interest expense in future periods. The financing component for operating lease obligations represents the effect of discounting the lease payments to their present value. 
 Finance (1) 
 Weighted average discount rate: Operating Finance (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes the weighted average lease term and weighted average discount rate associated with the aforementioned sale-leaseback financing transaction, which has a Primary Term of years and utilized an implicit rate of . See Note 6 for further detail. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets exchanged for lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases Right-of-use assets disposed or adjusted modifying operating leases liabilities ) Right-of-use assets disposed or adjusted modifying finance leases liabilities ) 
 
 Note 13 
 million in surety bonds outstanding. The Surety Bonds are issued by surety companies in return for premiums, which vary depending on the size and type of bond. 
 Collective Bargaining Agreements. Many of the Company s craft labor employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The agreements require the Company to pay specified wages, provide certain benefits and contribute certain amounts to multi-employer pension plans. If the Company withdraws from any of the multi-employer pension plans or if the plans were to otherwise become underfunded, the Company could incur additional liabilities related to these plans. Although the Company has been informed that some of the multi-employer pension plans to which it contributes have been classified as critical status, the Company is not currently aware of any significant liabilities related to this issue. 
 Self-insurance . The Company is substantially self-insured for workers compensation and general liability claims, in the view of the relatively high per-incident deductibles the Company absorbs under its insurance arrangements for these risks. The Company purchases workers compensation and general liability insurance under policies with per-incident deductibles of per occurrence and a million maximum aggregate deductible loss limit per year. Losses incurred over primary policy limits are covered by umbrella and excess policies up to specified limits with multiple excess insurers. The Company accrues for the unfunded portion of costs for both reported claims and claims incurred but not reported. The liability for unfunded reported claims and future claims is reflected on the consolidated balance sheets as current and non-current liabilities. The liability is determined by establishing a reserve for each reported claim on a case-by-case basis based on the nature of the claim and historical loss experience for similar claims plus an allowance for the cost of incurred but not reported claims. The current portion of the liability is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The non-current portion of the liability is included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company is self-insured related to medical and dental claims under policies with annual per-claimant and annual aggregate stop-loss limits. The Company accrues for the unfunded portion of costs for both reported claims and claims incurred but not reported. The liability for unfunded reported claims and future claims is reflected on the consolidated balance sheets as a current liability in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Current liability medical and dental Non-current liability Total liability Restricted cash 
 The restricted cash balance represents an imprest cash balance set aside for the funding of workers' compensation and general liability insurance claims. This amount is replenished either when depleted or at the beginning of each month. 
 
 Note 14 
 shares of its common stock for issuance. The number of shares issued or reserved pursuant to the Omnibus Incentive Plan will be adjusted by the plan administrator, as they deem appropriate and equitable, as a result of stock splits, stock dividends, and similar changes in the Company s common stock. In connection with the grant of an award, the plan administrator may provide for the treatment of such award in the event of a change in control. All awards are made in the form of shares only. 
 Service-Based Awards 
 The Company grants service-based stock awards in the form of RSUs. Service-based RSUs granted to executives, employees, and non-employee directors vest ratably, on an annual basis, over and in the case of certain awards to non-employee directors, over . The grant date fair value of the service-based awards was equal to the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. For both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million of stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding service-based RSUs. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding service-based RSUs. 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 
 Performance-Based Awards 
 The Company grants performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs under which shares of the Company s common stock may be earned based on the Company s performance compared to defined metrics. The number of shares earned under a performance award may vary from to of the target shares awarded, based upon the Company s performance compared to the metrics. The metrics used for the grant are determined by the Company s Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors and are based on internal measures such as the achievement of certain predetermined adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA margin performance goals generally over a period. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding PRSUs. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding PRSUs. 
 Granted 
 Performance factor adjustment (1) 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 
 (1) Performance-based awards covering the three-year period ended December 31, 2023 were paid out in the first quarter of 2024 based on the approval of the Company's Compensation Committee. The performance factor during the measurement period used to determine compensation payouts was of the pre-defined metric target of , which resulted in a positive performance factor adjustment and the issuance of shares of the Company's common stock as additional awards associated with the original grant. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Total recognized stock-based compensation expense amounted to million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively. The aggregate fair value as of the vest date of RSUs that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs that are probable of vesting was million at September 30, 2024. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our management s expectations. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements contained above in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The Company assumes no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements, unless required to do so by applicable law. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, a reference to a Note herein refers to the accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) contained in Part I, "Item 1. Financial Statements." 
 
 Overview 
 The Company is a building systems solution firm that partners with building owners and facilities managers who have mission critical mechanical (heating, ventilation and air conditioning), electrical, and plumbing infrastructure. The Company strives to be an indispensable partner to its customers by providing services that are essential to the operation of their businesses. The Company has more than 1,300 team members in 19 offices across the eastern United States. The Company s team members uniquely combine engineering expertise with field installation skills to provide custom solutions that leverage its full life-cycle capabilities, which allows it to address both the operational and capital projects needs of its customers. 
 The Company s core market sectors consist of the following customer base with mission-critical systems: 
 Healthcare , including research, acute care and inpatient hospitals for regional and national hospital groups, and pharmaceutical and biotech laboratories and manufacturing facilities; 
 Industrial and manufacturing , including automotive, energy and general manufacturing plants; 
 Data Centers, including facilities composed of networked computers, storage systems and computing infrastructure that organizations use to assemble, process, store and disseminate large amounts of data; 
 Life sciences, including organizations and companies whose work is centered around research and development focused on living things; 
 Higher Education, including both public and private colleges, universities and research centers; and 
 Cultural and entertainment, including sports arenas, entertainment facilities (including casinos) and amusement rides and parks. 
 The Company operates in two segments, (i) ODR, in which the Company performs owner direct projects and/or provides maintenance or service primarily on mechanical, plumbing or electrical systems, building controls and specialty contracting projects direct to, or assigned by, building owners or property managers, and (ii) GCR, in which the Company generally manages new construction or renovation projects that involve primarily mechanical, plumbing, or electrical services awarded to the Company by general contractors or construction managers. 
 
 Key Components of Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Revenue 
 The Company generates revenue principally from fixed-price construction contracts to deliver mechanical, plumbing, and electrical construction services to its customers. The duration of the Company s contracts generally ranges from three months to two years. Revenue from fixed price contracts is recognized on the cost-to-cost method, measured by the relationship of total cost incurred to total estimated contract costs. Revenue from time and materials service contracts is recognized as services are performed. The Company believes that its extensive experience in mechanical, plumbing, and electrical projects, and its internal cost review procedures during the bidding process, enable it to reasonably estimate costs and mitigate the risk of cost overruns on fixed price contracts. 
 The Company generally invoices customers monthly based on a schedule of values that breaks down the contract amount into discrete billing items. Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings are recorded as a contract asset until billable under the contract terms. Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings are recorded as a contract liability until the related revenue is recognizable. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue primarily consists of the labor, equipment, material, subcontract and other job costs in connection with fulfilling the terms of the Company s contracts. Labor costs consist of wages plus taxes, fringe benefits and insurance. Equipment costs consist of the ownership and operating costs of company-owned assets, in addition to outside-rented equipment. If applicable, job costs include estimated contract losses to be incurred in future periods. Due to the varied nature of the Company's services, and the risks associated therewith, contract costs as a percentage of contract revenue have historically fluctuated, and this fluctuation is expected to continue in future periods. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for its administrative, estimating, human resources, safety, information technology, legal, finance and accounting employees and executives. Also included are non-personnel costs, such as travel-related expenses, legal and other professional fees and other corporate expenses to support the growth of the Company's business and to meet the compliance requirements associated with operating as a public company. Those costs include accounting, human resources, information technology, legal personnel, additional consulting, legal and audit fees, insurance costs, board of directors compensation and the costs of achieving and maintaining compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 The change in fair value of contingent consideration relates to the remeasurement of the contingent consideration arrangements resulting from each of the Jake Marshall, LLC JMLLC ), Coating Solutions, LLC CSLLC (together with JMLLC, the Jake Marshall Transaction), the ACME Transaction, the Industrial Air Transaction and the Kent Island Transaction. As a part of the total consideration for the Jake Marshall, ACME, Industrial Air and Kent Island transactions, the Company initially recognized 3.1 million, 1.5 million, 3.2 million and 4.4 million, respectively, in contingent consideration associated with their respective earnout payments. The carrying values of the Jake Marshall, ACME, Industrial Air and Kent Island Earnout Payments are subject to remeasurement at fair value at each reporting date through the end of the respective earnout periods with any changes in the fair value reported as a separate component of operating income in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. See Note 8 Fair Value Measurements in the accompanying notes to the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Amortization of Intangibles 
 Amortization expense represents periodic non-cash charges that consist of amortization of various intangible assets primarily including favorable leasehold interests and certain customer relationships. As a result of the Jake Marshall Transaction, the Company recognized, in the aggregate, an additional 5.7 million of intangible assets associated with customer relationships with third-party customers, the acquired trade name and acquired backlog. As a result of the ACME Transaction, the Company recognized, in the aggregate, an additional 2.8 million of intangible assets associated with customer relationships with third-party customers and the acquired trade name, inclusive of the impact of certain measurement period adjustments. In addition, as a result of the Industrial Air Transaction, the Company recognized, in the aggregate, an additional 8.7 million of intangible assets associated with customer relationships with third-party customers, the acquired trade name, trademarks and intellectual property and the acquired backlog. Lastly, as a result of the Kent Island Transaction, the Company recognized, in the aggregate, an additional 10.7 million of intangible assets associated with customer relationships with third-party customers, the acquired trade name and the acquired backlog. Each of the Jake Marshall, ACME, Industrial Air and Kent Island-related intangible assets were recorded under the acquisition method of accounting at their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. See Note 5 Goodwill and Intangible Assets for further information on the Company s intangible assets. 
 Other (Expenses) Income 
 Other (expenses) income consists primarily of interest expense incurred in connection with the Company's debt, gains or losses associated with the disposition of property and equipment, changes in fair value of interest rate swaps, and interest income earned from its overnight repurchase agreements, money market investments, U.S. Treasury Bills and the Company's interest rate swap agreement. Deferred financing costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 The Company is taxed as a C corporation and its financial results include the effects of federal income taxes, which will be paid at the parent level. 
 The Company s provision for income taxes (including federal, state and local taxes) is calculated based on the estimated annual effective tax rate. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740 - Income Taxes , which requires the use of the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities and income or expense are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying values and their respective tax bases, using enacted tax rates expected to be applicable in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded in the provision for income taxes. 
 
 Impact of Acquisitions 
 In order to provide a more meaningful period-over-period discussion of the Company s operating results, the Company may discuss amounts generated or incurred (revenues, gross profit, selling, general and administrative expenses, and operating income) from companies acquired. The amounts discussed reflect the acquired companies operating results in the current reported period only for the time period these entities were not owned by the Company in the comparable prior reported period. 
 During 2023, the Company acquired two companies for total cash consideration of 15.3 million, net of cash acquired and inclusive of certain measurement period adjustments. On July 3, 2023, the Company completed an acquisition of Chattanooga, TN-based specialty industrial contractor, ACME, for a purchase price at closing of 5.0 million in cash. The transaction also provides for an earnout of up to 2.5 million potentially being paid out over the next two years. ACME specializes in performing industrial maintenance, capital project work, and emergency services for specialty chemical and manufacturing clients, and is a leading mechanical solutions provider for hydroelectric producers. On November 1, 2023, the Company completed an acquisition of Greensboro, NC-based specialty mechanical contractor, Industrial Air, for a purchase price at closing of 13.5 million in cash. The transaction also provides for an earnout of up to 6.5 million potentially being paid out over the next two years. Industrial Air serves industrial customers throughout the Southeast United States and along the Eastern seaboard, focusing on delivering engineered air handling systems, including air condition and air filtration, along with controls systems and maintenance work. In addition, Industrial Air manufactures a wide range of components for air conditioning and filtration systems. 
 On September 3, 2024, the Company completed an acquisition of Laurel, MD-based specialty mechanical contractor, Kent Island Mechanical, for a purchase price at closing of 15.0 million. The transaction also provides for an earnout of up to 5.0 million potentially being paid out over the next two years. Kent Island is a leading provider of building systems solutions in the Greater Washington, DC metro area, including suburban Maryland and Northern Virginia. Kent Island excels in designing, engineering, installing, servicing, and maintaining mechanical and plumbing systems for complex facilities. The acquisition expands the Company s market share within its existing operating footprint, provides further exposure to an attractive customer base and supports the Company's continued ODR growth strategy. 
 Divestitures 
 In February 2022, the Company announced its strategic decision to wind down its Southern California GCR and ODR operations. The decision was made to better align the Company s customer geographic focus and to reduce losses related to unprofitable locations. During 2023, the Company executed the closeout phases on its remaining Southern California business unit projects and has fully exited the Southern California region aside from certain operational warranty obligations. However, the Company is party to the terms of a sublease agreement for its leased premises in Southern California through April 2027 and remains obligated under the original lease for such office space in the event the sublessee fails to satisfy its obligations under the sublease agreement. See Note 12 Leases in the accompanying notes to the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on the Southern California Sublease. 
 
 Operating Segments 
 The Company manages and measures the performance of its business in two operating segments: ODR and GCR. These segments are reflective of how the Company s CODM reviews operating results for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. The Company's CODM comprises its President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 280 Segment Reporting , the Company has elected to aggregate all of the ODR work performed at branches into one ODR reportable segment and all of the GCR work performed at branches into one GCR reportable segment. All transactions between segments are eliminated in consolidation. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table presents operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in dollars and expressed as a percentage of total revenue (except as indicated below), as compared below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands except for percentages) Statement of Operations Data: Revenue: ODR 93,007 69.4 65,832 51.5 GCR 40,913 30.6 61,936 48.5 Total revenue 133,920 100.0 127,768 100.0 Gross profit: ODR 29,647 31.9 (1) 
 19,274 29.3 (1) 
 GCR 6,467 15.8 (2) 
 11,970 19.3 (2) 
 Total gross profit 36,114 27.0 31,244 24.5 Selling, general and administrative (3) 
 23,748 17.7 20,967 16.4 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 610 0.5 161 0.1 Amortization of intangibles 868 0.6 288 0.2 Total operating income 10,888 8.1 9,828 7.7 Other (expenses) income (10) 124 0.1 Total income before income taxes 10,878 8.1 9,952 7.8 Income tax provision 3,394 2.5 2,760 2.2 Net income 7,484 5.6 7,192 5.6 
 (1) As a percentage of ODR revenue. 
 (2) As a percentage of GCR revenue. 
 (3) Included within selling, general and administrative expenses was 1.6 million and 1.1 million of stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Revenue Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase/(Decrease) (in thousands except for percentages) Revenue: ODR 93,007 65,832 27,175 41.3 GCR 40,913 61,936 (21,023) (33.9) Total revenue 133,920 127,768 6,152 4.8 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 6.2 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. ODR revenue increased by 27.2 million, or 41.3 , while GCR revenue decreased by 21.0 million, or 33.9 . The increase in period-over-period ODR segment revenue was primarily due to the Company's continued focus on the accelerated growth of its ODR business and, as a result of the Industrial Air Transaction. Industrial Air was not an acquired entity of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in period-over-period GCR segment revenue was primarily due to the Company s continued focus on the execution of its mix-shift strategy to ODR. 

32 

Table of Contents 

Gross Profit 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase/(Decrease) (in thousands except for percentages) Gross profit: ODR 29,647 19,274 10,373 53.8 GCR 6,467 11,970 (5,503) (46.0) Total gross profit 36,114 31,244 4,870 15.6 Total gross profit as a percentage of total revenue 27.0 24.5 
 The Company's gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 4.9 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. ODR gross profit increased 10.4 million, or 53.8 , due to the combination of an increase in revenue and higher margins driven by contract mix. GCR gross profit decreased 5.5 million, or 46.0 , primarily due to lower revenue and lower margins on project work period-over-period. The total gross profit percentage increased from 24.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 27.0 for the same period ended in 2024, mainly driven by the mix of higher margin ODR segment work, the Company becoming more selective when pursuing GCR work, and as a result of the Industrial Air Transaction. Industrial Air was not an acquired entity of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded revisions in its contract estimates for certain ODR and GCR projects; however, the Company did not record any gross profit write-ups or write-downs that had a net gross profit impact of 0.5 million or more. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded gross profit write-ups on three GCR projects for a total of 3.1 million, inclusive of a 1.2 million write-up related to the settlement of a past claim, and one GCR project gross profit write-down for 0.7 million and one ODR project gross profit write-down for 0.6 million. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase/(Decrease) (in thousands except for percentages) Selling, general and administrative 23,748 20,967 2,781 13.3 Total selling, general and administrative as a percentage of total revenue 17.7 16.4 
 The Company's SG A expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by approximately 2.8 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in SG A expense was primarily due to approximately 1.0 million of SG A expenses incurred within the Industrial Air entity during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that was not an acquired entity of the Company during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company s SG A expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 also increased due to a 1.1 million increase in payroll related expenses, a 0.5 million increase in stock-based compensation expenses and a 0.4 million increase in professional services fees. As a result of these factors, SG A expense as a percentage of revenue increased to 17.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 16.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 The change in fair value of the Earnout Payments contingent consideration was a 0.6 million and a 0.2 million loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These increases to the contingent liability were primarily attributable to the timing component and probability of meeting the gross profit margins associated with the contingent consideration arrangements as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. See Note 8 Fair Value Measurements in the accompanying notes to the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on the Company's earnout arrangements. 
 Amortization of Intangibles 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase/(Decrease) (in thousands except for percentages) Amortization of intangibles 868 288 580 201.4 
 Total amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 0.9 million and 0.3 million, respectively. As a result of the Industrial Air and Kent Island acquisitions, the Company acquired certain intangible assets in which it recognized an increase of approximately 0.6 million of amortization expense period-over-period. See Note 5 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets for further information on the Company's intangible assets. 
 Other Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands except for percentages) Other (expenses) income: Interest expense (468) (437) (31) 7.1 Interest income 626 377 249 66.0 Gain on disposition of property and equipment 99 68 31 45.6 (Loss) gain on change in fair value of interest rate swap (267) 116 (383) (330.2) Total other (expenses) income (10) 124 (134) 108.1 
 Total other expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was less than 0.1 million as compared to total other income of 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change period-over-period was primarily driven by a 0.4 million loss period-over-period associated with the Company's interest rate swap arrangement, partly offset by a 0.2 million increase in interest income related to the Company's overnight repurchase agreements, investments in U.S. Treasury Bills and money market funds. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company recorded an income tax provision of 3.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate was 31.2 and 27.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and the Company s effective tax rate period-over-period was primarily due to state income taxes, tax credits, other permanent adjustments and discrete tax items. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table presents operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in dollars and expressed as a percentage of total revenue (except as indicated below), as compared below: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands except for percentages) Statement of Operations Data: Revenue: ODR 250,017 66.6 183,330 49.1 GCR 125,114 33.4 190,329 50.9 Total revenue 375,131 100.0 373,659 100.0 Gross profit: ODR 77,170 30.9 (1) 
 52,424 28.6 (1) 
 GCR 23,540 18.8 (2) 
 33,560 17.6 (2) 
 Total gross profit 100,710 26.8 85,984 23.0 Selling, general and administrative (3) 
 69,800 18.6 62,433 16.7 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 2,344 0.6 464 0.1 Amortization of intangibles 2,956 0.8 1,054 0.3 Total operating income 25,610 6.8 22,033 5.9 Other income (expenses) 885 0.2 (1,121) (0.3) Total income before income taxes 26,495 7.1 20,912 5.6 Income tax provision 5,462 1.5 5,407 1.4 Net income 21,033 5.6 15,505 4.1 
 (1) As a percentage of ODR revenue. 
 (2) As a percentage of GCR revenue. 
 (3) Included within selling, general and administrative expenses was 4.3 million and 3.4 million of stock-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Revenue Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase/(Decrease) (in thousands except for percentages) Revenue: ODR 250,017 183,330 66,687 36.4 GCR 125,114 190,329 (65,215) (34.3) Total revenue 375,131 373,659 1,472 0.4 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.5 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. ODR revenue increased by 66.7 million, or 36.4 , while GCR revenue decreased by 65.2 million, or 34.3 . The increase in period-over-period ODR segment revenue was primarily due to the Company's continued focus on the accelerated growth of its ODR business and as a result of the ACME and Industrial Air acquisitions. Certain of these entities were not acquired entities of the Company during the full nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in period-over-period GCR segment revenue was primarily due to the Company s continued focus on the execution of its mix-shift strategy to ODR. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Gross Profit 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase/(Decrease) (in thousands except for percentages) Gross profit: ODR 77,170 52,424 24,746 47.2 GCR 23,540 33,560 (10,020) (29.9) Total gross profit 100,710 85,984 14,726 17.1 Total gross profit as a percentage of total revenue 26.8 23.0 
 The Company's gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 14.7 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. ODR gross profit increased 24.7 million, or 47.2 , due to the combination of an increase in revenue and higher margins driven by contract mix. GCR gross profit decreased 10.0 million, or 29.9 , primarily due to lower revenue despite higher margins on project work period-over-period. The total gross profit percentage increased from 23.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 26.8 for the same period ended in 2024, mainly driven by the mix of higher margin ODR segment work, the Company becoming more selective when pursuing GCR work, and as a result of the ACME and Industrial Air acquisitions. 
 The Company recorded revisions in its contract estimates for certain ODR and GCR projects. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded gross profit write-ups on four ODR projects and two GCR projects for a total of 3.9 million and 1.5 million, respectively, and one GCR project gross profit write-down for a total of 0.6 million that had a net gross profit impact of 0.5 million or more. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded gross profit write-ups on two GCR projects for a total of 2.2 million, inclusive of a 1.2 million write-up related to the settlement of a past claim, and one GCR project gross profit write-down for 0.5 million and one ODR project gross profit write-down for 0.7 million. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase/(Decrease) (in thousands except for percentages) Selling, general and administrative 69,800 62,433 7,367 11.8 Total selling, general and administrative as a percentage of total revenue 18.6 16.7 
 The Company's SG A expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by approximately 7.4 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in SG A expense was primarily due to approximately 3.7 million of collective SG A expenses incurred within the ACME and Industrial Air entities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that were not acquired entities of the Company during the full nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company s SG A expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also increased due to a 2.9 million increase in payroll related expenses and a 0.9 million increase in stock-based compensation expenses. As a result of these factors, SG A expense as a percentage of revenue increased to 18.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 16.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 The change in fair value of the Earnout Payments contingent consideration was a 2.3 million and a 0.5 million loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These increases to the contingent liability were primarily attributable to the timing component and probability of meeting the gross profit margins associated with the contingent consideration arrangements as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. See Note 8 Fair Value Measurements in the accompanying notes to the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on the Company's earnout arrangements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Amortization of Intangibles 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase/(Decrease) (in thousands except for percentages) Amortization of intangibles 2,956 1,054 1,902 180.5 
 Total amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 3.0 million and 1.1 million, respectively. As a result of the ACME, Industrial Air and Kent Island acquisitions, the Company acquired certain intangible assets in which it recognized an increase of approximately 2.3 million of amortization expense period-over-period. See Note 5 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets for further information on the Company's intangible assets. 
 Other Expenses 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands except for percentages) Other income (expenses): Interest expense (1,375) (1,615) 240 (14.9) Interest income 1,734 624 1,110 177.9 Gain (loss) on disposition of property and equipment 656 28 628 2,242.9 (Loss) gain on change in fair value of interest rate swap (130) 153 (283) (185.0) Loss on early debt extinguishment (311) 311 (100.0) Total other income (expenses) 885 (1,121) 2,006 178.9 
 Total other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.9 million as compared to total other expenses of 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change period-over-period was primarily driven by a 1.1 million increase in interest income related to the Company's overnight repurchase agreements, investments in U.S. Treasury Bills and money market funds, a 0.3 million loss on early debt extinguishment recognized during 2023 and a 0.2 million decrease in interest expense, which was the result of lower overall outstanding debt. In addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a gain of 0.7 million related to the sale of certain property and equipment compared to a less than 0.1 million loss recognized in 2023. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company recorded an income tax provision of 5.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate was 20.6 and 25.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and the Company s effective tax rate period-over-period was primarily due to state income taxes, tax credits, other permanent adjustments and discrete tax items. In particular, the Company s effective rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were materially impacted by excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation recognized discretely during the first quarter of each year. This benefit reduced the effective tax rate by 35.1 and 10.2 for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively, with the impact varying in prior years. The increase in the 2024 effective rate reduction is primarily related to the higher stock price of the Company resulting in increased tax deductions for the Company upon vesting of equity incentive awards. 
 
 ODR and GCR Backlog Information 
 The Company refers to its estimated revenue on uncompleted contracts, including the amount of revenue on contracts for which work has not begun, less the revenue it had recognized under such contracts, as backlog. Backlog includes unexercised contract options. The Company s backlog includes projects that have a written award, a letter of intent, a notice to proceed or an agreed upon work order to perform work on mutually accepted terms and conditions. Additionally, the difference between the Company s backlog and remaining performance obligations is due to the portion of unexercised contract options that are excluded, under certain contract types, from the Company s remaining performance obligations as these contracts can be canceled for convenience at any time by the Company or the customer without considerable cost incurred by the customer. In addition to the Company's backlog, it has a substantial amount of contracts with short lead times that book-and-bill within the 
 37 

Table of Contents 

same reporting period and are not included in backlog. Additional information related to the Company s remaining performance obligations is provided in Note 4. 
 The Company's ODR backlog as of September 30, 2024 was 209.8 million compared to 147.0 million at December 31, 2023. These amounts reflect unrecognized revenue expected to be recognized over the remaining terms of our service contracts and projects. Based on historical trends, the Company currently estimates that 37 of its ODR backlog as of September 30, 2024 will be recognized as revenue over the remainder of 2024. The Company believes its ODR backlog increased due to its continued focus on the accelerated growth of its ODR business. 
 In addition, the Company's GCR backlog as of September 30, 2024 was 161.5 million compared to 186.9 million at December 31, 2023. Projects are brought into backlog once the Company has been provided a written confirmation of award and the contract value has been established. At any point in time, the Company has a substantial volume of projects that are specifically identified and advanced in negotiations and/or documentation, however those projects are not booked as backlog until the Company has received written confirmation from the owner or the GC/CM of their intention to award the Company the contract and they have directed the Company to begin engineering, designing, incurring construction labor costs or procuring needed equipment and material. The Company s GCR projects tend to be built over a 12- to 24-month schedule depending upon scope and complexity. Most major projects have a preconstruction planning phase which may require months of planning before actual construction commences. The Company is occasionally employed to deliver a fast-track project, where construction commences as the preconstruction planning work continues. As work on the Company s projects progress, it increases or decreases backlog to take into account its estimate of the effects of changes in estimated quantities, changes in conditions, change orders and other variations from initially anticipated contract revenue, and the percentage of completion of the Company s work on the projects. Based on historical trends, the Company currently estimates that 31 of its GCR backlog as of September 30, 2024 will be recognized as revenue over the remainder of 2024. Additionally, the reduction in GCR backlog has been intentional as the Company looks to focus on higher margin projects than historically, as well as its focus on smaller, higher margin owner direct projects. 
 
 Market Update 
 Although the Company has been experiencing strong demand, certain events continue to impact its business, including global economic conditions, the inflationary cost environment, elevated labor costs and disruption in its supply chain. The Company continued to experience elevated levels of cost inflation during 2023, which has continued into 2024, although at lower levels than experienced in 2023. These headwinds have been partially mitigated in 2023 and 2024 by pricing actions taken in response to the inflationary cost environment, supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives. The effects of inflation also have resulted in central banks raising short-term interest rates, which have remained at increased levels. Therefore, the Company has continued to experience an elevation in its interest expense relative to its outstanding borrowings. Also, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the sanctions imposed in response to this conflict, have increased global economic and political uncertainty and the conflict in the Middle East may add to these issues. 
 While the impact of these factors remains uncertain, the Company continues to evaluate the extent to which they may impact its business, financial condition or results of operations. There can be no assurance that the Company's actions will serve to mitigate such impacts in future periods. Further, while the Company believes its remaining performance obligations are firm, and its customers have not provided the Company with indications that they no longer wish to proceed with planned projects, prolonged delays in the receipt of critical equipment could result in the Company's customers seeking to terminate existing or pending agreements. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 
 Outlook for 2024 
 The Company continues to focus on creating value for building owners by targeting opportunities for long-term relationships with the vision of becoming an indispensable partner to building owners with mission-critical systems. For 2024, the key objectives of the Company s strategy are to improve profitability and generate quality growth in its operations, to enable sustainable and efficient building environments, to continue investing in its workforce and to acquire strategically synergistic businesses. 
 In focusing on improved profitability and generating quality growth in its operation, the Company has dedicated and continues to dedicate, its resources toward the growth of its ODR segment as the scope of services provided within the Company s ODR segment typically yield higher margins when compared to its GCR segment work. During fiscal year 2023, the Company eclipsed its ODR-related revenue target, generating a 50/50 segment revenue mix. For 2024, the Company reaffirms its focus on expanding the number and breadth of owner relationships that it serves on a direct basis and leveraging these expanded owner-direct relationships to deliver a broad suite of services. The Company believes it maintains a disciplined approach, capable of providing a full life-cycle of engineered solutions and craft expertise enabling it to be a one-stop-shop for building 
 38 

Table of Contents 

owners to maximize their investments in their mission-critical assets. In addition, the Company continues to make investments to expand its ODR revenue by increasing the value it can offer to building owners and continues to evaluate areas in which it could expand the breadth of its service offerings to better serve its clients. Employee development underpins the Company s efforts to execute its 2024 strategy. The Company is actively concentrating managerial and sales resources on training and hiring experienced employees to sell and profitably perform ODR-related services. In many locations, the Company has added or enhanced its capabilities and the Company believes its investments and efforts have provided customer value and stimulated growth. The Company s team members uniquely combine engineering expertise with field installation skills to provide custom solutions that leverage its full life-cycle capabilities, which allows it to address both the operational and capital projects needs of its customers. 
 In the Company s GCR segment, its efforts continue to focus on improving project execution and profitability by pursuing opportunities that are smaller in size and shorter in duration than historically, and where it can leverage its captive design and engineering services. The Company believes that it is appropriate in the current contracting environment to reduce risk and exposure to large, complex, non-owner direct projects where the trend has been for such jobs to provide risks that are difficult to mitigate. Currently, management believes the historical industry pricing and associated risks for this type of work does not align with the Company s stakeholders expectations, and therefore, the Company continues to take steps to actively reduce these risks as it looks at future job selection and as it completes current jobs. 
 Additionally, the Company believes that it can further increase its cash flow and operating income by acquiring strategically synergistic companies that will increase the Company s geographic footprint, supplement the Company s current business model, address capability gaps and enhance the breadth of its service offerings to better serve its clients. The Company has dedicated and continues to dedicate its resources to seek opportunities to acquire and integrate businesses that have attractive market positions, supports the Company ODR growth strategy, expands and/or supplements the Company s current breadth of service offerings and is culturally compatible. 
 Given the broad suite of services offered to customers within the Company s market concentrations, management uses a variety of factors to attempt to predict the outlook for the Company. The Company monitors key competitors and customers in order to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future. The Company regularly performs detailed evaluations of the different market verticals in which it serves to proactively detect trends and to adapt its strategies accordingly, including potential triggers and actions to be taken under recessionary scenarios. In addition, the Company believes its backlog is indicative of future revenue and thus are a key measure of anticipated performance. 
 The Company continues to monitor the impact that the inflationary cost environment has on its cost structure. Although global supply chain and resource constraints have improved throughout the year, the Company s performance may be impacted by future developments that are uncertain. In addition, geopolitical risks and macroeconomic events could cause disruptions to operations, supply chains and end markets, tightening credit conditions, higher interest rates, global banking uncertainty and the possibility of deteriorating overall economic conditions which could negatively impact the Company s business. 
 
 Seasonality, Cyclicality and Quarterly Trends 
 Severe weather can impact the Company s operations. In the northern climates where it operates, and to a lesser extent the southern climates as well, severe winters can slow the Company s productivity on construction projects, which shifts revenue and gross profit recognition to a later period. The Company s maintenance operations may also be impacted by mild or severe weather. Mild weather tends to reduce demand for its maintenance services, whereas severe weather may increase the demand for its maintenance and time-and-materials services. The Company s operations also experience mild cyclicality, as building owners typically work through maintenance and capital projects at an increased level during the third and fourth calendar quarters of each year. 
 
 Effect of Inflation and Tariffs 
 The prices of products such as steel, pipe, copper and equipment from manufacturers are subject to fluctuation and increases. It is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation, tariffs and price escalation due to the imprecise nature of the estimates required. However, these effects are, at times, material to the Company s results of operations and financial condition. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, the Company experienced higher cost of materials on specific projects and delays in its supply chain for equipment and service vehicles from the manufacturers, and these higher costs and delays in its supply chain persisted in 2024. When appropriate, the Company includes cost escalation factors into its bids and proposals, as well as limit the acceptance time of its bid. In addition, the Company is often able to mitigate the impact of future price increases by entering into fixed price purchase orders for materials and equipment and subcontracts on its projects. Notwithstanding these efforts, if the Company experiences significant disruptions to its supply chain, it may need to delay certain projects that would otherwise be accretive to its business, and this may also impact the conversion rate of its current backlog into revenue. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash Flows 
 The Company's liquidity needs relate primarily to the provision of working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) to support operations, funding of capital expenditures, and investment in strategic opportunities. Historically, liquidity has been provided by operating activities and borrowings from commercial banks and institutional lenders. 
 The following table presents summary cash flow information for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 17,494 43,460 Investing activities (17,725) (6,233) Financing activities (8,439) (15,803) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (8,670) 21,424 Noncash investing and financing transactions: Earnout liability associated with the Kent Island Transaction 4,381 Earnout liability associated with the ACME Transaction 1,121 Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 4,776 1,043 Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 3,095 4,062 Right of use assets disposed or adjusted modifying operating lease liabilities 988 (643) Right of use assets disposed or adjusted modifying finance lease liabilities (77) Interest paid 1,413 1,482 Cash paid for income taxes 4,700 6,718 
 The Company's cash flows are primarily impacted period to period by fluctuations in working capital. Factors such as the Company's contract mix, commercial terms, days sales outstanding DSO and delays in the start of projects may impact its working capital. In line with industry practice, the Company accumulates costs during a given month then bills those costs in the current month for many of its contracts. While labor costs associated with these contracts are paid weekly and salary costs associated with the contracts are paid bi-weekly, certain subcontractor costs are generally not paid until the Company receives payment from its customers (contractual pay-if-paid terms). The Company has not historically experienced a large volume of write-offs related to its receivables and contract assets. The Company regularly assesses its receivables for collectability and provides allowances for credit losses where appropriate. The Company believes that its reserves for its expected credit losses are appropriate as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, but adverse changes in the economic environment may impact certain of its customers ability to access capital and compensate the Company for its services, as well as impact project activity for the foreseeable future. 
 The Company's existing current backlog is projected to provide substantial coverage of forecasted revenue for one year from the date of the financial statement issuance. In addition to the Company's backlog, it has a substantial amount of contracts with short lead times that book-and-bill within the same reporting period and are not included in backlog. The Company's current cash balance, together with cash it expects to generate from future operations along with borrowings available under its credit facility, are expected to be sufficient to finance its short- and long-term capital requirements (or meet working capital requirements) for at least the next twelve months. In addition to the future operating cash flows of the Company, along with its existing borrowing availability and access to financial markets, the Company currently believes it will be able to meet any working capital and future operating requirements, and capital investment forecast opportunities for at least the next twelve months. 
 The following table represents the Company's summarized working capital information: 
 40 

Table of Contents 

(in thousands, except ratios) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current assets 217,144 217,000 Current liabilities (138,205) (145,148) Net working capital 78,939 71,852 Current ratio (1) 
 1.57 1.50 
 (1) Current ratio is calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities. 
 As discussed above and in Note 6, as of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all financial maintenance covenants as required by its credit facility. 
 Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 
 The following is a summary of the significant sources (uses) of cash from operating activities: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands 
 2024 2023 Cash Inflow (outflow) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income 21,033 15,505 5,528 Non-cash operating activities (1) 
 17,246 12,816 4,430 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 4,283 21,896 (17,613) Contract assets (1,115) 14,014 (15,129) Other current assets (395) (1,459) 1,064 Accounts payable, including retainage (18,418) (18,703) 285 Prepaid income taxes 95 (95) Accrued taxes payable 1,311 (1,386) 2,697 Contract liabilities 10 2,312 (2,302) Operating lease liabilities (2,895) (2,803) (92) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities (1,446) 1,997 (3,443) Payment of contingent consideration liability in excess of acquisition-date fair value (2,175) (1,224) (951) Other long-term liabilities 55 400 (345) Cash (used in) provided by working capital (20,785) 15,139 (35,924) Net cash provided by operating activities 17,494 43,460 (25,966) 
 (1) Represents non-cash activity associated with depreciation and amortization, provision for credit losses, stock-based compensation expense, operating lease expense, amortization of debt issuance costs, deferred income tax provision, gain or loss on sale of property and equipment, changes in fair value of contingent consideration and changes in the fair value of the Company's interest rate swap. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company generated 17.5 million in cash for its operating activities, which consisted of net income of 21.0 million and certain non-cash adjustments of 17.2 million (primarily depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, operating lease expense and the change in fair value of contingent consideration), partly offset by cash used in working capital of 20.8 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company generated 43.5 million from its operating activities, which consisted of cash provided by working capital of 15.1 million, 12.8 million of non-cash adjustments (primarily depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, operating lease expense and the change in fair value of contingent consideration) and net income for the period of 15.5 million. 
 The decrease in operating cash flows during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily attributable to a 17.4 million period-over-period cash outflow related to the aggregate change in the Company's contract assets and liabilities and a 17.6 million change in accounts receivable. The decrease in the Company's overbilled position was due to the timing of contract billings and the recognition of contract revenue, as well as the successful resolution of certain prior year outstanding claims. The change in accounts receivable period-over-period was due to 
 41 

Table of Contents 

the timing of cash receipts. These cash outflows were partially offset by a 5.5 million increase in net income and a 4.4 million increase on non-cash operating activities, primarily related to depreciation and amortization and the changes in fair value on the Company's contingent consideration arrangements. 
 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 Cash flows used in investing activities were 17.7 million and 6.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a cash outflow of 12.7 million associated with the Kent Island Transaction, net of cash acquired, and 6.2 million in cash outflows related to the purchase of property and equipment, which was primarily associated with the purchase of certain rental equipment to expand customer service offerings. These cash outflows were partially offset by 1.2 million in proceeds from the sale of property and equipment. Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 4.9 million represented cash outflows associated with the ACME Transaction, net of cash acquired. In addition, cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included 1.7 million, which was used to purchase property and equipment, partially offset by 0.4 million in proceeds from the sale of property and equipment. 
 Aside from the rental equipment purchased during 2024, the majority of the Company's cash used for investing activities in both periods was for capital additions pertaining to tools and equipment, computer software and hardware purchases, office furniture and office related leasehold improvements. 
 Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities 
 Cash flows used in financing activities were 8.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 15.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid approximately 5.2 million in taxes related to the net share settlement of equity awards, 2.3 million for payments on finance leases and made 3.5 million in aggregate payments to the former owners of JMLLC, CSLLC and ACME related to their respective 2023 earnout arrangements, of which 1.3 million was recognized as a cash outflow from financing activities. These cash financing outflows were partially offset by 0.4 million associated with proceeds from employee contributions to the ESPP. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of the execution of the Second A R Wintrust Credit Agreement, the Company paid off the remaining principal portion of the A R Wintrust Term Loan of 19.0 million. Prior to the termination of the A R Wintrust Term Loan, the Company made principal payments of 2.4 million, consisting of monthly installment payments of 0.6 million. In addition, the Company paid approximately 0.8 million in taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards, 2.0 million for payments on finance leases and made a 3.0 million payment to the former owners of JMLLC and CSLLC related to the 2022 Earnout Period, of which 1.7 million was recognized as a cash outflow from financing activities. These cash financing outflows were partially offset by 10.0 million in proceeds from borrowings under the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan and 0.4 million associated with proceeds from contributions to the ESPP. 
 The following table reflects our available funding capacity, subject to covenant restrictions, as of September 30, 2024: 
 (in thousands) Cash cash equivalents (1) 
 51,163 Credit agreement: Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan 50,000 Outstanding borrowings on the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan (10,000) Outstanding letters of credit (4,265) Net credit agreement capacity available 35,735 Total available funding capacity 86,898 
 (1) The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of 90 days or less on the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 consisted of certain overnight repurchase agreements and money market investments. 
 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 Management continued to devote additional resources to its billing and collection efforts during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Management continues to expect that growth in our ODR business, which is less sensitive to the cash flow issues presented by large GCR projects, should positively impact our cash flow trends. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Provided that the Company s lenders continue to provide working capital funding, the Company believes based on its current forecast that its current cash and cash equivalents of 51.2 million as of September 30, 2024, cash payments to be received from existing and new customers, and availability of borrowing under the Second A R Wintrust Revolving Loan (pursuant to which we had 35.7 million of availability as of September 30, 2024) will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
 
 Debt and Related Obligations 
 Long-term debt consists of the following obligations as of: 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 A R Wintrust Revolving Loans 10,000 10,000 Finance leases collateralized by vehicles, payable in monthly installments of principal, plus interest ranging from 3.96 to 8.60 through 2031 
 8,146 7,347 Financing liability 5,351 5,351 Total debt 23,497 22,698 Less - Current portion of long-term debt (2,626) (2,680) Less - Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs (374) (387) Long-term debt 20,497 19,631 
 See Note 6 for further discussion. 
 
 Surety Bonding 
 In connection with its business, the Company is occasionally required to provide various types of surety bonds that provide an additional measure of security to its customers for its performance under certain government and private sector contracts. The Company s ability to obtain surety bonds depends upon its capitalization, working capital, past performance, management expertise and external factors, including the capacity of the overall surety market. Surety companies consider such factors in light of the amount of the Company s backlog that it has currently bonded and their current underwriting standards, which may change from time-to-time. The bonds, if any, the Company provides typically reflect the contract value. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had approximately 62.8 million and 90.9 million in surety bonds outstanding, respectively. The Company believes that its 800.0 million bonding capacity provides us with a significant competitive advantage relative to many of our competitors which we believe have limited bonding capacity. See Note 13 for further discussion. 
 
 Insurance and Self-Insurance 
 The Company purchases workers compensation and general liability insurance under policies with per-incident deductibles of 250,000 per occurrence. Losses incurred over primary policy limits are covered by umbrella and excess policies up to specified limits with multiple excess insurers. The Company accrues for the unfunded portion of costs for both reported claims and claims incurred but not reported. The liability for unfunded reported claims and future claims is reflected on the consolidated balance sheets as current and non-current liabilities. The liability is computed by determining a reserve for each reported claim on a case-by-case basis based on the nature of the claim and historical loss experience for similar claims plus an allowance for the cost of incurred but not reported claims. The current portion of the liability is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The non-current portion of the liability is included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company is self-insured related to medical and dental claims under policies with annual per-claimant and annual aggregate stop-loss limits. The Company accrues for the unfunded portion of costs for both reported claims and claims incurred but not reported. The liability for unfunded reported claims and future claims is reflected on the consolidated balance sheets as a current liability in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. See Note 13 for further discussion. 
 
 Multiemployer Pension Plans 
 The Company participates in approximately 40 MEPPs that provide retirement benefits to certain union employees in accordance with various collective bargaining agreements CBAs ). As one of many participating employers in these MEPPs, the Company is responsible with the other participating employers for any plan underfunding. The Company s contributions to a particular MEPP are established by the applicable CBAs; however, required contributions may increase based on the funded status of an MEPP and legal requirements of the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the PPA ), which requires substantially underfunded MEPPs to implement a funding improvement plan FIP or a rehabilitation plan RP to improve its funded 
 43 

Table of Contents 

status. Factors that could impact funded status of an MEPP include, without limitation, investment performance, changes in the participant demographics, decline in the number of contributing employers, changes in actuarial assumptions and the utilization of extended amortization provisions. Assets contributed to the MEPPs by the Company may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If a participating employer stops contributing to an MEPP, the unfunded obligations of the MEPP may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 
 An FIP or RP requires a particular MEPP to adopt measures to correct its underfunding status. These measures may include, but are not limited to an increase in a company s contribution rate as a signatory to the applicable CBA, or changes to the benefits paid to retirees. In addition, the PPA requires that a 5.0 surcharge be levied on employer contributions for the first year commencing shortly after the date the employer receives notice that the MEPP is in critical status and a 10.0 surcharge on each succeeding year until a CBA is in place with terms and conditions consistent with the RP. 
 The Company could also be obligated to make payments to MEPPs if it either ceases to have an obligation to contribute to the MEPP or significantly reduces its contributions to the MEPP because it reduces the number of employees who are covered by the relevant MEPP for various reasons, including, but not limited to, layoffs or closure of a subsidiary assuming the MEPP has unfunded vested benefits. The amount of such payments (known as a complete or partial withdrawal liability) would equal the Company s proportionate share of the MEPPs unfunded vested benefits. The Company believes that certain of the MEPPs in which it participates may have unfunded vested benefits. Due to uncertainty regarding future factors that could trigger withdrawal liability, the Company is unable to determine (a) the amount and timing of any future withdrawal liability, if any, and (b) whether its participation in these MEPPs could have a material adverse impact on its financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are based upon our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements for assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period, and the accompanying notes. Management believes that its most significant estimates and assumptions have been based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and the resulting estimates are reasonable for use in the preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company s significant estimates include estimates associated with revenue recognition on construction contracts, costs incurred through each balance sheet date, intangibles, property and equipment, fair value accounting for acquisitions, insurance reserves, income tax valuation allowances, fair value of contingent consideration arrangements and contingencies. If the underlying estimates and assumptions upon which the condensed consolidated financial statements are based change in the future, actual amounts may differ from those included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Management believes there have been no significant changes during the three months ended September 30, 2024, to the items that we disclosed as our critical accounting policies and estimates in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act therefore, pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation as of September 30, 2024, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management recognizes that any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain judgments and assumptions and cannot provide absolute assurance that its objectives will be met. Similarly, an evaluation of controls cannot provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Part II 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 13 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 The Company s executive officers and directors may from time to time enter into plans or arrangements for the purchase or sale of its common stock that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Description 3.1 
 Conformed Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36541) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on June 23, 2023). 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Designation of Class A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36541) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on July 26, 2016). 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Designation of Class A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36541) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 24, 2016). 
 3.4 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36541) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2023). 
 10.1 
 First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2024, by and among Limbach Facility Services LLC, Limbach Holdings LLC, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Wheaton Bank Trust Company, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36541) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2024). 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 
 Filed herewith 
 47 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC. /s/ Michael M. McCann Michael M. McCann President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jayme L. Brooks Jayme L. Brooks Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date: November 5, 2024 
 48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lmb-09302024xexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael M. McCann, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Limbach Holdings, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Michael M. McCann Michael M. McCann President and Chief Executive Officer Date November 5, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lmb-09302024xexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jayme L. Brooks, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Limbach Holdings, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Jayme L. Brooks Jayme L. Brooks Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date November 5, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 lmb-09302024xexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Limbach Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Michael M. McCann, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge and belief 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 By s Michael M. McCann Michael M. McCann, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 lmb-09302024xexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Limbach Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Jayme L. Brooks, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge and belief 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 By s Jayme L. Brooks Jayme L. Brooks, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lmb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lmb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lmb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lmb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lmb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

