<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_2007919_0002007919-24-000058.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6569963</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116982</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1915928</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1723204</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1480116</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1232680</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0002007919-24-000058.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160255
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0002007919-24-000058
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002007919
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				990613523
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42031
		FILM NUMBER:		241461638

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11025 N. TORREY PINES ROAD, SUITE 140
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 795-4220

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11025 N. TORREY PINES ROAD, SUITE 140
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ibex SpinCo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0002007919-24-000058.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 inhibrx-20240930.htm
 10-Q

inhibrx-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 

(Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 , 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 8, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or this Quarterly Report, contains express and implied forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this Quarterly Report to we, us and our are to the consolidated business of Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc., or the Company, or Inhibrx Biosciences. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, design, seek, should, target, will, would, or the negative of these words or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 the design, initiation, timing, progress, results and costs of our research and development programs as well as our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 our ability to advance therapeutic candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials; 
 our interpretation of initial, interim or preliminary data from our clinical trials, including interpretations regarding disease control and disease response; 
 the potential benefits of regulatory designations; 
 the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals; 
 the safety and therapeutic benefits of our therapeutic candidates; 
 the commercialization of our therapeutic candidates, if approved; 
 the pricing, coverage and reimbursement of our therapeutic candidates, if approved; 
 our ability to utilize our technology platform to generate and advance additional therapeutic candidates; 
 the implementation of our business model and strategic plans for our business and therapeutic candidates; 
 our ability to successfully manufacture our therapeutic candidates for clinical trials and commercial use, if approved; 
 our ability to contract with third-party suppliers and manufacturers and their ability to perform adequately; 
 the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our therapeutic candidates; 
 our ability to enter into strategic partnerships and the potential benefits of such partnerships; 
 future results of operations and financial position and our estimates regarding expenses, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 
 our ability to raise funds needed to satisfy our capital requirements, which may depend on financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, over which we may have no or limited control; 
 our financial performance; 
 our and our third-party partners and service providers ability to continue operations and advance our therapeutic candidates through clinical trials, as well as the ability of our third party manufacturers to provide the required raw materials, antibodies and other biologics for our preclinical research and clinical trials, in light of the current market conditions or any pandemics, regional conflicts, sanctions, labor conditions, geopolitical events, natural disasters or extreme weather events; 
 our ability to retain the continued service of our key professionals and to identify, hire and retain additional qualified professionals; and 
 developments relating to our competitors and our industry. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described under the section entitled Risk Factors in Exhibit 99.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended (File No. 001-42031), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and declared effective by the SEC on May 24, 2024, or the Form 10. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Quarterly Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and 
 1 

adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our current beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Quarterly Report to conform these statements to new information, actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 
 You should read this Quarterly Report and the documents that we file with the SEC with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, which is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 This Quarterly Report includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience, trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Quarterly Report appear without the and symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks and tradenames. 
 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 8 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 40 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 Part II. Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 41 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 41 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 42 
 Signatures 
 43 

3 

Part I Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share data and par value) (Unaudited) 
 SEPTEMBER 30, DECEMBER 31, 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Receivables from related parties Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating right-of-use asset 
 Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current portion of operating lease liability 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt, including final payment fee Non-current portion of operating lease liability 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) 
 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: License fee revenue Total revenue Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Gain related to transaction with Acquirer 
 Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net ) ) Total other income (expense) ) ) Income (loss) before income tax expense ) ) ) Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) ) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share 
 Basic 
 ) ) ) Diluted 
 ) ) ) Shares used in computing earnings (loss) per share 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (In thousands) (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock (Shares) Common Stock (Amount) Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of shares upon exercise of stock options Net loss ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of shares upon exercise of stock options Issuance of shares upon exercise of warrants Acquisition of Former Parent s common stock, stock options, and warrants by the Acquirer 
 ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of shares in Distribution Net income 
 Balance as of June 30, 2024 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 6 

Common Stock (Shares) Common Stock (Amount) Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of shares upon exercise of stock options Net loss ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of shares upon exercise of stock options Net loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of shares upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in private placement, net of issuance costs Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Accretion of debt discount and non-cash interest expense Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash lease expense Loss on disposal of fixed assets Non-cash gain on transaction with Acquirer 
 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Receivables from related parties ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other non-current assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses Operating lease liability ) ) Deferred revenue, current portion ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of fixed assets ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in private placement 
 Issuance costs associated with issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in private placement ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities Payable for purchase of fixed assets Issuance costs associated with the issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in private placement in accounts payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 Separation and Distribution 
 In January 2024, Inhibrx, Inc., or the Former Parent, announced its intent, as approved by its board of directors, to effect the spin-off of INBRX-101, an optimized, recombinant alpha-1 antitrypsin, or AAT, augmentation therapy in a registrational trial for the treatment of patients with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. The Former Parent and the Company signed an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 22, 2024, or the Merger Agreement, with Aventis Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation, or the Acquirer, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sanofi S.A., or Sanofi, and Art Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or the Merger Sub, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquirer, along with a Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2024, by and among the Former Parent, the Company and Acquirer. The Merger Agreement provided for the acquisition by Acquirer of the Former Parent, or the Merger, to be accomplished through the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Former Parent with the Former Parent continuing as the surviving entity. 
 On May 29, 2024, the Former Parent completed a distribution to holders of its shares of common stock of of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, or the Distribution. On May 30, 2024, the Former Parent completed the Merger, pursuant to which (i) all assets and liabilities primarily related to INBRX-101, or the 101 Business, were transferred to the Acquirer, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sanofi; and (ii) by way of a series of internal restructuring transactions, or the Separation, the Company acquired the assets and liabilities and corporate infrastructure associated with its ongoing programs, INBRX-106 and ozekibart (INBRX-109), and its discovery pipeline, as well as the remaining close-out obligations related to its previously terminated program, INBRX-105. Upon the closing of the Merger, the Company became a stand-alone, publicly traded company. 
 In connection with the foregoing transactions, each Former Parent stockholder received: (i) per share in cash, (ii) contingent value right per share, representing the right to receive a contingent payment of in cash upon the achievement of a regulatory milestone, and (iii) one SEC-registered, publicly listed, share of Inhibrx Biosciences 
 9 

shares of the Former Parent s common stock held. The Acquirer retained an equity interest in the Company of upon the Distribution. 
 The Acquirer paid transaction consideration of billion, including the per share consideration and the assumption of the Company s third-party debt. See Note 3 for further discussion on the extinguishment of the Company s Amended 2020 Loans with Oxford (as defined below). In addition, the Acquirer assumed all assets and liabilities under contracts primarily related to INBRX-101 upon close of the Merger. The Acquirer also reimbursed the Company or paid on behalf of the Company million in transaction costs. The Acquirer may pay an additional million in consideration under the contingent value rights issued upon the achievement of a regulatory milestone. 
 Notwithstanding the legal form of the spin-off, the Separation and Distribution is being treated as a reverse spin-off for financial accounting and reporting purposes in accordance with ASC 505-60, Spinoffs and Reverse Spinoffs because (i) a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Acquirer merged with and into the Former Parent immediately following the Distribution; (ii) no senior management of the Former Parent were retained by the Former Parent following the Distribution; and (iii) the size of the Company s operations relative to the 101 Business. As a reverse spin-off, the Company considers Inhibrx Biosciences as the accounting spinnor of the Former Parent, and the accounting successor to the Former Parent. Therefore, for periods prior to the spin-off, the Company s financial statements are the historical financial statements of the Former Parent. For such periods, descriptions of historical business activities are presented as if the spin-off had already occurred, and the Former Parent s activities related to such assets and liabilities had been performed by the Company. In addition, for all periods prior to the spin-off, all outstanding shares referenced in these financial statements are those shares outstanding of the Former Parent at each respective date, unless otherwise indicated as adjusted for the distribution ratio. Following the spin-off, all outstanding shares referenced are those of the Company, which, as discussed above, were issued on a four-to-one ratio of the Former Parent s outstanding shares. 
 The Company evaluated the sale of the 101 Business in accordance with ASC 205-20, Discontinued Operation s, and determined that the Separation does not represent a strategic shift and thus does not qualify as a discontinued operation. The Company next evaluated the sale of the 101 Business in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations , and determined that the 101 Business does not meet the definition of a business, given that substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets transferred is concentrated in one asset. The Company then evaluated the transaction under ASC 845, Nonmonetary Transactions , which contains guidance on the accounting for the distribution of nonmonetary assets to stockholders of an entity in a spin-off. In accordance with this guidance, the disposal of the 101 Business has been accounted for as a dividend-in-kind, with a gain recognized for the difference between the fair value and carrying value of the disposed assets. 
 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which consists of the following components (in thousands): NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 Merger consideration for common stock, warrants, and stock options Book value of Amended 2020 Loans assumed by Acquirer Book value of net assets and liabilities related to INBRX-101 assumed by Acquirer Transaction costs paid by Acquirer Total gain recognized 
 The gain related to the Merger consideration payable to shareholders of billion was recorded, net of consideration allocated to the shares issued to Acquirer, through a reduction to retained earnings of billion, representing the amount of retained earnings available at the closing of the Merger, with the remaining amount of million recorded through additional paid-in capital. 
 10 

million and cash and cash equivalents of million. From its inception and through September 30, 2024, the Company has devoted substantially all of its efforts to therapeutic drug discovery and development, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, enabling manufacturing activities in support of its therapeutic candidates, pre-commercialization activities, organizing and staffing the Company, establishing its intellectual property portfolio and raising capital to support and expand these activities. 
 The Company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund the Company s operations for at least 12 months from the date these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company plans to finance its future cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses, strategic transactions and other similar arrangements. 
 If the Company does raise additional capital through public or private equity or convertible debt offerings, the ownership interests of its existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of those securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect its stockholders rights. If the Company raises capital through additional debt financings, it may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting its ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt or making certain capital expenditures. To the extent that the Company raises additional capital through strategic licensing, collaboration or other similar agreements, it may have to relinquish valuable rights to its therapeutic candidates, future revenue streams or research programs at an earlier stage of development or on less favorable terms than it would otherwise choose, or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to the Company. There can be no assurance as to the availability or terms upon which such financing and capital might be available in the future. If the Company is unable to secure adequate additional funding, it will need to reevaluate its operating plan and may be forced to make reductions in spending, extend payment terms with suppliers, liquidate assets where possible, delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of its development programs, or relinquish rights to its technology on less favorable terms than it would otherwise choose. These actions could materially impact its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The rules and regulations of the SEC or any other regulatory agencies may restrict the Company s ability to conduct certain types of financing activities, or may affect the timing of and amounts it can raise by undertaking such activities. 
 11 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held investments in debt securities. The Company s long-term debt outstanding as of December 31, 2023 was classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

12 

Warrants to purchase common stock Total 
 In periods in which the Company has a net loss, basic loss per share and diluted loss per share are identical since the effect of potentially dilutive common shares is anti-dilutive and therefore excluded. Accordingly, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there is no difference in the number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted shares outstanding. 
 Warrants to purchase common stock Total 
 segment which develops biologic therapeutic candidates. Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision-maker in making decisions regarding resource allocation and assessing performance. 
 13 

2. 
 Clinical drug substance and product manufacturing (2) 
 Licenses Outside research and development services (3) 
 Other Prepaid expense and other current assets 
 (1) Relates primarily to the Company s prepayments to third-party CROs for management of clinical trials and prepayments for drug supply to be used in combination with the Company s therapeutics. See Accrued Research and Development Clinical Trial Costs in Note 1 for further discussion of the components of research and development. 
 (2) Relates primarily to the Company s usage of third-party CDMOs for clinical and development efforts. See Accrued Research and Development Clinical Trial Costs in Note 1 for further discussion of the components of research and development. 
 
 14 

Furniture, fixtures, and other Leasehold improvements Computer software Construction in process (1) 
 Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023, consists of renovations to the Company s office space and software not yet placed in service. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Research and development General and administrative Total depreciation and amortization expense 
 Accrued Expenses 
 Clinical drug substance and product manufacturing (2) 
 Other outside research and development (3) 
 Compensation-related Professional fees Interest expense Other Accrued expenses 
 (1) Relates primarily to the Company s usage of third-party CROs for management of clinical trials. See Accrued Research and Development Clinical Trial Costs in Note 1 for further discussion of the components of research and development. 
 (2) Relates primarily to the Company s usage of third-party CDMOs for clinical and development efforts. See Accrued Research and Development Clinical Trial Costs in Note 1 for further discussion of the components of research and development. 
 
 15 

3. 
 million over tranches, or Terms A-G. 
 Prior to the Separation, the outstanding term loans were to mature on January 1, 2027, or the Amended Maturity Date. Under the Amended 2020 Loan Agreement, and through the Separation, the repayment schedule provided for interest-only payments through February 1, 2025, followed by months of principal and interest payments. Upon the Amended Maturity Date, a final payment of of the original principal amount would be due to Oxford. This final payment of million was being accreted over the life of the Amended 2020 Loan Agreement using the effective interest method. The Company had the option to prepay the outstanding balance of the term loans in full prior to the Amended Maturity Date, subject to a prepayment fee ranging from to , depending upon the timing of the prepayment. 
 In connection with the Separation, the Company s outstanding debt was assumed by the Acquirer. Prior to the close of the Merger, the Company had million in gross principal outstanding in term loans under the Amended 2020 Loan Agreement. The Acquirer assumed the outstanding debt balance in full, consisting of the million in gross principal, the million final payment fee, and accrued interest of million, net of debt discounts of million. 
 The Company determined the Acquirer s assumption and subsequent repayment of the outstanding debt constitutes an extinguishment of the debt as the Company has been legally released from being the primary obligor under the liability. The Company did not make any payment upon the extinguishment of the debt and did not incur any prepayment penalties. Upon the Acquirer s assumption of the outstanding debt, the Company recorded a gain of million, the net carrying amount of the Amended 2020 Loans upon extinguishment, within the gain related to transaction with Acquirer in its condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Interest Expense 
 Prior to the Separation, interest expense was calculated using the effective interest method and was inclusive of non-cash amortization of the debt discount and accretion of the final payment. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense was million, million of which related to non-cash amortization of the debt discount and accretion of the final payment. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, interest expense was million, million of which related to non-cash amortization of the debt discount and accretion of the final payment. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, interest expense was million, million of which related to non-cash amortization of the debt discount and accretion of the final payment. The Company did incur any interest expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 4. 
 shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock, each with a par value of per share. 
 Common Stock 
 Following the Distribution and as of May 29, 2024, the Company had shares of common stock outstanding. The Company issued one SEC-registered, publicly listed, share of Inhibrx Biosciences for every shares of the Former Parent s common stock held, resulting in shares of common stock issued to common stockholders of the Former Parent. Upon the Distribution, the Former Parent retained an equity interest in the Company of , or shares. The Company issued shares of common stock to Oxford in connection with the Oxford Warrants (as defined below) in the Distribution. 
 16 

shares of the Company s common stock for per share and, with respect to certain Purchasers, pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in a private placement transaction, or the Private Placement. The purchase price of the pre-funded warrants was per pre-funded warrant, with an exercise price of per share. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately million from the Private Placement, before deducting million of offering expenses payable by the Company. The pre-funded warrants were equity-classified and carried at the instruments fair value upon issuance. The pre-funded warrants were exercisable upon issuance pursuant to certain beneficial ownership limitations as defined in the Purchase Agreement and will expire when exercised in full. During the second quarter of 2024, certain Purchasers exercised pre-funded warrants on a cashless basis for a net of shares of the Former Parent s common stock. 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Former Parent entered into an Agreement Relating to the Pre-Funded Warrant to Purchase Common Stock and Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2024, by and between the Former Parent and each holder of the pre-funded warrants purchased in the Private Placement so that on the date of the Distribution, any remaining pre-funded warrants of the Former Parent not already exercised to purchase the Former Parent s common stock became exercisable for an equivalent number of shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share, pursuant to certain beneficial ownership limitations. The Company has evaluated the amendment and accounted for this as a modification to the original Purchase Agreement. 
 As part of the Separation and Distribution, each holder of outstanding pre-funded warrants received (i) per pre-funded warrant in cash, less the applicable exercise price per share, (ii) contingent value right per share, representing the right to receive a contingent payment of in cash upon the achievement of a regulatory milestone, and (iii) one pre-funded warrant of Inhibrx Biosciences for every of the Former Parent s pre-funded warrants held. Following the Separation and Distribution and as of September 30, 2024, pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock are outstanding at an exercise price of per share. The pre-funded warrants are exercisable upon issuance pursuant to certain beneficial ownership limitations as defined in the Purchase Agreement, as amended, and will expire when exercised in full. 
 Warrants Issued in Connection with Amended 2020 Loan Agreement 
 Prior to the Separation and Distribution, the 
 2022 Oxford Warrants February 18, 2032 
 As part of the Separation and Distribution, each holder of eligible outstanding warrants received (i) per warrant in cash, less the applicable exercise price per share (ii) contingent value right per share, representing the right to receive a contingent payment of in cash upon the achievement of a regulatory milestone, and (iii) one SEC-registered, publicly listed, share of Inhibrx Biosciences for every of the Former Parent s warrants held. All outstanding warrants with an exercise price which exceeded the total consideration of were canceled upon the Merger for no consideration. 
 As of September 30, 2024, Oxford Warrants were outstanding. 
 17 

Shares available for future equity grants Pre-funded warrants issued and outstanding Warrants issued and outstanding Total common stock reserved for future issuance 
 
 5. 
 vesting with a cliff and had a contractual term of years. 
 Exercised ) Forfeited ) Settled in connection with the Merger ) Canceled in connection with the Merger ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised and outstanding was calculated using the fair value of common stock on the date of exercise and the fair value of common stock as of September 30, 2024, respectively. The total fair value of stock options vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Following the Merger and as of May 30, 2024, no stock options remained outstanding under the 2017 Plan. 
 Settlement of Stock Options Upon Merger 
 All outstanding options with an exercise price less than or equal to the total consideration of vested immediately upon the Merger and were settled for the consideration of: (i) per share in cash, less the applicable exercise price of their stock option and (ii) contingent value right per share, representing the right to 
 18 

in cash upon the achievement of a regulatory milestone. In connection with the acceleration of the eligible stock options, the Company recognized million in stock compensation expense. 
 All outstanding options with an exercise price which exceeded the total consideration of were canceled upon the Merger for no consideration. In connection with the cancellation of all unvested options with an exercise price above , the Company recognized all remaining stock compensation expense of million. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Expected term (in years) Weighted average fair value 
 The Company did grant any stock options under the 2017 Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to its stock options under the 2017 Plan following the termination of the plan subsequent to the Merger. 
 2024 Plan 
 In connection with the Separation, the Company adopted the 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, or the 2024 Plan, which provides for the issuance of incentive stock options, restricted and unrestricted stock awards, and other stock-based awards. As of September 30, 2024, an aggregate of million shares of common stock were authorized for issuance under the 2024 Plan, of which million remained available for issuance. 
 Stock Option Activity 
 The Company recognizes compensation costs related to stock-based awards, including stock options, based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the date of grant. The Company grants options with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s stock on the date of the option grant. The options are subject to vesting with a cliff and have a contractual term of years. 
 19 

Forfeited ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested and exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 stock options were exercised or vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company expects all outstanding stock options to vest. There was activity under the 2024 Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Expected term (in years) Weighted average fair value 
 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 There was expense incurred under the 2024 Plan during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to its stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 20 

6. 
 Other 
 Total license fee revenue 
 License and Collaboration Agreements 
 Regeneron 
 In June 2020, the Company entered into an Option and License Agreement with bluebird bio, Inc., or bluebird, pursuant to which the Company granted to bluebird exclusive worldwide rights to develop binders and cell therapy products containing single domain antibodies, or sdAbs, directed to specified targets, consisting of initial programs and up to an additional programs. The Company retained all rights to the specific sdAbs outside of the cell therapy field. In November 2021, this agreement was assigned to 2seventy bio, Inc., or 2seventy, in connection with bluebird s internal restructuring and subsequent spin-out of 2seventy, and subsequently in April 2024, this agreement, or the 2020 Regeneron Agreement, was assigned to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Regeneron, in connection with the divestiture of 2seventy s oncology and autoimmune pipeline to Regeneron. 
 In June 2022, 2seventy selected a third program and paid a non-refundable upfront option fee of million in exchange for a development license. The Company granted an option in which Regeneron may acquire an exclusive license with respect to all binders and cell therapy products developed under this agreement, which entitles the Company to additional fees upon exercise of the option. In connection with each program for which Regeneron exercises its option, Regeneron will be required to pay the Company a one-time, non-refundable, non-creditable fee in the low-single-digit millions. The Company is also entitled to receive certain developmental milestone payments of up to an aggregate of million per therapeutic, as well as percentage tiered royalties on future product sales with rates in the mid-single digits. Due to the uncertainty in the achievement of the developmental milestones and future sales, the variable consideration associated with the future milestone payments has been fully constrained (excluded) from the transaction price until such time that the Company concludes that it is probable that a significant reversal of previously recognized revenue will not occur. These estimates will be re-assessed at each reporting period. 
 In June 2022, pursuant to the terms regarding the addition of new programs in the 2020 Regeneron Agreement, the Company received a million upfront option fee related to the selection of a third program and transferred the related know-how and development license. The Company recognized the million of revenue at the point in time in which the program was added and the program term began. In May 2024, pursuant to the option extension terms in the 2020 Regeneron Agreement, Regeneron requested to extend the option term for this program by an additional six months in exchange for an option extension fee of million. The Company recognized the million of revenue related to this extension at the point in time in which the extension was granted. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million of revenue related to this agreement. The Company did t recognize any revenue under this agreement during the three months ended September 30, 2024 or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 7. 
 21 

of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, or the Distribution. The Former Parent retained an equity interest in the Company of , or shares upon the Distribution. Accordingly, the Company identified the Acquirer as a related party following the Merger with the Former Parent. 
 Transition Services Agreement 
 In connection with the Separation, the Company also entered into the Transition Services Agreement with the Former Parent under which the Company or one of its affiliates provide the Former Parent or other Sanofi entities with certain transition services for a limited time to ensure an orderly transition following the Separation. The services that the Company agreed to provide to the Former Parent or other Sanofi entities under the Transition Services Agreement include certain finance and accounting, including payroll, tax, and procurement, information technology, legal and intellectual property, clinical study support, technical operations, regulatory, quality assurance, commercial and medical affairs, and other services. The Former Parent pays the Company for any such services received by the Former Parent or other Sanofi entities, as applicable, at agreed amounts as set forth in the Transition Services Agreement. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company billed the Former Parent for million and million, respectively, for services performed under the Transition Services Agreement. The Company recognized this amount as other income. The Company has received million, and the remaining balance of million is recorded as receivables from related parties in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. 
 Additionally, the Transition Services Agreement requires the Former Parent to reimburse the Company for certain severance payments made by the Company to certain Company employees whose employment was terminated as a result of the Merger. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company billed the Former Parent for million of severance payments to former employees. The Company has received million, and the remaining balance of million is recorded as receivables from related parties in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. 
 Pharmacovigilance Agreement 
 In connection with the Separation, the Company entered into a Pharmacovigilance Agreement with the Former Parent, pursuant to which the parties agreed to implement processes and procedures for sharing information as required for each party s compliance with its regulatory and pharmacovigilance responsibilities. 
 
 8. 
 lease agreement as its sole location in La Jolla, California. The lease expires in June 2025 with an option to extend the lease an additional , which is not included in the right-of-use asset and lease liabilities. The lease contained an initial base rent of approximately million per month with annual escalations, plus a percentage of taxes and operating expenses incurred by the lessor in connection with the ownership and management of the property, the latter of which to be determined annually. 
 In May 2019, the Company executed an amendment to its lease agreement to expand its facilities and began occupying this space in January 2020. The amended lease terminates coterminously with the initial lease agreement and contains an initial base rent of approximately per month with annual escalations, plus a percentage of taxes and operating expenses incurred by the lessor in connection with the ownership and management of the property, the latter of which is to be determined annually. 
 22 

Operating lease liability Current Non-current Total operating lease liability 
 During each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized operating lease expense of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized operating lease expense of million and million, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company paid million and million in cash for amounts included in the measurement of the operating lease liability, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company paid million and million in cash for amounts included in the measurement of the operating lease liability, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s operating lease had a remaining term of years and years, respectively. The Company discounts its lease payments using its incremental borrowing rate as of the commencement of the lease. The Company determined a weighted-average discount rate of as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 2025 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Current portion of operating lease liability 
 
 9. 
 23 

10. 
 lease agreement for its sole location in La Jolla, California, which the Company currently occupies under existing lease agreements expiring June 30, 2025. The new lease term begins on July 1, 2025 and expires on June 30, 2028 with an option to extend the lease an additional . The lease contains an initial base rent of million per month with annual escalations, plus a percentage of taxes and operating expenses incurred by the lessor in connection with the ownership and management of the property, the latter of which is to be determined annually. In addition, the lease provides for a rent abatement period of approximately million. This abatement will be applied to the existing lease agreements beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 24 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report, and our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both of which are contained in the Form 10. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties, including those described in the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. As a result of many factors, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a pipeline of novel biologic therapeutic candidates, developed using our proprietary modular protein engineering platforms. We leverage our innovative protein engineering technologies and deep understanding of target biology to create therapeutic candidates with attributes and mechanisms superior to current approaches and applicable to a range of challenging, validated targets with high potential. 
 Separation from Former Parent 
 In January 2024, Inhibrx, Inc., or the Former Parent, announced its intent, as approved by its board of directors, to effect the spin-off of INBRX-101, an optimized, recombinant alpha-1 antitrypsin, or AAT, augmentation therapy in a registrational trial for the treatment of patients with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. On May 29, 2024, the Former Parent completed a distribution to holders of its shares of common stock of 92 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, or the Distribution. On May 30, 2024, the Former Parent completed a series of internal restructuring transactions, or the Separation. 
 On May 30, 2024, the Former Parent completed the Merger, pursuant to which (i) all assets and liabilities primarily related to INBRX-101, or the 101 Business, were transferred to Aventis Inc., or the Acquirer, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sanofi S.A., or Sanofi; and (ii) by way of the Separation, the Company acquired the assets and liabilities and corporate infrastructure associated with its ongoing programs, INBRX-106 and ozekibart (INBRX-109), and its discovery pipeline, as well as the remaining close-out obligations related to its previously terminated program, INBRX-105. 
 Upon the closing, each Former Parent stockholder received: (i) 30.00 per share in cash, (ii) one contingent value right per share, representing the right to receive a contingent payment of 5.00 in cash upon the achievement of a regulatory milestone, and (iii) one SEC-registered, publicly listed, share of Inhibrx Biosciences for every four shares of the Former Parent s common stock held. 
 From and after the closing, Inhibrx Biosciences continues to operate as a stand-alone, publicly traded company focused on ozekibart (INBRX-109) and INBRX-106. 
 For periods prior to the spin-off, descriptions of historical business activities are presented as if the spin-off had already occurred, and the Former Parent s activities related to such assets and liabilities had been performed by the Company. Refer to Note 1 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for further discussion of the underlying basis used to prepare the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. The operating results presented in the Company s historical financial statements prior to the Merger and in connection with the Separation and the Merger may not be indicative of the results of the Company following the Merger and Separation. 
 Transactions with Related Parties 
 We have entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement and various agreements relating to transition services, licenses and certain other matters with the Former Parent. These agreements govern our relationship with the Former Parent prior to, at and after the Former Parent completed a distribution to holders of its shares of 
 25 

common stock of 92 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, or the Distribution. These agreements include the allocation of employee benefits, taxes and certain other liabilities and obligations attributable to periods prior to, at and after the Distribution. We have agreed to provide the Former Parent with indemnities with respect to liabilities arising out of our business, and the Former Parent has agreed to provide us with indemnities with respect to liabilities arising out of the business retained by the Former Parent. These agreements also include arrangements with respect to support services and a number of on-going commercial relationships. The terms of these agreements, including amounts billed during the period, are discussed in greater detail in Note 7 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 Current Clinical Pipeline 
 Our current clinical pipeline of therapeutic candidates includes ozekibart (INBRX-109) and INBRX-106, both of which utilize our multivalent formats where the precise valency can be optimized in a target-centric way to mediate what we believe to be the most appropriate agonist function: 

ozekibart (INBRX-109) INBRX-106 Tetravalent DR5 agonist Hexavalent OX40 agonist 
 Program Therapeutic Area Target(s)/Format STAGE OF DEVELOPMENT Preclinical Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3 ozekibart (INBRX-109) Oncology DR5 Tetravalent Agonist INBRX-106 Oncology OX40 Hexavalent Agonist 
 __________________ 
 Currently being investigated in chondrosarcoma, Ewing sarcoma, colorectal cancer, and certain other solid tumor types. 
 Currently being investigated in patients with non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC, and head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, or HNSCC. 
 
 ozekibart (INBRX-109) 
 ozekibart (INBRX-109) is a tetravalent death receptor 5, or DR5, agonist currently being evaluated in patients diagnosed with difficult-to-treat cancers, such as chondrosarcoma, mesothelioma, colorectal cancer, Ewing sarcoma and pancreatic adenocarcinoma. 
 26 

Chondrosarcoma 
 In June 2021, based on the initial Phase 1 data results, we initiated a registration-enabling Phase 2 trial for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic conventional chondrosarcoma for which the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, granted orphan drug designation in November 2021 and August 2022, respectively. The primary endpoint for this Phase 2 trial is progression-free survival, or PFS. Data from the registration-enabling Phase 2 trial in unresectable or metastatic conventional chondrosarcoma is expected during the middle of 2025. 
 Ewing sarcoma and colorectal adenocarcinoma 
 On November 2, 2023, we announced preliminary efficacy and safety data from the Phase 1 trial of ozekibart (INBRX-109) in combination with Irinotecan, or IRI, and Temozolomide, or TMZ, for the treatment of advanced or metastatic, unresectable Ewing sarcoma. Overall, ozekibart (INBRX-109) in combination with IRI/TMZ was well tolerated from a safety perspective. Based on this preliminary data, the ongoing Phase 1/2 trial in the Ewing sarcoma cohort was expanded. We are also in the process of expanding the cohort for colorectal adenocarcinoma. The data from both of these cohorts is expected during the middle of 2025. 
 INBRX-106 
 INBRX-106 is a precisely engineered hexavalent sdAb-based therapeutic candidate targeting OX40, designed to be an optimized agonist of this co-stimulatory receptor. It is currently being investigated as a single agent and in combination with Keytruda in patients with locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors. Parts 1 and 3, dose escalation as a single agent and in combination with Keytruda, have been completed. We observed durable responses across multiple tumor types. 
 In Part 4 of the Phase 1/2 trial, we continue to enroll patients with NSCLC and HNSCC, both in combination with Keytruda. In one cohort, we are investigating NSCLC patients who all had previous checkpoint inhibitor exposure and have a PDL-1 tumor proportion score, or TPS, of greater than 50 . We have also expanded the HNSCC cohort, which is evaluating HNSCC patients who are CPI naive with a combined positive score, or CPS, of greater than one. Primary endpoints for these cohorts are objective response rate, or ORR, disease control rate, or DCR, duration of response, or DOR, and safety. In addition, a new cohort has been initiated in NSCLC to evaluate chemotherapy when used in conjunction with the INBRX-106 and Keytruda combination. The primary endpoint for this cohort is safety. We expect to have a more mature dataset on all three cohorts during the second half of 2025 and plan to provide an update at that time. 
 In June 2024, a seamless Phase 2/3 clinical trial was initiated for INBRX-106 in combination with Keytruda as a first-line treatment for patients with local advanced recurrent or metastatic head HNSCC. This trial recruits patients who have not received prior checkpoint inhibitors and whose tumors express a PDL-1 CPS equal to or greater than 20. We plan to enroll approximately 60 patients in the Phase 2 portion with a primary endpoint of ORR supported by secondary endpoints of DOR, PFS, and safety. We expect to announce initial data on Phase 2 during the second half of 2025. If positive, we anticipate this data will ungate the Phase 3 portion, where we expect approximately 350 patients will be randomized to INBRX-106 or placebo in combination with Keytruda. The co-primary endpoints for the Phase 3 portion of the study will be PFS and overall survival. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 As of the date of this Quarterly Report, all of our revenue has been derived from licenses with collaboration partners and grant awards. We have not generated any revenue from the commercial sale of approved therapeutic products to date. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 As of the date of this Quarterly Report, our research and development expenses have related primarily to research activities, including our discovery efforts, and preclinical and clinical development and the manufacturing of our therapeutic candidates. Research and development expenses are recognized as incurred and payments made prior to 
 27 

the receipt of goods or services to be used in research and development are capitalized until the goods or services are received. 
 In accordance with the applicable accounting and regulatory requirements, we track all research and development expenses in the aggregate and do not manage or track either external or internal expenses on a program-by-program basis. External research and development expenses are instead managed and tracked by the nature of the activity, and primarily consist of contract manufacturing and clinical trial expenses. Internal research and development expenses primarily relate to personnel, early research and consumable costs, which are deployed across multiple projects under development. We manage and prioritize our research and development expenses based on scientific data, probability of successful technical development and regulatory approval, market potential and unmet medical need, among other considerations. We regularly review our research and development activities and, as necessary, reallocate resources that we believe will best support the long-term growth of our overall business. We review expenses incurred by vendor and by contract as benchmarked against the progression of our clinical and other milestones. 
 External research and development expenses consist of: 
 expenses incurred in connection with the preclinical development of our programs; 
 clinical trials of our therapeutic candidates, including under agreements with third parties, such as consultants and contract research organizations, or CROs; 
 expenses associated with the manufacturing of our therapeutic candidates under agreements with contract development and manufacturing organizations, or CDMOs; 
 expenses associated with regulatory requirements, including fees and other expenses related to our Scientific Advisory Board; and 
 other external expenses, such as laboratory services related to our discovery and development programs and other shared services. 
 Internal research and development expenses consist of: 
 salaries, benefits and other related costs, including non-cash stock-based compensation under the former Amended and Restated 2017 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2017 Plan, and the 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, or the 2024 Plan, for personnel engaged in research and development functions; 
 facilities, depreciation and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for depreciation and amortization, rent and maintenance of facilities; and 
 other internal expenses, such as laboratory supplies and other shared research and development costs. 
 We expect that research and development expense will continue to increase over the next several years as we continue development of our therapeutic candidates currently in clinical stage development, support our preclinical programs, and continue to discover new therapeutic candidates, as well as increase our headcount. In particular, clinical development of our therapeutic candidates, as opposed to preclinical development, generally has higher development costs, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. Moreover, the costs associated with our CDMOs to manufacture our therapeutic candidates and future commercial products is also much more costly as compared to early-stage preclinical development. We cannot determine with certainty the timing of initiation, the duration or the completion costs of current or future preclinical studies and clinical trials of our therapeutic candidates due to the inherently unpredictable nature of preclinical and clinical development. Preclinical and clinical development timelines, the probability of success and development costs can differ materially from expectations. We anticipate that we will make determinations as to which therapeutic candidates to pursue and how much funding to direct to each therapeutic candidate on an ongoing basis in response to the results of ongoing and future preclinical studies and clinical trials, regulatory developments and our ongoing assessments as to each therapeutic candidate s commercial potential. We will need substantial additional capital in the future to support these efforts. In addition, we cannot forecast which therapeutic candidates may be subject to future collaborations, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect our development plans and capital requirements. 
 28 

Our clinical development costs may vary significantly based on factors such as: 
 the per patient trial costs; 
 the number of trials required for approval; 
 the number of sites included in the trials; 
 the countries in which the trials are conducted; 
 the length of time required to enroll eligible patients; 
 the number of patients that participate in the trials; 
 the ability to identify patients eligible for our clinical trials; 
 the number of doses that patients receive; 
 the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients; 
 the potential additional safety monitoring requested by regulatory agencies; 
 the duration of patient participation in the trials and follow-up; 
 the cost, timing, and successful manufacturing of our therapeutic candidates; 
 the phase and development of our therapeutic candidates; 
 the efficacy and safety profile of our therapeutic candidates; 
 the timing, receipt, and terms of any approvals from applicable regulatory authorities including the FDA and non-U.S. regulators; 
 maintaining a continued acceptable safety profile of our therapeutic candidates following approval, if any; 
 significant and changing government regulation and regulatory guidance; 
 the ability to attract and retain personnel; 
 the impact of any business interruptions to our operations or to those of the third parties with whom we work; 
 the uncertainties related to potential economic downturn, inflation, interest rates, geopolitical events and widespread health events on capital and financial markets, the supply chain and our expenses; and 
 the extent to which we establish additional strategic collaborations or other arrangements. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative, or G A, expenses consist primarily of: 
 salaries, benefits and other related costs, including non-cash stock-based compensation under the former 2017 Plan and 2024 Plan, for personnel engaged in G A functions; 
 expenses incurred in connection with accounting, audit, and tax services, legal services, including costs associated with obtaining and maintaining our patent portfolio, investor relations and consulting expenses under agreements with third parties, such as consultants and contractors; 
 expenses incurred in connection with commercialization and business development activity; and 
 facilities, depreciation and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for depreciation and amortization, rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance and supplies. 
 We expect our G A expenses will continue to increase in the future to support our continued research and development activities. We expect increased costs related to pre-commercialization and business development activities, including the hiring of additional personnel as we continue to build our commercial team in preparation for our future product launches. Additionally, we expect other professional service fees to increase, including but not limited to, patent-related costs for filing, prosecution and maintenance of our therapeutic candidates, and compliance costs, accounting, legal, regulatory and tax-related services, investor and public relations and additional personnel. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest expense. Interest expense consists of interest on our former loans with Oxford incurred prior to the Merger, upon which the outstanding debt was assumed by the Acquirer. 
 Interest income. Interest income consists of interest earned on cash and cash equivalents, which include investments held during the period in highly liquid debt securities with original maturities of less than three months from our date of acquisition. 
 29 

Gain related to transaction with Acquirer. Gain related to transaction with Acquirer consists of our gain recorded in connection with the completion of the Merger during the second quarter of 2024. We do not expect future income or gains in connection with the Merger in future periods. 
 
 30 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our condensed consolidated results of operations for each of the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 
 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, CHANGE 2024 2023 ) ) Revenue: License fee revenue 119 (119) (100) Total revenue 119 (119) (100) Operating expense: Research and development 38,893 38,057 836 2 General and administrative 7,904 7,889 15 Total operating expense 46,797 45,946 851 2 Loss from operations (46,797) (45,827) (970) 2 Other income (expense) Interest expense (8,149) 8,149 (100) Interest income 2,892 2,324 568 24 Other income (expense), net 41 (135) 176 (130) Total other income (expense) 2,933 (5,960) 8,893 (149) Provision for income taxes 2 (2) (100) Net loss 
 (43,864) (51,789) 7,925 (15) 
 License Fee Revenue 
 License fee revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2023 was 0.1 million and consisted of revenue related to a former option agreement which was completed during 2023. We did not recognize any revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 The following table sets forth the primary external and internal research and development expenses (in thousands, except percentages): THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, CHANGE 2024 2023 ) ) External expenses: Contract manufacturing 10,417 10,475 (58) (1) Clinical trials 11,691 8,906 2,785 31 Other external research and development 2,836 2,878 (42) (1) Internal expenses: Personnel 10,010 12,498 (2,488) (20) Equipment, depreciation, and facility 2,583 1,760 823 47 Other internal research and development 1,356 1,540 (184) (12) Total research and development expenses 38,893 38,057 836 2 
 31 

Research and development expenses increased by 0.8 million from 38.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 38.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The overall increase was primarily due to the following factors: 
 clinical trial expense increased by 2.8 million, primarily due to the expansion of our ongoing registration-enabling Phase 2 trial for ozekibart (INBRX-109) for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic conventional chondrosarcoma and due to the expansion of our INBRX-106 Phase 1/2 trial and initiation of the Phase 2/3 trial for HNSCC, including expenses for in-house clinical trial support, offset in part by decreased expenses incurred following the termination of our INBRX-105 program, which we announced during the first quarter of 2024 and the spin-off of our INBRX-101 program, which occurred during the second quarter of 2024; 
 personnel-related expense decreased by 2.5 million, which was primarily related to a decrease in stock compensation expense as a result of less stock options outstanding under the 2024 Plan following the termination of the 2017 Plan in connection with the Merger; 
 facility and equipment-related expense increased by 0.8 million, which was attributable to expenses related to capitalized software placed in service during the current year; and 
 other research and development expense decreased by 0.2 million, which was primarily attributable to a decrease in preclinical studies, offset in part by increases in clinical consulting services. 
 G A Expense 
 G A expenses remained consistent at 7.9 million during each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the composition of these expenses fluctuated primarily due to the following factors: 
 personnel-related expenses decreased by 0.9 million, which was primarily related to a decrease in stock compensation expense as a result of less stock options outstanding under the 2024 Plan following the termination of the 2017 Plan in connection with the Merger; 
 offset by professional services-related expenses related to legal and accounting services, which increased by 1.0 million, primarily attributable to intellectual property, other general corporate matters, and legal proceedings. 
 Other income (expense) 
 Interest expense. Interest expense was 8.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023, all of which related to interest incurred and the amortization of debt discounts related to the 2020 Loan Agreement with Oxford and subsequent amendments between November 2020 and October 2022, or collectively, the Amended 2020 Loan Agreement. We did not incur any interest during the three months ended September 30, 2024 following the closing of the Merger on May 30, 2024, the date upon which the Acquirer assumed our outstanding debt. 
 Interest income. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we earned 2.9 million of interest income related to interest earned on our sweep and money market account balances. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we earned 2.3 million of interest income, which consisted of 1.7 million of interest income related to interest earned on our sweep and money market account balances and 0.6 million of interest earned on our investments in U.S. Treasury Bills. 
 32 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our condensed consolidated results of operations for each of the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 
 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, CHANGE 2024 2023 ) ) Revenue: License fee revenue 100 166 (66) (40) Total revenue 100 166 (66) (40) Operating expense: Research and development 170,376 109,549 60,827 56 General and administrative 111,244 21,549 89,695 416 Total operating expense 281,620 131,098 150,522 115 Loss from operations (281,520) (130,932) (150,588) 115 Other income (expense) Gain related to transaction with Acquirer 2,021,498 2,021,498 100 Interest expense (13,491) (23,617) 10,126 (43) Interest income 8,937 7,221 1,716 24 Other income (expense), net 
 15 (422) 437 (104) Total other income (expense) 
 2,016,959 (16,818) 2,033,777 (12,093) Provision for income taxes 2 7 (5) (71) Net income (loss) 
 1,735,437 (147,757) 1,883,194 (1,275) 
 License Fee Revenue 
 License fee revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.1 million and consisted of revenue related to our Regeneron Agreement, which we recognized following the grant of a six-month extension of the option term. License fee revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 0.2 million and consisted of revenue related to a former option agreement which was completed during 2023. 
 33 

Research and Development Expense 
 The following table sets forth the primary external and internal research and development expenses (in thousands, except percentages): 
 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, CHANGE 2024 2023 ) ) External expenses: Contract manufacturing 46,911 25,821 21,090 82 Clinical trials 39,339 30,473 8,866 29 Other external research and development 9,439 7,489 1,950 26 Internal expenses: Personnel 62,454 35,895 26,559 74 Equipment, depreciation, and facility 7,200 5,294 1,906 36 Other internal research and development 5,033 4,577 456 10 Total research and development expenses 170,376 109,549 60,827 56 
 
 Research and development expenses increased by 60.8 million from 109.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 170.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The overall increase was primarily due to the following factors: 
 contract manufacturing expense increased by 21.1 million due to the nature of the development and manufacturing activities performed during the current period at our CDMO and CRO partners supporting our clinical and preclinical therapeutic candidates, which reflect the stage-specific needs of our programs, including early and late stage drug substance clinical manufacturing, analytical development, QC testing, and stability studies, as well as drug product development, scale-up, robustness studies, and selected BLA-enabling activities; 
 clinical trial expense increased by 8.9 million, primarily due to the expansion of our ongoing registration-enabling Phase 2 trial for ozekibart (INBRX-109) for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic conventional chondrosarcoma and due to the expansion of our INBRX-106 Phase 1/2 trial and initiation of the Phase 2/3 trial for HNSCC, including expenses for in-house clinical trial support, as well as costs incurred for our registration-enabling Phase 2 trial for INBRX-101 for the treatment of emphysema due to AATD, prior to our spin-off of the INBRX-101 program during the period. These expenses were offset in part by reduced clinical expenses following the termination of our INBRX-105 program; 
 personnel-related expense increased by 26.6 million, which was primarily related to 25.9 million in stock option expense recognized upon the acceleration of outstanding options in connection with the closing of the Merger; 
 facility and equipment-related expense increased by 1.9 million, which was attributable to expenses related to capitalized software placed in service during the period; and 
 other research and development expense increased by 2.4 million, which was primarily attributable to an increase in preclinical studies and clinical consulting services. 
 G A Expense 
 G A expenses increased by 89.7 million from 21.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 111.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The overall increase during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to the following factors: 
 34 

expenses related to the Merger of 68.1 million, consisting of legal, advisory, and consulting services performed in connection to the transaction, and SEC filing fees in connection with filings related to the transaction; 
 personnel-related expenses increased by 16.4 million, which was primarily related to 15.2 million in stock option expense recognized upon the acceleration of outstanding options in connection with the close of the Merger; 
 professional services-related expenses related to legal services increased by 2.9 million, which was primarily attributable to intellectual property, other general corporate matters, and legal proceedings; and 
 pre-commercialization expenses increased by 2.2 million, primarily related to increases in consulting services and scientific publications to support our commercial operations business intelligence strategies related to ozekibart (INBRX-109) and prior to the Merger, related to INBRX-101, in addition to a focus on patient advocacy and recruitment efforts, offset in part by a decrease in market research efforts following the disposition of INBRX-101. 
 Other Expense 
 Interest expense. Interest expense decreased by 10.1 million from 23.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 13.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, all of which relates to interest incurred and the amortization of debt discounts related to the Amended 2020 Loan Agreement. The decrease in interest expense is the result of the extinguishment of the Amended 2020 Loan Agreement in connection with the Merger. We did not incur any interest following the close of the Merger on May 30, 2024, the date upon which the Acquirer assumed our outstanding debt. 
 Interest income. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we earned 8.9 million of interest income related to interest earned on our sweep and money market account balances. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we earned 7.2 million of interest income, which consisted of 2.8 million of interest income related to interest earned on our sweep and money market account balances and 4.4 million of interest earned on our investments in U.S. Treasury Bills. The increase in interest income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is the result of higher cash and cash equivalent balances, coupled with rising interest rates, generating higher returns. 
 Gain related to transaction with Acquirer. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we earned 2.0 billion of other income, consisting of gains recorded in connection with the completion of the Merger. We recorded a gain of 1.7 billion related to Merger consideration for our outstanding common stock, warrants, and stock options, in addition to 211.3 million related to the extinguishment of our Amended 2020 Loan assumed by the Acquirer. In addition to the Acquirer assuming our outstanding debt, the Acquirer assumed outstanding assets and liabilities related to INBRX-101 upon the transaction, resulting in a gain of 14.5 million. The Acquirer also reimbursed us for or paid on our behalf 68.0 million of transaction costs related to the Merger, resulting in a gain. We do not expect future income or gains in connection with the Merger in future periods. 
 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Condition 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 As of the date of this Quarterly Report, sources of capital raised to fund our operations have been comprised of the sale of equity securities, borrowings under our prior loan and security agreements, payments received from commercial partners for licensing rights to our therapeutic candidates under development, grants, and proceeds from the sale and issuance of convertible promissory notes. 
 Future Funding Requirements 
 Since our inception, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts to therapeutic drug discovery and development, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, enabling manufacturing activities in support of our therapeutic candidates, pre-commercialization activities, organizing and staffing the Company, establishing our intellectual property portfolio, and raising capital to support and expand these activities. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. Our net income or losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our clinical trials and our expenditures on other research and development activities, as well as the timing of other corporate transactions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 
 35 

we had net income of 1.7 billion following the closing of the Merger, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, our net loss was 147.8 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 58.3 million and cash and cash equivalents of 196.3 million. 
 Based upon our current operating plans, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months from the date of filing of this Form 10-Q. Our forecast of the period through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement that involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary materially. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could deplete our capital resources sooner than we expect. 
 The process of conducting preclinical studies and testing therapeutic candidates in clinical trials is costly, and the timing of progress and expenses in these studies and trials is uncertain. We expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future until, if ever, we have an approved product and can successfully commercialize it. We expect our research and development expenses to increase as we continue our development of, and seek marketing approvals for, our therapeutic candidates (especially as we move more candidates into later stages of clinical development), and begin to commercialize any approved products, if ever. At this time, we are preparing to proceed with the commercialization of certain of our therapeutic candidates, if ever approved. As a result, we will incur significant pre-commercialization expenses in preparation for launch, the outcome of which is uncertain. Additionally, if approved, we will incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing, and distribution. We also expect additional general and administrative expenses as we hire additional personnel and incur increased accounting, audit, legal, regulatory and compliance, investor and public relations expense to support our continued expansion. 
 Until such time we, if ever, can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including strategic licensing and collaborations, strategic transactions, or other similar arrangements and transactions, and from time to time, we engage in discussions with potential acquirers regarding the disposition of one or more of our therapeutic candidates. If the Company does raise additional capital through public or private equity or convertible debt offerings, the ownership interests of its existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of those securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect its stockholders rights. If the Company raises capital through additional debt financings, it may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting its ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt or making certain capital expenditures. To the extent that the Company raises additional capital through strategic licensing, collaboration or other similar agreements, it may have to relinquish valuable rights to its therapeutic candidates, future revenue streams or research programs at an earlier stage of development or on less favorable terms than it would otherwise choose, or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to the Company. However, there can be no assurance as to the availability or terms upon which such finances or capital might be available in the future. If we are unable to secure adequate additional funding, we will need to reevaluate our operating plan and may be forced to make reductions in spending, extend payment terms with suppliers, liquidate assets where possible, delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our development programs, or relinquish rights to our intellectual property on less favorable terms than we would otherwise choose. These actions could materially impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 
 Our future liquidity and capital funding requirements will depend on numerous factors, including: 
 the outcome, costs and timing of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our current or future therapeutic candidates; 
 whether and when we are able to obtain marketing approval to market any of our therapeutic candidates and the outcome of meetings with applicable regulatory agencies, including the FDA; 
 our ability to successfully commercialize, including the costs and timing of manufacturing, any therapeutic candidates that receive marketing approval; 
 the emergence and effect of competing or complementary therapeutics or therapeutic candidates; 
 our ability to maintain, expand and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, defense and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights; 
 36 

our ability to retain our current employees and the need and ability to hire additional management and scientific and medical personnel; 
 the costs and timing of establishing or securing sales and marketing capabilities if any current or future therapeutic candidate is approved; 
 the terms and timing of any strategic licensing, collaboration or other similar agreement that we have established or may establish; 
 our ability to achieve market acceptance, coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors and adequate market share and revenue for any approved therapeutics; 
 our ability to repay, refinance or restructure when payment is due any indebtedness we might incur, including in the event such indebtedness is accelerated; 
 the valuation of our capital stock; and 
 the continuing or future effects of a potential economic downturn, inflation, interest rates, geopolitical events, and widespread health events on capital and financial markets, the supply chain and our expenses. 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing and testing facilities for the production of any of our therapeutic candidates, nor do we have plans to develop our own manufacturing operations in the foreseeable future. We currently rely on a limited number of third-party contract manufacturers for all of our required raw materials, antibodies and other biologics for our preclinical research, clinical trials, and if and when applicable, commercial product, and employ internal resources to manage our manufacturing relationships with these third parties. 
 Commitments 
 Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our lease obligations and services provided by our third party CROs and CDMOs. 
 We have two leases for our laboratory and office space, which expire in 2025, with an option to extend the leases for an additional five years. As of September 30, 2024, we had future minimum rental payments under these leases of 1.9 million, all of which are classified as current. For more information regarding these lease agreements, refer to Note 8 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with CROs related to our ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials and with CDMOs for clinical supplies and manufacturing scale-up activities. These contracts are generally cancellable, with notice, at our option. We have recorded accrued expenses of approximately 21.2 million in our condensed consolidated balance sheets for expenditures incurred by CROs and CDMOs as of September 30, 2024. 
 37 

Cash Flow Summary 
 The following table sets forth a summary of the net cash flow activity for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (150,689) (136,488) Net cash used in investing activities (2,581) (1,151) Net cash provided by financing activities 71,678 201,101 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (81,592) 63,462 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 150.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and consisted primarily of net income of 1.7 billion, adjusted for non-cash items. Non-cash adjustments primarily related to gains recorded upon the Merger of 2.0 billion. Other non-cash adjustments included accretion on our debt discount and the non-cash portion of interest expense related to our debt of 2.1 million, stock-based compensation expense, including expense related to the acceleration of options upon the Merger, of 55.5 million, depreciation and amortization of 1.6 million and non-cash lease expense of 1.4 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities also contributed to the cash used in operating activities, primarily related to an increase in other non-current assets of 3.5 million due to prepayments and additional deposits we made to our CRO partners during the period. Additionally, the operating lease liability decreased by 1.3 million as a result of lease payments made throughout the period. These uses of cash were offset by increases in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 35.9 million and an increase in accounts payable of 21.0 million due to the timing of payments to our CRO and CDMO partners during the period, each of which excludes the liabilities related to INBRX-101 which were assumed by the Acquirer in the Merger. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 136.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and consisted primarily of a net loss of 147.8 million, adjusted for non-cash items including accretion on our debt discount and the non-cash portion of interest expense related to our debt of 3.7 million, stock-based compensation expense of 18.4 million, depreciation and amortization of 0.9 million and non-cash lease expense of 1.3 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities also contributed to the cash used in operating activities, primarily related to an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 19.3 million due to the prepayment of raw materials to one of our CDMO partners during the third quarter of 2023 and a decrease in accounts payable of 0.8 million. This was offset in part by an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 8.7 million due to the timing of payments to our CRO and CDMO partners during the period. Additionally, the operating lease liability decreased by 1.4 million as a result of lease payments made throughout the period, while deferred revenue decreased by 0.2 million due to the recognition of revenue under a former option agreement upon declination of the option. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 2.6 million and 1.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and was related to capital purchases of software and laboratory equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 71.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which consisted of proceeds upon the exercise of stock options. Net cash provided by financing activities was 201.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which consisted primarily of gross proceeds of 200.0 million from the issuance of our common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of our common stock in a private placement transaction, offset in part by the payment of 0.1 million of issuance costs associated with this transaction. Additionally, we received approximately 1.2 million of proceeds upon the exercise of stock options. 
 38 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in estimates are reflected in reported results for the period in which they become known. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed in our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 10. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or the JOBS Act, enacted in 2012. As such, we are eligible for exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, presenting only two years of audited financial statements, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation, and an exemption from the requirements to obtain a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. 
 In addition, an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
 Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. As such, we are eligible for exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
 We will remain a smaller reporting company as long as either: (i) the market value of the shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter; or (ii) our annual revenue is less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of the shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and their effect, if any, on us. 
 39 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation and supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were designed and operating effectively at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. In addition, the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

40 

Part II Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 Except as disclosed below, we are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors, and there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. 
 On November 4, 2024, the Company announced a legal victory in the trade secrets case brought by I-Mab Biopharma in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The jury found in favor of the Company, rejecting all allegations of misappropriation before it. I-Mab Biopharma had initiated the lawsuit on March 1, 2022, alleging that the Company and its Chief Scientific Officer, Brendan Eckelman, Ph.D., improperly accessed and used proprietary information related to several of I-Mab Biopharma s research projects during a prior arbitration proceeding involving I-Mab Biopharma, for which Dr. Eckelman served as an expert witness. However, the jury found no basis for these claims in finding in favor of the Company. Certain matters remain before the Court. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our business is subject to risks and events that, if they occur, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and the trading price of our securities. Our risk factors have not changed materially from those described in Risk Factors in Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 10. For a further discussion of risks that could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, we refer you to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280127), which was filed with the SEC on June 11, 2024 and declared effective on June 18, 2024, or the S-1. In addition to the information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the risk factors described in Risk Factors of the S-1. 
 The risks disclosed in the S-1 and information provided elsewhere in this Quarterly Report could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known or we currently deem to be immaterial may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Except for such additional information and the risk factors set forth below, we believe there have been no other material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in the S-1. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 Insider Trading Arrangements 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 41 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 (a) Exhibits. 
 Exhibit No. 
 Description of Exhibit Filed Herewith 
 Form Incorporated By Reference File No. Date Filed 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 22, 2024, by and among Inhibrx, Inc., Aventis Inc., and Art Acquisition Sub, Inc. 
 8-K 
 001-39452 
 1/23/2024 2.2 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2024, by and among Inhibrx, Inc., Ibex SpinCo, Inc., and Aventis Inc. 
 8-K 
 001-39452 
 1/23/2024 3.1 
 Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc. 
 8-K 
 001-42031 
 5/30/2024 3.2 
 Amended Restated Bylaws of Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc. 
 8-K 
 001-42031 
 5/30/2024 4.1 
 F orm of Warrant to Purchase Stock 
 10 001-42031 
 4/25/2024 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document contained in Exhibit 101 X 
 Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of any omitted exhibits or schedules upon request. Pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K, certain information from this exhibit have been redacted as their disclosure would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy. 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 42 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 INHIBRX BIOSCIENCES, INC. Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Mark P. Lappe Mark P. Lappe Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Kelly D. Deck Kelly D. Deck, C.P.A. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mark P. Lappe, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Mark P. Lappe Mark P. Lappe Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Kelly D. Deck, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Kelly D. Deck Kelly D. Deck, C.P.A. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark P. Lappe, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Mark P. Lappe Mark P. Lappe Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Inhibrx Biosciences, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kelly D. Deck, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Kelly D. Deck Kelly D. Deck, C.P.A. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 inhibrx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 inhibrx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 inhibrx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 inhibrx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 inhibrx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

