<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1834526_0001213900-24-097442.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3732470</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76794</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>872898</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>641812</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>986307</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1092285</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097442.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113160143
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097442
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GP-Act III Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001834526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42046
		FILM NUMBER:		241453873

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 430-4340

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GP Investments Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097442.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0220439-10q_gpact3.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

New York, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 13, 2024, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued
and outstanding. 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Interim Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 19 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 
 21 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 21 
 
 Part II. Other Information 
 
 22 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 22 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 22 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 22 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 22 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 22 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 22 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 23 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 
 24 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Marketable securities in trust account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Promissory note related parties 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred legal fee 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share at September 30, 2024

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding (excluding 28,750,000 shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding(1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares (1) 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Class B 
 Additional 

Ordinary shares 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 (1) 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Allocated value of transaction costs 

Accretion for Class A Ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Accretion for Class A Ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Class B 
 Additional 

Ordinary shares 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares (1) 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the nine months ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants 

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash beginning of the period 

Cash end of the period 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Deferred legal fees 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses Business Combination ). 

The Company is not limited
to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of completing a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging
growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from November 23, 2020 (inception) through September 30,
2024 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which is described
below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The
Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering.
The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The registration statement
for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on May 8, 2024. On May 13, 2024, the Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included
in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option in the amount of , at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of private placement warrants (the Private
Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to GP-Act III Sponsor LLC Sponsor Hold Co and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), see Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted
to consisting of of cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee (see additional discussion
in Note 6), and of other offering costs. 

The Company s management
has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward completing a Business Combination.
The Company must complete its initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal
to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions held in
the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, on May 13, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the trust account Trust Account and will be invested or held either (i) in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the
Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money
market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, (ii) as uninvested cash, or (iii) an
interest bearing bank demand deposit account or other accounts at a bank, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the
completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders,
as described below. No later than 24 months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the amounts held in the Trust Account
will be held as cash or cash items, including in demand deposit accounts. 

5 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. There will
be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Class A ordinary
shares were recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity at the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

If the Company seeks shareholder
approval in connection with a Business Combination, it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination,
which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who vote at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote
is not required under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote
for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender
offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, Sponsor Hold Co has agreed
to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of
approving a Business Combination and to waive its redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote
to approve a Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares, without voting, and if
they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any
affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming
its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

Sponsor Hold Co has agreed
(a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion
of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment and (iii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination. 

The Company will have 
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period to complete a Business Combination. If the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than business days thereafter, redeem of the
outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number
of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each
case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

6 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

). 

Sponsor Hold Co has agreed
that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the
Company, or by a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) per Public Share or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust
Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who
executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, Sponsor Hold Co will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek
to reduce the possibility that Sponsor Hold Co will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities
with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The United States and global
markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict
and the recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the
European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals
and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance
to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation
of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States,
the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns
that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly
unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets,
as well as supply chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could
adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the above mentioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the
Company s search for an initial business combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an
initial business combination. 

7 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

8 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

and in cash and no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

and 0 were invested in U.S. Treasury
Securities. At September 30, 2024, the Company s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account was comprised of U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less,
or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities, or a combination thereof. The Company classifies its U.S.
Treasury and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with ASC Topic 320 Investments - Debt and Equity Securities. 
Held-to-maturity securities are those securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity. Held-to-maturity
treasury securities are recorded at amortized cost on the accompanying condensed balance sheets and adjusted for the amortization or accretion
of premiums or discounts. 

9 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

Plus: 

Accretion for Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

Denominator 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

Denominator 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

10 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

. Any loss incurred or lack of access to uninsured funds could
have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

11 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of their over-allotment option in
the amount of Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one-half 
of redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary
share at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (Note 7). 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant 
in the aggregate) in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Co-Sponsor, IDS
III LLC, purchased, through Sponsor Hold Co, an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant 
in the aggregate) in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the Initial Public Offering. The Co-Sponsor, Boxcar Partners
III, LLC, purchased, through Sponsor Hold Co, an aggregate of private placement warrants at a price of per warrant 
in the aggregate) in a private placement closed simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Cantor purchased an aggregate
of Private Placement warrants at a price of per warrant in the aggregate) in a private placement that closed
simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The non-managing Hold Co investors purchased, indirectly through the purchase
of non-managing Sponsor Hold Co membership interests, Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant in a private
placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

Each Private Placement Warrant
is exercisable for Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). The proceeds from
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

12 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for Class B ordinary
shares (the Founder Shares issued to GP sponsor. On February 1, 2021, the Company effected a share surrender pursuant
to which Founder Shares were cancelled for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding.
All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender. On March 22, 2021, GP sponsor transferred
 Founder Shares to each of the independent directors then serving in such role (an aggregate of founder shares) at
their original purchase price, which shares were subsequently surrendered by these former directors on December 29, 2023, in connection
with the resignation of those independent directors. On March 22, 2021, GP sponsor transferred Founder Shares to Act III
sponsor at their original purchase price. On December 17, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization with respect to the Class B
ordinary shares of shares thereof, resulting in the Co-sponsors and the Company s independent directors at the time holding
an aggregate of Founder Shares. On December 29, 2023, the Company effected a share surrender pursuant to which 
Class B ordinary shares were canceled, resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The Founder
Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the holders thereof depending on the extent to which the
underwriter s over-allotment option is exercised, so that the number of Founder Shares will collectively represent of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. On May 13, 2024, as a result of the underwriter s
election to fully exercise its over-allotment option, the shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Sponsor Hold Co has agreed,
subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year
after the completion of a Business Combination; and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale
price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 
after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their
Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

On March 7, 2024, GP-Act
III Sponsor LLC transferred Founder Shares to directors founder shares per director) of the Company, at a price of
 per share. Each buyer paid for an aggregate purchase price of in consideration of the assignment of shares. If
the director ceases to be a director of the Company for any reason before the consummation of the Business Combination, at the Sponsor s
election, it will either repurchase the shares at the purchase price or forfeited the share back to the Company for no consideration.
The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A Ordinary Shares at the time of the Business Combination on a
one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described in the Company s certificate of incorporation. The directors have agreed to
the same terms as the initial stockholders whereby subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder
Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination; and (B) subsequent to a Business
Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted
for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
day period commencing at least after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation,
merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

The sale of the Founders
Shares to the Company s directors and director s nominees by Sponsor Hold Co is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards
is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the shares granted to the Company s directors and director
nominees was or per share. The Founders Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of
a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable
of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of May 13, 2024, the Company determined that a
Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based
compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination)
in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the
amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. 

13 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the second
anniversary of the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or (ii) the consummation of the Business Combination. 

In addition, IDS III
LLC, a co-sponsor, has agreed to loan the Company up to under an unsecured promissory note, dated December 29, 2023 (as
amended on May 13, 2024), to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. This loan is non-interest bearing,
unsecured and is due at the earlier of (i) the second anniversary of the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or (ii) the
consummation of the Business Combination. 

In addition, Boxcar Partners
Two, LLC, an affiliate of a co-sponsor, has agreed to loan the Company up to under an unsecured promissory note, dated February 15,
2024 (as amended on May 13, 2024) to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. This loan is non-interest
bearing, unsecured and is due at the earlier of (i) the second anniversary of the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or
(ii) the consummation of the Business Combination. 

As of September 30, 2024,
and December 31, 2023, the total promissory notes outstanding were and , respectively. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company entered into
an agreement, commencing on May 8, 2024, through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its
liquidation, to pay an affiliate of GPIAC II, LLC a total of up to per month for office space and administrative and support services.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred of fees for these services. There were no services
and fees incurred for the period ended December 31, 2023. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, either of Sponsor Hold Co, the Co-sponsors, any of their respective affiliates or certain
of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the
Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust
Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans.
Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with
respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans for each such person may be convertible into warrants
of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there are no Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

14 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriter had a -day
option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover the over-allotment. On May 13,
2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriter elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option
to purchase the additional Units at a price of per Unit. 

The underwriter was entitled
to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate, and was paid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of (i) per Unit sold in the base offering of the Initial Public
Offering, or in the aggregate, and (ii) per Unit sold pursuant to the underwriter s over-allotment option,
or up to an additional in the aggregate in total). The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from
the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. 

Deferred Legal Fees 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company had a total of and 0 , respectively, of deferred legal fees to be paid to the Company s
legal advisors upon consummation of the Business Combination, which is included in the accompanying balance sheet as of September 30,
2024. 

preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and
other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of per share.
Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At September 30, 2024, there were Class A
ordinary shares issued or outstanding, including 28,750,000 Class A shares subject to possible redemption. At December 31, 2023,
there were no Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding. 

Class B Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of per share.
Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

15 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

of the sum of all ordinary shares issued and
outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued
or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in a Business Combination. 

Warrants Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants.
The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years from the completion of a Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be obligated
to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public
Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating thereto is available, subject to the Company satisfying
its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for
cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants,
unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising
holder, or an exemption is available. 

The Company has agreed that
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same
to become effective within business days after the closing of a Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant
agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are, at the time of any exercise of a warrant, not listed on
a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will
not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or
qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption of Public Warrants Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 

The Company will not redeem
the warrants for cash unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares
is available throughout the -day redemption period, unless the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise
is exempt from registration under. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption
right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

16 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the public warrants.
If its management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number
of shares of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value 
in such case. 

The Company has established
the per share (as adjusted) redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the public warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and the Company issues a notice
of redemption of the Public Warrants, each Public Warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its Public Warrant prior to
the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the redemption trigger price
as well as the Public Warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

In addition, if (x) the
Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its
Initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per ordinary share (with such issue price or
effective issue price to be determined in good faith by its board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to either of Sponsor
Hold Co or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by Sponsor Hold Co or such affiliates, as applicable, prior
to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of its Initial Business Combination on the date of the
completion of its Initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A
ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial
business combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the public warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per
share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. 

The Private Placement Warrants
are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement
Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the
Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable. 

in cash and in U.S. Treasury securities. During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not withdraw any interest income from the Trust Account. 

17 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

1 

The public warrants were
valued using a Monte Carlo model. The public warrants have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement
after issuance. At May 13, 2024, of public warrants were recorded in equity. 

Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

Market pricing adjustment 

Spot price 

Discount of lack of marketability (DLOM) 

18 

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to GP-Act III Acquisition
Corp (formerly known as GP Investments Acquisition Corp. II). References to our management or our management team 
refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to GP-Act III Sponsor LLC Sponsor Hold
Co . The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in
conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained
in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are
not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and
projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements
in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion
of the Proposed Business Combination (as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives
of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, 
 intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s
current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ
materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the
Proposed Business Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final
prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section
of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention
or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
Cayman Islands on November 23, 2020, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses that we have not yet identified. We intend
to effectuate our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Units, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from November 23, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and subsequent to the Initial Public Offering,
identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial
Public Offering held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 3,656,457, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 3,799,919
, partially offset by formation and operational costs of 143,462. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 5,367,368, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 5,747,982
, partially offset by formation and operational costs of 380,614. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023, we had net loss of 616 and 1,933, respectively, which consists of formation and operational costs. 

19 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor
and loans from the Sponsor. 

Subsequent to the quarterly period covered by
this Quarterly Report, on May 13, 2024, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 28,750,000 units, which includes the full exercise
by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of 3,750,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 287,500,000.
Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 7,000,000 Private Placement Warrants to the
Sponsor Hold Co and to Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating
gross proceeds of 7,000,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering and the
private placement, a total of 287,500,000 10.00 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred transaction costs of 20,269,166
consisting of 5,000,000 of cash underwriting fee, 13,687,500 of deferred underwriting fee (see additional discussion in Note 6
of the financial statements), and 1,581,666 of other offering costs. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
cash used in operating activities was 554,783. Net income of 5,367,368 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held
in the Trust Account of 5,747,982. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 174,169 of cash for operating activities. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
cash used in operating activities was 433. Net loss of 1,933 was affected by changes in operating assets and liabilities used 1,500
of cash for operating activities. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 293,247,982 (including approximately 5,747,982 of interest income and net of unrealized losses) consisting
of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 185 days or less. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend
to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account
(less permitted withdrawals and deferred underwriting discounts and commissions), to complete our initial Business Combination. To the
extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the
remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 513,507.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and
complete a Business Combination, and to pay for directors and officers liability insurance premiums. 

In order to finance working capital deficit or
to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or
certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the
Company completes its initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial Business
Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 1,500,000 of the Working Capital
Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender.
The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our
public shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such Business Combination. 

We may need to raise additional capital through
loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and our
Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing.
If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include,
but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses.
We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time which is considered to be one year
from the date of the issuance of the unaudited condensed financial statements, the date that we will be required to cease all operations,
except for the purpose of winding up, if a Business Combination is not consummated. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not
include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary
should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

20 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an aggregate of 5,000 per month
to the affiliate of GPIAC II, LLC for office space, administrative and support services. We will begin incurring these fees on May 8,
2024 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. 

The underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee
of (i) 0.45 per Unit sold in the base offering of the Initial Public Offering, or 11,250,000 in the aggregate, and (ii) 0.65
per Unit sold pursuant to the underwriter s over-allotment option, or up to an additional 2,437,500 in the aggregate 13,687,500
in total). The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that
the Company completes an initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of condensed financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant
judgement. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed
at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to
one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, actual results could materially differ from those estimates. As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, we did not have any critical accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer
and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required
to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

21 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our final prospectus for the Initial Public Offering
filed with the SEC on May 8, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of
operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair
our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors
disclosed in our final prospectus for the Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC, except we may disclose changes to such factors or
disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On May 13, 2024, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 28,750,000 units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of
3,750,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 287,500,000. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share,
and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price
of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial Business
Combination and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor Hold Co and Cantor purchased an aggregate of 7,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per
Private Placement Warrant in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of 11.50 per shares, subject to adjustments. 

We incurred transaction costs amounting to 20,269,166
consisting of 5,000,000 of cash underwriting fee, 13,687,500 of deferred underwriting fee, and 1,581,666 of other offering costs. 

After deducting the underwriting fees (excluding
the deferred portion of 13,687,500, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, if consummated)
and the offering expenses, the total net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was 287,918,334 of which
 287,500,000 was placed in the Trust Account. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in the Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

Item 5. Other Information 

. 

22 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Link base Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Link base Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Link base Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link base Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GP-ACT III ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: November 13,
 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Antonio Bonchristiano 

Name: 
 Antonio Bonchristiano 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 13,
 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Rodrigo Boscolo 

Name: 
 Rodrigo Boscolo 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022043901ex31-1_gpact3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Antonio Bonchristiano, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of GP-Act III Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November
 13, 2024 

/s/ Antonio Bonchristiano 

Antonio Bonchristiano 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022043901ex31-2_gpact3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Rodrigo Boscolo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of GP-Act III Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November
 13, 2024 

/s/ Rodrigo Boscolo 

Rodrigo Boscolo 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022043901ex32-1_gpact3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of GP-Act
III Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Antonio Bonchristiano, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 November 13, 2024 

/s/ Antonio Bonchristiano 

Antonio Bonchristiano 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022043901ex32-2_gpact3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of GP-Act
III Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Rodrigo Boscolo, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November
 13, 2024 

/s/ Rodrigo Boscolo 

Rodrigo Boscolo 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gpat-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gpat-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gpat-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gpat-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gpat-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

