<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1009919_0001683168-24-007491.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2071203</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>49742</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>505483</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>408731</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>491350</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>574903</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-007491.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031114552
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-007491
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Invech Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001009919
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				880419476
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25553
		FILM NUMBER:		241413669

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 26496
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85255
		BUSINESS PHONE:		602-793-8058

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 26496
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85255

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Amersin Life Sciences CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HUBEI PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030409

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PAN ASIA COMMUNICATIONS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990224

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-007491.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 invech_i10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPTEMBER 2024

INVECH HOLDINGS, INC. Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____to_____ 

Commission File Number: 

Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter 

State of other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization 

IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 Address of Principal
Executive Offices ( Zip Code 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTC Markets 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As of September 30, 2024, there were shares
outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock. 

INVECH HOLDINGS, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 Financial Statements 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 

Notes to
 the Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 7 

ITEM 2. 
 Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 
 10 

ITEM 3. 
 Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 16 

ITEM 4. 
 Controls And Procedures 
 16 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 

ITEM 2. 
 Unregistered Sales Of Equity Securities And Use Of Proceeds 
 18 

ITEM 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 18 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 

ITEM 5. 
 Other Information 
 18 

ITEM 6. 
 Exhibits 
 18 

Signatures 
 19 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

INVECH HOLDINGS, INC . 

 CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Unaudited) 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 (Restated) 
 
 Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Due to a related party 

Due to a former related party 

Accruals 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders' Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized 

Series A Preferred stock, par value; shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited financial statements. 

3 

INVECH HOLDINGS, INC . 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended 
 For the Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Net Loss 

Loss per share basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares basic and diluted 

Accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited financial statements . 

4 

INVECH HOLDINGS, INC . 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 (Restated) 

Net loss 

Balance at March 31, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Preferred shares cancelled 

Preferred shares sold for cash related party 

Net loss 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Common stock issued for consulting related party 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited financial statement 

5 

INVECH HOLDINGS, INC . CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Cash advances related party 

Preferred stock sold for cash related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited financial statements. 

6 

INVECH HOLDINGS,
INC . 

 Notes to the Condensed Financial
Statements 

 September 30, 2024 

 (Unaudited) 

shares of Convertible
Series A Preferred Stock was sold to Small Cap Compliance, LLC for . These shares represent a change of control. 

With the change of control, the Company is moving
in a new direction, specializing in drafting regulatory documents and consulting for public companies. Services include FINRA corporate
filings, drafting incorporation and corporate documents, drafting OTC Markets Disclosure Statements, and general public company compliance.
The Company will act as an outside consulting firm for these services. 

cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023. 

revenue and has an accumulated deficit as of September 30, 2024. The Company requires capital for
its contemplated operational and marketing activities. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances
of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan
of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations.
These conditions and the ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The unaudited financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome
of these uncertainties. 

shares of
Preferred Stock. of those shares are designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A ). 

On January 21, 2023, shares of Series
A were sold to Small Cap Compliance, LLC SCC for . These shares represent a change of control. With the change
of control, the Company has implemented a new business plan of regulatory compliance consulting for public companies. 

On March 3, 2023, the Company cancelled the 
Series A that were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

to pay for general operating expenses. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, SCC advance the company an
additional , for a total due of as of September 30, 2024. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the
Company granted 
 shares of common stock to SCC for consulting services, for total non-cash expense of 1,000. 

Total Assets 

Current Liabilities: 

Due to related party 

Due to a former related party 
 
 (1) 

Accruals 
 
 (2) 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders' Deficit: 

Preferred stock, 0.001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized 

Series A Preferred stock, 0.001 par value; 1,000,000 shares designated; 300,000 shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, 0.001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized, 10,521,335 shares issued and outstanding 
 
 (3) 

Additional paid-in capital 
 
 (1)(3) 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 (2) 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

_________________________ 

(1) 
 
 (2) 
 
 (3) 
 
 (4) Adjust for par value of outstanding shares. 
 
 (5) Record additional audit fees. 

9 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following management s
discussion and analysis MD A should be read in conjunction with financial statements of Invech Holdings, Inc. for
the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, and the notes thereto. 

Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking
Statements 

Certain
statements contained in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including statements regarding
the development of the Company's business, the markets for the Company's products, anticipated capital expenditures, and the effects of
completed and proposed acquisitions, and other statements contained herein regarding matters that are not historical facts, are forward-looking
statements as is within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Because such statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements as set forth in this report, the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports that the Company
files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain risks and uncertainties are wholly or partially outside the control of the
Company and its management, including its ability to attract new clients; the continued success in servicing current clients; the effects
of competition in new and existing markets; fluctuation in development and operating costs; brand awareness; availability and terms of
capital; adverse publicity; acceptance of new product offerings; and changes in government regulation. Accordingly, readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's analysis only as of the date hereof. The Company
undertakes no obligation to publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements which may be made to reflect
events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

Overview 

Invech Holdings, Inc. (OTC IVHI was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 17, 1998, as Explore Technologies, Inc. 

In 1996, the Company filed a Form D under Rule
504 (b)(1)(iii) in 2013 and subsequently filed Form 10SB to register its common stock in 2002. The company became delinquent in its financials
reporting in 2005 and filed a Form 15-12G in 2006 to terminate their registration. The Company filed an S-1 registration on January 31,
2024. 

The company was a natural resource company engaged
in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. On May 17, 2002, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles
of Incorporation and changed its name to Pan Asia Communications Corp. 

On March 18, 2003, the Company changed its name
to Hubei Pharmaceutical Group, Ltd., and to Amersin Life Sciences Corporation on January 6, 2005. On March 22, 2007, the Company changed
its name to Golden Tech Group, Ltd and to MegaWin Investments, Inc. on February 21, 2018. Finally, the Company changed its name to Invech
Holdings, Inc. on July 19, 2018. 

The Company entered into a merger agreement on
May 23, 2000, with Cashsurfers, Inc., an Internet based technology business. The Company was obligated
to raise in excess of 2,500,000 by the private placement of the Company's common stock as a condition of completion of the merger. The
proceeds of the private placement would be used to fund the operation and development of the Cashsurfers business. On July 24, 2000,
the agreement was terminated because the Company was unable to raise sufficient capital required under the merger agreement and was unable
to make payment to Cashsurfers under the terms of the agreement. As a result of the merger and subsequent termination was dilution of
stock ownership percentage for our existing shareholders, increased debt, and loss of our business model. 

On October 5, 2000, the Company entered into an
Acquisition Agreement with UWANTCASH.com, Inc. whereby the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding common and preferred shares
of UWANTCASH.com, Inc. in exchange for five million shares of common stock in IVHI. The acquisition agreement was terminated on December
6, 2000. The Company has no operations at that time. As a result of the termination of a second merger within a six-month period, our
stock was further diluted, and our debt increased because we had no operations. 

10 

In 2001 the Company effected a 1 for 10 reverse
stock split and on May 15, 2002, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire the Access Network Limited subsidiary of VOIP Telecom,
Inc., in exchange for the issuance of 8,000,000 shares to shareholders and owners of Access stock and an additional 4,000,000 shares to
Keppel Corp. to extinguish a debt due by Access to Keppel. In addition, IVHI issued 2,00,000 shares as a finder s fee. Shortly after,
the Company completed a rescission agreement whereby the acquisition was cancelled. All company shares issued for debt settlements were
cancelled. 

On March 17, 2003, the Company acquired
the majority interest in Hubei Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. The Company issued 22,000,000 common shares resulting in a change in control. 

On September 10 th , 2004, the Company
entered into material agreement, to sell its 57.14 controlling interest in the Hubei Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. At that time the Company
was engaged in the acquisition and vertical integration of operating subsidiaries and controlling joint venture interests in China to
include all facets of pharmaceutical life sciences from raw materials through dosage form production and distribution. In October 2005,
the Company terminated its participation in the Hubei Tongji Benda Ebei Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. joint venture in Hubei Province, China.
As a result of the termination of the merger, our stock was further diluted, and our debt increased because we had no operations. 

Due to multiple mergers and termination of those
mergers, have historically generated negative cash flow and losses from operations and could experience negative cash flow and losses
from operations in the future. As a result of multiple mergers and termination of such mergers, the Company has accumulated liabilities
and has not generated any revenue. In the past, the Company filed Form S-8s to register stock for issuance in lieu of cash payment to
employees and consultants. In addition, the Company raised money with convertible debentures. As a result, our shareholders have been
diluted, and our stock price has been volatile, and the future of our business and continued operations are uncertain. 

Business operations for Invech Holdings, Inc.
were abandoned in 2007 and its Nevada registration was revoked. A custodianship action, as described in the subsequent paragraph, was
commenced in 2017. 

On October 17, 2017, the Eighth Judicial District
Court, Clark County, Nevada granted the Application for Appointment of Custodian as a result of the absence of a functioning board of
directors and the revocation of the Company s charter. The order appointed Small Cap Compliance, LLC (the Custodian custodian with the right to appoint officers and directors, negotiate and compromise debt, execute contracts, issue stock, and authorize
new classes of stock. 

The Eighth Judicial District Court, Clark County,
Nevada awarded custodianship to the Custodian based on the absence of a functioning board of directors, revocation of the company s
charter, and abandonment of the business. At this time, the Custodian appointed Rhonda Keaveney as sole officer and director. 

January 2018, the Custodian appointed Robert Chin
as sole officer and director. 

SCC was compensated for its role as custodian
in the amount of 120,000 shares of Convertible Preferred A Series Stock Preferred A Stock ). In January 2018, the Custodian
sold these shares to Queen Investment (HK) Ltd. for the purchase price of 35,000. The Custodian did not receive any additional compensation,
in the form of cash or stock, for custodian services. The custodianship was terminated on April 18, 2018. 

Small Cap Compliance, LLC is controlled by Rhonda
Keaveney, its sole member. 

On May 24, 2020, Queen Investment (HK) Ltd. cancelled
10,000 shares and sold 110,000 shares of Preferred A Stock and 9,006,335 shares of restricted Common Stock to ETAO Logistic Inc. for the
purchase price of 50,000. Robert Chin, sole officer and director resigned his positions and appointed Zhilian Wu and Dong Chen as officers
and directors. 

11 

On January 21, 2023, the Company issued 300,000
shares of Convertible Series A Preferred Stock to Small Cap Compliance, LLC for the purchase price of 45,000. These shares represent
the majority control. At that time the Company implemented a new business plan and IVHI is now in the business of regulatory compliance
and consulting for public companies. Mr. Wu and Mr. Chen resigned all positions with the Company and appointed Rhonda Keaveney as CEO,
Director, Secretary, and Treasurer. 

ETAO Logistic Inc. cancelled all 110,000 shares
of its Preferred A Stock on March 3, 2023 making Small Cap Compliance, LLC the sole holder of the Preferred A Stock. 

In September 2023, the Company issued 1,000,000
to Small Cap Compliance, LLC for debt paid on behalf of the Company. 

Our Present Business 

IVHI is company in the public company compliance
industry. We specialize in drafting regulatory documents and consulting for public companies. Our services include FINRA corporate filings,
drafting incorporation and corporate documents, drafting OTC Markets Disclosure Statements, and general public company compliance. IVHI
acts as an outside consulting firm for these services. 

We provide the following services to small cap
public companies. 

FINRA Corporate Actions: 

Name change 

Form 15c2-11 

Reverse stock splits 

Symbol change 

Mergers 

Domicile change 

SEC Reporting 

Edgar filings including 10-Q, 10-K, 8-K 

Form 10 and S-1 

SEC comment letters 

OTC Markets 

Disclosure Statements 

Legal opinions 

Caveat Emptor removal 

Drafting financials 

Uplisting to OTCQB and Nasdaq 

12 

Incorporating Companies 

Formation of new companies 

Redomicile 

File annual reports 

File amendments 

Internal Compliance 

Drafting board minutes 

Drafting by-laws 

Drafting Articles of Incorporation 

Drafting M A and divestiture documents 

In applying the foregoing criteria, management
will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances and make a determination based upon reasonable investigative measures and available
data. Due to our limited capital available for investigation, we may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity
to be acquired. Additionally, we will be competing against other entities that may have greater financial, technical, and managerial capabilities
for identifying and expanding our business. 

We anticipate that new business opportunities
will be made available to us through personal contacts of our directors, officers and principal stockholders, professional advisors, broker-dealers,
venture capitalists, members of the financial community and others who may present unsolicited proposals. In certain cases, we may agree
to pay a finder s fee or to otherwise compensate the persons who introduce the Company to business opportunities in which we participate. 

We expect that our due diligence will encompass,
among other things, meetings with incumbent management of the target business and inspection of its facilities, as necessary, as well
as a review of financial and other information, which is made available to the Company. This due diligence review will be conducted either
by our management or by third parties we may engage. We anticipate that we may rely on the issuance of our common stock in lieu of cash
payments for services or expenses related to any analysis. 

We may incur time and costs required to select
and evaluate our business structure and expand our business, which cannot presently be determined with any degree of certainty. Any costs
incurred with respect to the indemnification and evaluation of a prospective business that is not ultimately completed may result in a
loss to the Company. These fees may include legal costs, accounting costs, finder s fees, consultant s fees and other related
expenses. We have no present arrangements for any of these types of fees. 

We anticipate that the investigation of specific
business opportunities and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants, attorneys, consultants, and others. Costs
may be incurred in the investigation process, which may not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached for the participation
in a specific business opportunity, the failure to consummate that transaction may result in a loss to the Company of the related costs
incurred. 

On September 10, 2023, IVHI executed a Consulting
Service Agreement Agreement with Invech Consulting Corporation ICC whereby ICC will market IVHI to prospective
clients and draft the documents for public company compliance in exchange for 1,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted common
stock. These shares have not been issued as of this filing. 

13 

Competition 

Our company is competing with other companies
and consultants in the microcap public company compliance industry, our competition includes larger firms and sole consulting persons
that specialize in compliance. In addition, it will be difficult to get into some public companies as they have counsel on retainer to
draft documents relating to compliance. We will compete in markets where more established companies, with larger budgets and more staff,
can offer more services. We expect that the quantity and composition of our competitive environment will continue to evolve as the industry
changes. Additionally, increased competition is possible to the extent that new companies enter the marketplace as a result of continued
expansion into new geographies. We believe that diligently establishing and expanding our business on new platforms such as Instagram
and Facebook will establish us in this industry. Additionally, we expect that establishing our service offerings on new platforms are
factors that mitigate the risk associated with operating in a developing competitive environment. Additionally, the contemporaneous growth
of the industry as a whole will result in new competitors entering the marketplace. 

We are competing in the microcap public company
compliance industry; growth will be accomplished through the advertising, email campaigns, and referrals from current clients. 

Achieving this growth will increase development
costs and the cost of our services. In turn, we may not be able to meet the competitive price point dictated by the market and our competitors. 

Again, these are forward looking statements and
not an indication of past performance. There is no guarantee that we will profit from our current business model and have no merger candidates
as of the time of this filing. 

Revenue Generation 

We generate revenue by preparing compliance documents
for public companies. Revenues are generated through the preparation of SEC regulation documents such as S-1 filings, Form 10 filings,
and 8-K filings, FINRA Corporate Action filings and OTC Markets filings. 

Operations 

Our company is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona,
where our executive, administrative and operational management are based. To date, the Company has begun implementing its business plan
and is attempting to secure additional funding to continue expansion of our services and products. The Company has not had any significant
revenues generated from its business operations since inception. Until the Company is able to generate any consistent and significant
revenue, it may be required to raise additional funds by way of equity or debt financing. 

Our Market 

Microcap public company compliance is increasingly
important and expanding after amendments to Rule 15c2-11. The amendments were adopted to enhance investor protection by requiring that
microcap public companies, specifically pink sheet companies listed on OTC Markets, to become more transparent via expanded regulatory
compliance. 

14 

Results of Operations 

Introduction 

The financial statements
appearing elsewhere in this report have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company was recently
formed and has not established sufficient operations or revenues to sustain the Company. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

To date, the Company
has relied on debt and equity raised in private offerings and shareholder loans to finance operations and no other sources of capital
has been identified. If we experience a shortfall in operating capital, we could be faced with having to limit our research and development
activities. 

Results of Operations
for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 

Revenue 

For the
three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company had not generated any revenues. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 51,423 compared to 29,434 for the three months ended June 30, 2023, an increase of 27,989. 

Operating expenses increased
in 2024 due to a decrease in professional fees and other general and administrative fees incurred for this period. 

Net Loss 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company had a net loss of 51,423 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of a net loss of 29,434. 

The net loss resulted
from increase in operating expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

As of September
30, 2024, we had 0 in cash and a working capital deficit of 88,048. 

Operating Activities 

For none months ended
September 30, 2024, we used 54, 573 in operating activities as compared to 23,246 for the none months ended June 30, 2023. 

Investing Activities 

No investing activities
occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

Financing Activities 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, the Company received advances of 45,573 from a related party for working capital purposes. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2023, the Company received advances of 23,246 from a related party for working capital purposes and 40,000
from the sale of preferred stock to a related party. 

15 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

There are no off-balance
sheet arrangements with any party. 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

Our discussion and analysis
of results of operations and financial condition are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these condensed consolidated
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those
related to provisions for uncollectible accounts receivable, inventories, valuation of intangible assets and contingencies and litigation.
We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

The accounting policies
that we follow are set forth in Note 2 to our financial statements as included in the SEC report filed. These accounting policies conform
to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial
statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company, 
as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information in this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and
Procedures 

Management s
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, who are one in the same, concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management, with
the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to management
regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 

Our management, consisting
of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our
internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues, misstatements, errors, and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been or will be prevented or detected. These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error
or mistake. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any
evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks that internal controls may become inadequate as a result of
changes in conditions, or through the deterioration of the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

16 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in
the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management's Assessment Regarding Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

At the end of the period
covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision of and with the participation of our
management, including the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer of the effectiveness of the design and operations
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a 15(e) and Rule 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act) as
of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial
Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in ensuring that: (i) information required to be
disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits to the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and (ii) material information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO,
as appropriate, to allow for accurate and timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective due primarily to a material weakness in the segregation of duties in the Company s internal control
of financial reporting as discussed below. 

Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company (including its consolidated subsidiaries)
and all related information appearing in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 

Management conducted
an evaluation of the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this
report, based on the criteria in a framework developed by the Company s management pursuant to and in compliance with the criteria
established. This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, walkthroughs
of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, because management identified a material weakness in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting related to the segregation of duties as described below. 

While the Company does
adhere to internal controls and processes that were designed, it is difficult with a very limited staff to maintain appropriate segregation
of duties in the initiating and recording of transactions, thereby creating a segregation of duties weakness. Due to: (i) the significance
of segregation of duties to the preparation of reliable financial statements; (ii) the significance of potential misstatement that could
have resulted due to the deficient controls; and (iii) the absence of sufficient other mitigating controls, we determined that this control
deficiency resulted in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement or lack of disclosure within the annual or interim financial
statements may not be prevented or detected. 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

Management has evaluated,
and continues to evaluate, avenues for mitigating our internal controls weaknesses, but mitigating controls to completely mitigate internal
control weaknesses have been deemed to be impractical and prohibitively costly, due to the size of our organization at the current time.
Management expects to continue to use reasonable care in following and seeking improvements to effective internal control processes that
have been and continue to be in use at the Company. 

17 

PART II OTHER
INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

During the period ending September 30, 2024, we
are not a party to any material or legal proceeding, and, to our knowledge, none is contemplated or threatened. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

We are a smaller reporting company and, as a result,
are not required to provide the information under this item. Please review the risk factors identified in Item 1.A of our 2024 S-1 registration
statement. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company did not sell any unregistered securities. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

There have been no defaults upon senior securities. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

During the
quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement 
or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 99.1 
 
 Custodianship Records (1) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 ______________________ 

Filed Herewith. 

18 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: October 31, 2024 
 Invech Holdings, Inc. 

By: 
 /s / Rhonda Keaveney 

Name 
 Rhonda Keaveney 

Title 
 Chief Executive Officer 

19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 invech_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

INVECH HOLDINGS, INC. 
CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rhonda Keaveney, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form
10-Q of Invech Holdings, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the year covered by this report;
and 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the year presented in this report; and 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have; and 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the year in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the year covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions); and 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Rhonda Keaveney 
 
 Date: October 31, 2024 
 Name: 
 Rhonda Keaveney 

Title: 
 Chief Operating Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 invech_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

INVECH HOLDINGS, INC. 
CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rhonda Keaveney, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form
10-Q of Invech Holdings, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the year covered by this report;
and 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the year presented in this report; and 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have; and 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the year in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the year covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions); and 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

By: 
 / s/ Rhonda Keaveney 
 
 Date: October 31, 2024 
 Name: 
 Rhonda Keaveney 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 invech_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Rhonda Keaveney, Chief Operating
Officer of Invech Holdings, Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Invech
Holdings, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Invech Holdings, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Rhonda Keaveney 
 
 Date: October 31, 2024 
 Name: 
 Rhonda Keaveney 

Title: 
 Chief Operating Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 invech_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Rhonda Keaveney, Chief Financial
Officer of Invech Holdings, Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Invech
Holdings, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Invech Holdings, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Rhonda Keaveney 
 
 Date: October 31, 2024 
 Name: 
 Rhonda Keaveney 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ivhi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ivhi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ivhi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ivhi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

