<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1100682_0001100682-24-000035.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10132499</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126182</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1635126</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4043708</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2145738</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1962074</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001100682-24-000035.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106091646
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001100682-24-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001100682
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				061397316
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15943
		FILM NUMBER:		241429411

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		251 BALLARDVALE ST
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01887
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-222-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		251 BALLARDVALE ST
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01887

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000605

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991208

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001100682-24-000035.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 crl-20240928.htm
 10-Q

crl-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code): ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Ticker symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by a check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 26, 2024, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding. 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 28, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 1 Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests (Unaudited) for 
 the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 
 Overview 27 
 Results of Operations 29 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 36 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 38 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 39 
 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 39 
 4 Controls and Procedures 39 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 1 Legal Proceedings 40 
 1A Risk Factors 41 
 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 41 
 5 Other Information 41 
 6 Exhibits 42 
 Signatures 43 

1 

Special Note on Factors Affecting Future Results 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future results of Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. that are based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as expect, anticipate, target, goal, project, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate, will, likely, may, designed, would, future, can, could, and other similar expressions which are predictions of, indicate future events and trends or which do not relate to historical matters, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs and involve a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. 
 For example, we may use forward-looking statements when addressing topics such as: our expectations regarding the availability of non-human primates and our ability to diversify our non-human primate (NHP) supply chain; the outcome of (1) the U.S. government investigations and inquiries related to the NHP supply chain (including shipments of non-human primates from Cambodia received by the Company), (2) the putative securities class action lawsuit filed against us and certain current/former officers on May 19, 2023, (3) the derivative lawsuit filed against members of the Board of Directors and certain current/former officers on November 8, 2023, and (4) the derivative lawsuit filed against certain current/former members of the Board of Directors and certain current/former officers on August 2, 2024; the timing and impact of the development and implementation of enhanced procedures to reasonably ensure that non-human primates we source are purpose-bred; changes and uncertainties in the global economy and financial markets, including any changes in business, political, or economic conditions due to the November 16, 2022 announcement by the U.S. Department of Justice through the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of Florida that a Cambodian non-human primate supplier and two Cambodian officials had been criminally charged in connection with illegally importing non-human primates into the United States; client demand, particularly future demand for drug discovery and development products and services, including the outsourcing of these services; our expectations with respect to our ability to meet financial targets; our expectations regarding stock repurchases, including the number of shares to be repurchased, expected timing and duration, the amount of capital that may be expended and the treatment of repurchased shares; our ability to successfully execute our business strategy; our ability to timely build infrastructure to satisfy capacity needs and support business growth, our ability to fund our operations for the foreseeable future, the impact of unauthorized access into our information systems, including the timing and effectiveness of any enhanced security and monitoring present spending trends and other cost reduction activities by our clients; future actions by our management; the outcome of contingencies; changes in our business strategy, business practices and methods of generating revenue; the development and performance of our services and products; market and industry conditions, including competitive and pricing trends and the impact of those conditions, including on our allowances for credit losses; our strategic relationships with leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, venture capital investments, and opportunities for future similar arrangements; our cost structure; our expectations regarding our acquisitions and divestitures, including their impact and projected timing; our expectations with respect to revenue growth and operating synergies (including the impact of specific actions intended to cause related improvements); the nature, timing and impact of specific actions intended to improve overall operating efficiencies and profitability (and our ability to accommodate future demand with our infrastructure), including actions to optimize our global footprint, and gains and losses attributable to businesses we plan to close, consolidate, divest or repurpose and the impact of operations and restructuring actions (including as estimated on an annualized basis); our expectations with respect to our study cancellation rates and the impact of such cancellations; our expectations with respect to tax rates and benefits; changes in our expectations regarding future stock option, restricted stock, performance share units and other equity grants to employees and directors; expectations with respect to foreign currency exchange; assessing (or changing our assessment of) our tax positions for financial statement purposes; our liquidity; and the impact of litigation, including our ability to successfully defend litigation against us. In addition, these statements include the impact of economic and market conditions on us and our clients, the effects of our cost-saving actions and the steps to optimize returns to shareholders on an effective and timely basis; and our ability to withstand the current market conditions. 
 Forward-looking statements are predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document, or in the case of statements incorporated by reference, on the date of the document incorporated by reference. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023, under the sections entitled Our Strategy, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, under the sections entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Risk Factors, in our press releases, and other financial filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or risks. New information, future events, or risks may cause the forward-looking events we discuss in this report not to occur. 
 
 2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Service revenue Product revenue Total revenue Costs and expenses Cost of services provided (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Cost of products sold (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Operating income Other income (expense) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Charles River Laboratories International Inc. Calculation of net income per share attributable to Charles River Laboratories International Inc. common shareholders Net income attributable to Charles River Laboratories International Inc. Less: Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest Less: Incremental dividends attributed to noncontrolling interest holders Net income available to Charles River Laboratories International Inc. common shareholders Earnings per common share Basic Diluted Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding Basic Diluted See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 3 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Amortization of net loss, settlement losses, and prior service benefit included in total cost for pension and other post-retirement benefit plans Unrealized gains (losses) on hedging instruments ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before income taxes 
 ) ) Less: Income tax expense (benefit) related to items of other comprehensive income ) ) Comprehensive income, net of income taxes Less: Comprehensive income (loss) related to noncontrolling interests, net of income taxes 
 ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Charles River Laboratories International, Inc., net of income taxes 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 4 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables and contract assets, net of allowances for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid assets Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Venture capital and strategic equity investments Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation Deferred revenue Accrued liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net and finance leases Operating lease right-of-use liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Notes 2, 11, 13, and 15) Equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding as of September 28, 2024, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 30, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively 
 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. equity Nonredeemable noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities, noncontrolling interests and equity 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 5 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows relating to operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Long-lived asset impairment charges (Gain) loss on venture capital strategic equity investments, net ) Provision for credit losses Loss on divestitures, net Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities: Trade receivables and contract assets, net ) Inventories ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued compensation ) Deferred revenue ) Customer contract deposits ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows relating to investing activities Acquisition of businesses and assets, net of cash acquired ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) Purchases of investments and contributions to venture capital investments ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments Other, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows relating to financing activities Proceeds from long-term debt and revolving credit facility Proceeds from exercises of stock options Payments on long-term debt, revolving credit facility, and finance lease obligations ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Payments of contingent consideration ) Purchase of remaining equity interest of other redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 6 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands) 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Charles River Laboratories, Inc. Equity 
 Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount December 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) ) ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interests to redemption value 
 ) ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interests ) Issuance of stock under employee compensation plans Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Stock-based compensation March 30, 2024 ) ) Net income ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest to redemption value ) ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interests ) ) Purchase of remaining equity interest of other redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 ) Adjustment of purchase price of Noveprim redeemable noncontrolling interest Issuance of stock under employee compensation plans Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Stock-based compensation June 29, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest to redemption value ) ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) Issuance of stock under employee compensation plans Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Share repurchase excise tax ) ) ) Stock-based compensation September 28, 2024 ) ) See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 7 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (UNAUDITED) 
 (continued; in thousands) Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Charles River Laboratories, Inc. Equity 
 Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount December 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Issuance of stock under employee compensation plans Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Stock-based compensation April 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Issuance of stock under employee compensation plans Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Stock-based compensation July 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) ) Issuance of stock under employee compensation plans Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Stock-based compensation September 30, 2023 ) ) See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 8 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2023 as filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024. 
 9 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 reportable segments: Research Models and Services (RMS), Discovery and Safety Assessment (DSA), and Manufacturing Solutions (Manufacturing). 
 The Company s RMS reportable segment includes products and services offered within the Research Models, Research Model Services, and Cell Solutions. Research Models includes the commercial production and sale of small research models, as well as the supply of large research models. Research Model Services includes: Insourcing Solutions (IS), which provides colony management of clients research operations (including recruitment, training, staffing, and management services) within the clients facilities and utilizing the Charles River Accelerator and Development Lab (CRADL offering, which provides vivarium space to clients, Genetically Engineered Models and Services (GEMS), which performs contract breeding and other services associated with genetically engineered models, and Research Animal Diagnostic Services (RADS), which provides health monitoring and diagnostics services related to research models; and Cell Solutions, which supplies controlled, consistent, customized primary cells and blood components derived from normal and mobilized peripheral blood and bone marrow. 
 The Company s DSA reportable segment includes Discovery Services and Safety Assessment services. The Company provides regulated and non-regulated DSA services to support the research, development, and regulatory-required safety testing of potential new drugs, including therapeutic discovery and optimization plus in vitro (non-animal) and in vivo (in research models) studies, laboratory support services, and strategic non-clinical consulting and program management to support product development. 
 The Company s Manufacturing reportable segment includes Microbial Solutions, which provides in vitro lot-release testing products, microbial detection products, and species identification services and Biologics Solutions (Biologics), which performs specialized testing of biologics (Biologics Testing Solutions) as well as contract development and manufacturing products and services (CDMO). 
 
 2. 
 equity interest of Noveprim Group (Noveprim), a leading supplier of non-human primates (NHPs) located in Mauritius, resulting in a controlling interest. The Company had previously acquired a equity interest in 2022 for million plus additional contingent payments up to million based on future performance. The total consideration allocable to the Noveprim acquisition is million, which includes million additional cash paid for the equity interest, elimination of historical activity and intercompany balances of million which includes a remeasurement gain on the equity investment of million, contingent consideration of million, deferred purchase price of million payable from 2024 through 2027, offset by estimated post-closing adjustments for working capital of million. The purchase price reflected an agreement with seller on working capital and debt, which was adjusted from million to million during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. As a result of measurement period adjustments to the purchase price, goodwill and remeasurement gains on the previous equity investment for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, were increased by million and million, respectively. Remeasurement gains are recorded in Other income (expense), net, within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. The contingent consideration fair value is estimated using a Monte Carlo Simulation model and the maximum contingent contractual payments are up to million based on future performance and milestone achievements in fiscal years 2023 through 2025. The Company has the call option right to purchase the remaining equity interest up until after the sixth anniversary of closing the equity interest. On the first anniversary of the expiration of the call option, a put option will be triggered giving the seller the right to require the Company to acquire the remaining shares of the seller. The redemption price for the call/put is fixed and ranges from million to million depending on when exercised. The noncontrolling interest is classified as a redeemable noncontrolling interest in the mezzanine section of the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The acquisition was funded through a combination of available cash and proceeds from the Company s Credit Facility. This business is reported as part of the Company s DSA reportable segment for NHPs vertically integrated into the DSA supply chain and the RMS reportable segment for those NHPs sold to third party customers. The Company incurred transaction and integration costs in connection with the acquisition of million and million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, which was primarily included in Selling, general and administrative expenses within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. The Company incurred transaction and integration costs in connection with the acquisition of million and million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, which was primarily included in Selling, general and administrative expenses within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 10 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, net of million in cash, inclusive of a strategic equity interest previously owned by the Company of million. The acquisition was funded through a combination of available cash and proceeds from the Company s Credit Facility. This business is reported as part of the Company s DSA reportable segment. significant transaction and integration costs were incurred with the acquisition for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024. The Company incurred transaction and integration costs in connection with the acquisition of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, which was primarily included in Selling, general and administrative expenses within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 Purchase price information 
 Inventories Other current assets (excluding cash) Property, plant and equipment Operating lease right-of-use asset, net Goodwill (2) 
 Definite-lived intangible assets Other long-term assets (3) 
 Deferred revenue ) Other current liabilities ) ) Operating lease right-of-use liabilities (Long-term) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest (4) 
 ) Total purchase price allocation (1) Purchase price allocation is preliminary and subject to change as additional information becomes available concerning the fair value and tax basis of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including certain contracts, obligations, and finalization of any working capital adjustments. Any additional adjustments to the purchase price allocation will be made as soon as practicable but no later than one year from the date of acquisition. 
 (2) The goodwill resulting from these transactions is primarily attributable to the potential growth of the Company s segments from new customers introduced to the acquired businesses or synergies to be realized from acquiring an internal supplier servicing the DSA business and the assembled workforce of the acquirees, thus is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 (3) Other long-term assets acquired from the Noveprim acquisition include million of biological assets, which will be amortized over an estimated eight -year useful life. 
 (4) Refer to Note 12 Equity and Noncontrolling Interests for further a description of the noncontrolling interest fair value. 
 
 Other intangible assets Total definite-lived intangible assets Weighted Average Amortization Life (in years) Client relationships Other intangible assets Total definite-lived intangible assets 
 
 11 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 3. 
 Services and products transferred at a point in time Total RMS revenue DSA Services and products transferred over time Services and products transferred at a point in time Total DSA revenue Manufacturing Services and products transferred over time Services and products transferred at a point in time Total Manufacturing revenue Total revenue 
 Contract Balances from Contracts with Customers 
 Unbilled revenue Total Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Trade receivables and contract assets, net Liabilities from contracts with customers Current deferred revenue Long-term deferred revenue (included in Other long-term liabilities) Customer contract deposits (included in Other current liabilities) 
 Approximately of unbilled revenue as of December 30, 2023, which was million, was billed during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. Approximately of unbilled revenue as of December 31, 2022, which was million, was billed during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Approximately of contract liabilities as of December 30, 2023, which was million, were recognized as revenue during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. Approximately of contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022, which was million, were recognized as revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 When the Company does not have the unconditional right to advanced billings, both advanced client payments and unpaid advanced client billings are excluded from deferred revenue, with the advanced billings also being excluded from client 
 12 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million of unpaid advanced client billings from both client receivables and deferred revenue in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Provisions Reductions ) ) Ending balance 
 Net provision expenses were million and million during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively and include recoveries of balances previously written off, which are excluded from the table above. 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Future Performance Obligations 
 The Company discloses the aggregate amount of transaction price that is allocated to performance obligations that have not yet been satisfied as of September 28, 2024. Excluded from the disclosure is the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected length of one year or less, contracts for which revenue is recognized at the amount to which the Company has the right to invoice for services performed, and service revenue recognized in accordance with ASC 842, Leases . The aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations for all open customer contracts as of September 28, 2024 was million. The Company will recognize revenues for these performance obligations as they are satisfied, approximately of which is expected to occur within the next and the remainder recognized thereafter during the remaining contract term. 
 Other Performance Obligation s 
 As part of the Company s service offerings, the Company has identified performance obligations related to leasing Company owned assets. In certain arrangements, customers obtain substantially all of the economic benefits of the identified assets, which may include manufacturing suites and related equipment, and have the right to direct the assets use over the term of the contract. 
 Service revenue 
 13 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 4. 
 reportable segments, RMS, DSA and Manufacturing. Asset information on a reportable segment basis is not disclosed as this information is not separately identified and internally reported to the Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM). 
 Cost of revenue (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Operating income DSA Revenue Cost of revenue (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Operating income Manufacturing Revenue Cost of revenue (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Operating income Unallocated Corporate Selling, general and administrative Operating income (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Consolidated Revenue Cost of revenue (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Operating income (1) Operating income for unallocated corporate consists of costs associated with departments such as senior executives, corporate accounting, legal, tax, human resources, treasury, and investor relations. 

14 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended: September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Depreciation and amortization Three Months Ended: September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended: September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 
 Revenue represents sales originating in entities physically located in the identified geographic area. 
 September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended: September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (1) The Other category represents operations located in Brazil, Israel, and Mauritius. 
 
 Long-lived assets consist of property, plant, and equipment, net. 
 December 30, 2023 
 
 15 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 5. 
 Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing activities: Purchases of Property, plant and equipment included in Accounts payable and Accrued liabilities Assets acquired under finance leases 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is included in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets as follows: 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Supplemental cash flow information: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in Other current assets Restricted cash included in Other assets Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 6. 
 Work in process Finished products Inventories 
 million and million, respectively. 
 16 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 7. 
 Buildings (1) 
 Machinery and equipment (1) 
 Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Computer hardware and software (1) 
 Vehicles (1) 
 Construction in progress Total Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net (1) These balances include assets under finance leases. 
 
 million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 8. 
 Capital contributions Distributions ) ) Gains (losses) 
 ) Foreign currency translation Ending balance 
 The Company also invests, with minority positions, directly in equity of predominantly privately held companies. Strategic investments are summarized below: 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Beginning balance Purchase of investments Distributions ) Gain (loss) 
 ) Reduction for acquisition of entity (1) 
 ) Other investment activity ) Foreign currency translation ) Ending balance (1) Refer to Note 2 Acquisitions and Divestitures for further discussion on the acquisition of SAMDI. 
 
 17 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 9. 
 Interest rate swap Other assets: Life insurance policies Total assets measured at fair value Other long-term liabilities measured at fair value: Contingent consideration Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 The Company recognizes transfers between levels within the fair value hierarchy, if any, at the end of each quarter. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, there were no transfers between levels. 
 Other assets: Life insurance policies Interest rate swap Total assets measured at fair value Other long-term liabilities measured at fair value Contingent consideration Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 During the year ended December 30, 2023, there were no transfers between levels. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 Payments ) Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized): Adjustment of previously recorded contingent liability Foreign currency translation ) Ending balance 
 The Company estimates the fair value of contingent consideration obligations through valuation models, such as probability-weighted and option pricing models, which incorporate probability adjusted assumptions and simulations related to the achievement of the milestones and the likelihood of making related payments. The unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements include the probabilities of successful achievement of certain financial targets, forecasted results or targets, volatility, and discount rates. The remaining maximum potential payments are approximately million, of which the value accrued as of September 28, 2024 is million as the probability of achieving the maximum target is estimated to be . The volatility and weighted average cost of capital is approximately and , respectively. Increases or decreases in these assumptions may result in a higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. 
 18 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million maturing November 2, 2024 to manage interest rate fluctuation related to floating rate borrowings under the Credit Facility, at a fixed rate of . 
 Debt Instruments 
 The book value of the Company s revolving loans, which are variable rate loans carried at amortized cost, approximates the fair value based on current market pricing of similar debt. As the fair value is based on significant other observable inputs, including current interest and foreign currency exchange rates, it is deemed to be Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 The book value of the Company s Senior Notes are fixed rate obligations carried at amortized cost. Fair value is based on quoted market prices as well as borrowing rates available to the Company. As the fair value is based on significant other observable outputs, it is deemed to be Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2031 

10. 
 Acquisitions Foreign exchange ) September 28, 2024 (1) DSA includes accumulated impairment losses of billion, which were recognized in fiscal years 2008 and 2010. 
 
 The increase in goodwill during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 is related to measurement period adjustments related to the acquisition of Noveprim in the DSA reportable segment and foreign exchange in Manufacturing. 
 During the third quarter ended September 28, 2024, a triggering event was identified for the Discovery Services reporting unit (part of the DSA reportable segment). This resulted from a continuous decline in market conditions and operational challenges, ultimately resulting in a reduction of Discovery Services long range financial outlook. In response, management conducted a quantitative impairment test for goodwill to determine if the goodwill in the Discovery Services reporting unit was impaired. Upon completion of a quantitative impairment test, it was determined that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately , and impairment was recognized as of September 28, 2024. While the Discovery Services reporting unit is not currently impaired, the Company will continue to closely monitor future performance and any potential impacts on the value of the reporting unit. 
 19 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ) ) Technology ) ) Trademarks and trade names ) ) Backlog ) ) Other ) ) Intangible assets ) ) 
 The decrease in intangible assets, net during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 related to normal amortization over the useful lives. 
 million and million, respectively. Amortization expense of definite-lived intangible assets for nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 11. 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2031 
 Other debt Finance leases Total debt and finance leases Less: Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of finance leases Current portion of long-term debt and finance leases Long-term debt and finance leases Debt discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt, net and finance leases 
 As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the weighted average interest rate on the Company s debt was and , respectively. 
 Letters of Credit 
 million and million, respectively, in outstanding letters of credit. 
 20 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 12. 
 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Charles River Laboratories International Inc. Calculation of net income per share attributable to Charles River Laboratories International Inc. common shareholders Net income attributable to Charles River Laboratories International Inc. Less: Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest (1) 
 Less: Incremental dividends attributable to noncontrolling interest holders (2) 
 Net income available to Charles River Laboratories International Inc. common shareholders Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding - Basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units Weighted-average shares outstanding - Diluted Anti-dilutive common stock equivalents (3) 
 (1) Represents adjustments of redeemable noncontrolling interest that impact retained earnings. 
 (2) Represents incremental declared and undeclared dividends attributable to Noveprim noncontrolling interest holders who are entitled to preferential dividends for fiscal year 2024. 
 (3) These common stock equivalents were outstanding for the periods presented, but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS for those periods because their inclusion would have had an anti-dilutive effect. 
 
 Treasury Shares 
 On August 2, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase authorization of billion . This authorization fully replaces a prior stock repurchase authorization of billion that had million remaining when it was terminated. During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of common stock for million under the new stock repurchase program. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had million remaining on the current authorized stock repurchase program. 
 The Company s stock-based compensation plans permit the netting of common stock upon vesting of RSUs and PSUs in order to satisfy individual statutory tax withholding requirements. The Company acquired shares of approximately million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and nine months ended September 30, 2023, for million and million, respectively, from such netting. 
 21 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) September 28, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 Through September 28, 2024, the Company holds several redeemable noncontrolling interests. Since the Company has the right to purchase, and the noncontrolling interest holders have the right to require the Company to purchase the remaining interest, which represents a derivative embedded within the equity instrument, the noncontrolling interest is classified in the mezzanine section of the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets, which is presented above the equity section and below liabilities. 
 The redeemable noncontrolling interests are measured at the greater of (i) the redemption amount or (ii) the historical value resulting from the original acquisition date fair value, increased or decreased for the noncontrolling interest s share of net income (loss), equity capital contributions and distributions. The fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest is determined using the income approach, with key assumptions being projected cash flows and discount rates based on market participant s weighted average cost of capital. To the extent redemption value exceeds carrying value, adjustments are recorded to additional paid-in capital, with any cumulative excess of redemption value over fair value recorded in retained earnings, which impacts net income available to common shareholders used in the calculation of earnings per common share. 
 Noveprim 
 The Company holds a ownership interest in Noveprim. The Company has the right to purchase, and the noncontrolling interest holders have the right to sell, the remaining equity interest at a fixed redemption value that ranges from million to million depending on when exercised. The Company has the call option right to purchase the remaining equity up until one month after the sixth anniversary of closing the equity stake (December 2029). On the first anniversary of the expiration of the call option (December 2030), a 12-month put option will be triggered giving the seller the right to require the Company to acquire the remaining shares of the seller for million. Additionally, during fiscal year 2024 the noncontrolling interest holders have and may continue to receive a dividend disproportionate to their equity ownership, of which the fair value of million as of the acquisition date was recorded within the redeemable noncontrolling interest. Through September 28, 2024, incremental dividends based on Noveprim statutory net income attributed to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holders of million reduced net income available to common shareholders used in the calculation of earnings per common share. The redemption value is accreted to the put purchase price of million using the interest method through December 2030. As of September 28, 2024, the redemption value of million exceeded both the carrying value and fair value, resulting in both an adjustment to additional paid in capital of million and an adjustment to retained earnings of million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 . 
 Other redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 In 2019, the Company acquired an equity interest in a subsidiary, which included a redeemable noncontrolling interest. In June 2022, the Company purchased an additional interest in the subsidiary for million, resulting in a remaining noncontrolling interest of . Beginning in 2024, the Company had the right to purchase, and the noncontrolling interest holders had the right to sell, the remaining equity interest at its appraised value. The redemption value was measured at the greater of the appraised value or a predetermined floor. The amount that the Company could be required to pay to purchase the remaining equity interest was not limited. As of March 30, 2024, the redemption value of million exceeded the carrying value, resulting in an adjustment to additional paid in capital of million. During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company acquired the remaining for million. 
 22 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ownership interest in Vital River, a commercial provider of research models and related services in China as of December 31, 2022 . The Company had the right to purchase, and the noncontrolling interest holders had the right to sell, the remaining equity interest at a contractually defined redemption value, subject to a redemption floor. The amount that the Company could be required to pay to purchase the remaining equity interest was not limited. During 2023, the Company acquired the remaining and paid million of the total million due. The remaining purchase price payable was included in Accrued liabilities within the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 and is expected to be paid during fiscal year 2024. 
 Nonredeemable Noncontrolling Interest 

13. 
 and , respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the corresponding prior year period was primarily attributable to the deferred tax impact of tax law changes enacted during the three months ended September 28, 2024, offset by jurisdictional earnings mix. 
 The Company s effective tax rates for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were and , respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same prior year period is primarily attributable the same reason as above, as well as decreased tax benefit from stock-based compensation deductions in nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 For the three months ended September 28, 2024, the Company s unrecognized tax benefits increased by million to million, primarily due to increases in research and development tax credit reserves, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange movement. For the three months ended September 28, 2024, the amount of unrecognized income tax benefits that would impact the effective tax rate increased by million to million for the same reasons discussed above. The accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits was million as of September 28, 2024. The Company estimates that it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by approximately million over the next twelve-month period, primarily due to audit settlements and expiring statutes of limitations. 
 Other current assets Accrued income taxes Other current liabilities 
 The Company conducts business in a number of tax jurisdictions. As a result, it is subject to tax audits on a regular basis including, but not limited to, such major jurisdictions as the U.S., the U.K., China, France, Germany, and Canada. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. and international income tax examinations for years before 2020. 
 The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have ongoing tax controversies in the U.S., Canada, and India. The Company does not anticipate resolution of these audits will have a material impact on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 14. 
 million and million during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively and approximately million since the beginning of fiscal year 2023 through September 28, 2024. 
 23 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DSA Manufacturing Unallocated corporate Total 
 The following table presents restructuring costs as included within the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income: 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Severance and Transition Costs Asset Impairments and Other Costs Total Severance and Transition Costs Asset Impairments and Other Costs Total (in thousands) Three Months Ended Cost of services provided (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Cost of products sold (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Selling, general and administrative ) ) Total restructuring costs Nine Months Ended Cost of services provided (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Cost of products sold (excluding amortization of intangible assets) Selling, general and administrative ) Total restructuring costs 
 24 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Expense 
 Payments / utilization 
 ) ) ) Other non-cash adjustments 
 ) ) ) Foreign currency adjustments 
 Ending Balance 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Beginning balance 
 Expense 
 Payments / utilization 
 ) ) ) Other non-cash adjustments 
 ) ) ) Foreign currency adjustments 
 ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 million and million, respectively, of severance and other personnel related costs liabilities were included in accrued compensation and accrued liabilities within the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 15. 
 million as of September 28, 2024, which reflects the value of the shipments in accordance with the Company s inventory accounting policy. On May 16, 2023, the Company received an inquiry from the Enforcement Division of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) requesting it to voluntarily provide information, subsequently augmented with a document subpoena and additional inquiries, primarily related to the sourcing of non-human primates and related disclosures, and the Company is cooperating with these requests. The Company is not able to predict what action, if any, might be taken in the future by the DOJ, USFWS, SEC or other governmental authorities as a result of the investigations. None of the DOJ, USFWS or SEC has provided the Company with any specific timeline or indication as to when these investigations or, specific to the DOJ and USFWS, discussions regarding future processes and procedures, will be concluded or resolved. The Company cannot predict the timing, outcome or possible impact of the investigations, including without limitation any potential fines, penalties or liabilities. 
 A putative securities class action (Securities Class Action) was filed on May 19, 2023 against the Company and a number of its current/former officers in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. On August 31, 2023, the court 
 25 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 26 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2023 as filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause future results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors included elsewhere within this Form 10-Q. Certain percentage changes may not recalculate due to rounding. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading, non-clinical global drug development partner with a mission to create healthier lives. For over 75 years, we have been in the business of providing the research models required in the research and development of new drugs, devices, and therapies. Over this time, we have built upon our original core competency of laboratory animal medicine and science (research model technologies) to develop a diverse portfolio of discovery and safety assessment services, both Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) and non-GLP, that supports our clients from target identification through non-clinical development. We also provide a suite of products and services to support our clients manufacturing activities. Utilizing our broad portfolio of products and services enables our clients to create a more efficient and flexible drug development model, which reduces their costs, enhances their productivity and effectiveness, and increases speed to market. 
 Our client base includes major global pharmaceutical companies, many biotechnology companies; agricultural and industrial chemical, life science, veterinary medicine, medical device, diagnostic and consumer product companies; contract research and contract manufacturing organizations; and other commercial entities, as well as leading hospitals, academic institutions, and government agencies around the world. 
 Segment Reporting 
 Our three reportable segments are Research Models and Services (RMS), Discovery and Safety Assessment (DSA), and Manufacturing Solutions (Manufacturing). 
 Our RMS reportable segment includes the products and services offered within Research Models, Research Model Services, and Cell Solutions. Research Models includes the commercial production and sale of small research models, as well as the supply of large research models. Research Model Services includes: Insourcing Solutions (IS), which provides colony management of our clients research operations (including recruitment, training, staffing, and management services) within our clients facilities as well as our own vivarium space, utilizing our Charles River Accelerator and Development Lab (CRADL offering, Genetically Engineered Models and Services (GEMS), which performs contract breeding and other services associated with genetically engineered models; and Research Animal Diagnostic Services (RADS), which provides health monitoring and diagnostics services related to research models; and Cell Solutions provides controlled, consistent, customized primary cells and blood components derived from normal and mobilized peripheral blood and bone marrow. 
 Our DSA segment is comprised of Discovery Services and Safety Assessment services. We provide regulated and non-regulated DSA services to support the research, development, and regulatory-required safety testing of potential new drugs, including therapeutic discovery and optimization plus in vitro (non-animal) and in vivo (in research models) studies, laboratory support services, and strategic non-clinical consulting and program management to support product development. 
 Our Manufacturing reportable segment includes Microbial Solutions, which provides in vitro lot-release testing products, microbial detection products, and species identification services and Biologics Solutions (Biologics), which performs specialized testing of biologics (Biologics Testing Solutions) as well as contract development and manufacturing products and services (CDMO). 
 U.S. Government Investigations into the Non-Human Primate Supply Chain 
 On February 16, 2023, the Company was informed by the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) that in conjunction with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), it had commenced an investigation into the Company s conduct regarding several shipments of non-human primates from Cambodia. On February 17, 2023 the Company received a grand jury subpoena requesting certain documents related to such investigation. The Company is aware of a parallel civil investigation being undertaken by the DOJ and USFWS. The Company is cooperating with the DOJ and the USFWS and believes that the concerns raised with respect to the Company s conduct are without merit. The Company maintains a global supplier onboarding and oversight program incorporating risk-based due diligence, auditing, and monitoring practices to help ensure the quality of our supplier relationships and compliance with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations, and has operated under the belief that all shipments of non-human primates it received satisfied the material requirements, documentation and related processes and procedures of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), which guides the release of each import by USFWS. Notwithstanding our efforts and good-faith belief, in connection with the 
 27 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 civil investigation, the Company has voluntarily suspended future shipments of non-human primates from Cambodia to the United States until such time that the Company and USFWS can agree upon and implement additional procedures to reasonably ensure that non-human primates imported from Cambodia are purpose-bred. The Company continues to care for the Cambodia-sourced non-human primates from certain shipments in the United States. The carrying value of the inventory related to these shipments is approximately 27 million as of September 28, 2024, which reflects the value of the shipments in accordance with our inventory accounting policy. On May 16, 2023, the Company received an inquiry from the Enforcement Division of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) requesting it to voluntarily provide information, subsequently augmented with a document subpoena and additional inquiries, primarily related to the sourcing of non-human primates and related disclosures, and the Company is cooperating with these requests. We are not able to predict what action, if any, might be taken in the future by the DOJ, USFWS, SEC or other governmental authorities as a result of the investigations. None of the DOJ, USFWS or SEC has provided the Company with any specific timeline or indication as to when these investigations or, specific to the DOJ and USFWS, discussions regarding future processes and procedures, will be concluded or resolved. The Company cannot predict the timing, outcome or possible impact of the investigations, including without limitation any potential fines, penalties or liabilities. For our assessment of risk factors surrounding the aforementioned matter refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors and Item 3, Legal Proceedings of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2023. 
 Recent Acquisitions 
 Our strategy is to augment internal growth of existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. Our recent acquisitions are described below. 
 Fiscal Year 2023 Acquisitions 
 On November 30, 2023, we completed our acquisition of an additional 41 equity interest of Noveprim Group Noveprim ), a leading provider of non-human primates NHPs used for biomedical, pharmaceutical and toxicological research purposes, resulting in a 90 controlling interest. The acquisition strengthens and diversifies the supply chain for our DSA segment. We had previously acquired a 49 equity stake in 2022 for 90.0 million up-front and additional contingent payments up to 5.0 million based on future performance. The total purchase price for the Noveprim acquisition is 392.4 million, which includes 144.6 million additional cash paid for the 41 equity interest, elimination of historical activity and intercompany balances of 209.5 million which includes a remeasurement gain on the 49 equity investment of 113.0 million, contingent consideration of 33.3 million, deferred purchase price of 12.0 million payable from 2024 through 2027, offset by estimated post-closing adjustments for working capital of 7.0 million. The purchase price reflected an agreement with seller on working capital and debt, which was adjusted from 13.8 million to 7.0 million during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. As a result of measurement period adjustments to the purchase price, goodwill and remeasurement gains on the previous 49 equity investment for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, were increased by 17.6 million and 9.8 million, respectively. The acquisition was funded through a combination of available cash and proceeds from our Credit Facility. This business is reported as part of our DSA reportable segment for NHPs vertically integrated into our Safety Assessment supply chain and the RMS reportable segment for NHPs sold to third party customers. 
 On January 27, 2023, we acquired SAMDI Tech, Inc., (SAMDI), a leading provider of high-quality, label-free high-throughput screening (HTS) solutions for drug discovery research. The acquisition of SAMDI provided clients with seamless access to the premier, label-free HTS MS platform and created a comprehensive library of drug discovery solutions. The purchase price of SAMDI was 62.8 million, inclusive of a 20 strategic equity interest previously owned by us. The acquisition was funded through a combination of available cash and proceeds from our Credit Facility. This business is reported as part of our DSA reportable segment. 
 Fiscal Quarters 
 Our fiscal year is typically based on 52-weeks, with each quarter composed of 13 weeks ending on the last Saturday on, or closest to, March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31. A 53rd week in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year is occasionally necessary to align with a December 31 calendar year-end. 
 Global Market Environment 
 We are seeing a more cautious spending environment from our client base, principally global biopharmaceutical and biotechnology clients within our DSA segment, as they reassess their budgets, reprioritize their drug pipelines, and manage their cost structures. DSA backlog decreased to 2.1 billion as of September 28, 2024 from 2.5 billion as of December 30, 2023. 
 During the third quarter ended September 28, 2024, a triggering event was identified for the Discovery Services reporting unit (part of the DSA reportable segment). This resulted from a continuous decline in market conditions and operational challenges, ultimately resulting in a reduction of Discovery Services long range financial outlook. In response, management conducted a quantitative impairment test for goodwill to determine if the goodwill in the Discovery Services reporting unit was impaired. Upon completion of a quantitative impairment test, it was determined that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its 
 28 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 carrying value by approximately 22 , with a goodwill carrying value of 334.8 million as of September 28, 2024. The reporting unit s fair value could be adversely affected and result in an impairment of goodwill if actual cash flows are below estimated cash flows, the estimated cash flows are discounted at a higher risk-adjusted rate or market multiples decrease. While the Discovery Services reporting unit is not currently impaired, the Company will continue to closely monitor future performance and any potential impacts on the value of the reporting unit. 
 In response to recent trends observed across each of our businesses, we have undertaken and will continue to implement restructuring actions at various locations across North America, Europe and Asia. This includes workforce right-sizing actions, resulting in severance and transition costs; and costs related to the consolidation of facilities to optimize our global footprint and drive greater operating efficiency across the Company, resulting in asset impairment, accelerated depreciation, and other site consolidation charges. 
 During fiscal year 2023, we began taking restructuring actions as a result of these emerging business trends. We incurred restructuring charges of 30.6 million and 65.6 million during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, and approximately 95 million since the beginning of fiscal year 2023 through September 28, 2024. We expect that these effectuated actions, as well as other upcoming planned actions designed to optimize our global footprint to drive greater operating efficiency, will result in approximately 200 million of cost savings on an annualized basis, of which approximately 100 million will impact fiscal year 2024. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations and Liquidity 
 Revenue for three months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 16.9 million, or 1.6 , to 1,009.8 million compared to 1,026.6 million in the corresponding period in 2023. Revenue for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 68.5 million, or 2.2 , to 3,047.4 million compared to 3,115.9 million in the corresponding period in 2023. The decreases in revenue were primarily due to our DSA business which experienced lower volume; partially offset by higher revenue within our Manufacturing businesses and the recent acquisition of Noveprim when compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. 
 In the three months ended September 28, 2024, our operating income and operating income as a percentage of revenue were 117.4 million and 11.6 respectively, compared with 151.5 million and 14.8 respectively, in the corresponding period of 2023. In the nine months ended September 28, 2024, our operating income and operating income as a percentage of revenue were 395.0 million and 13.0 respectively, compared with 484.3 million and 15.5 , respectively, in the corresponding period of 2023. The decrease in operating income and operating income as a percentage of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 were primarily due to the revenue impacts described above coupled with charges related to recent restructuring activities, including severance, asset impairments, and other site consolidation costs as discussed in Global Market Environment above. 
 Net income available to Charles River Laboratories International Inc, common shareholders decreased to 68.7 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024, from 87.4 million in the corresponding period of 2023. Net income available to Charles River Laboratories International Inc. common shareholders decreased to 226.0 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, from 287.5 million in the corresponding period of 2023. The decreases in net income available to common shareholders were due principally to the decreases in operating income described above. 
 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, our cash flows from operations were 575.2 million compared with 463.0 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was driven by favorable performance across our revenue related accounts, including collections on trade receivables, deferred revenue, and customer deposits; benefiting cash provided by operations by 46.6 million; lower inventory of 13.8 million primarily due to lower purchases of inventory supporting our Safety Assessment business, and timing of payments to our suppliers and vendors benefiting our cash provided by operations by 7.1 million. 

29 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenue and Operating Income 
 The following tables present consolidated revenue by type and by reportable segment: 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change (in thousands, except percentages) Service revenue 832,463 869,759 (37,296) (4.3) Product revenue 177,300 156,864 20,436 13.0 Total revenue 1,009,763 1,026,623 (16,860) (1.6) 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) RMS 197,824 186,848 10,976 5.9 0.4 DSA 615,060 664,028 (48,968) (7.4) 0.3 Manufacturing 196,879 175,747 21,132 12.0 0.2 Total revenue 1,009,763 1,026,623 (16,860) (1.6) 0.4 
 The following table presents operating income by reportable segment: 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) RMS 27,544 28,326 (782) (2.8) 0.7 DSA 126,436 146,819 (20,383) (13.9) 0.8 Manufacturing 40,188 26,275 13,913 53.0 0.8 Unallocated corporate (76,763) (49,918) (26,845) 53.8 0.3 Total operating income 117,405 151,502 (34,097) (22.5) 1.0 Operating income of revenue 11.6 14.8 (320) bps 
 The following presents and discusses our consolidated financial results by each of our reportable segments: 
 RMS 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 197,824 186,848 10,976 5.9 0.4 Cost of revenue (excluding amortization of intangible assets) 137,906 126,640 11,266 8.9 Selling, general and administrative 26,453 26,483 (30) (0.1) Amortization of intangible assets 5,921 5,399 522 9.7 Operating income 27,544 28,326 (782) (2.8) 0.7 Operating income of revenue 13.9 15.2 (130) bps 
 RMS revenue increased 11.0 million primarily driven by an increase in large research model product revenue, principally due to the recent acquisition of Noveprim, which contributed 9.1 million, an increase in small research model revenue in all geographic areas, and the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates; partially offset by a decline in Insourcing Solutions services revenue. 
 RMS operating income decreased 0.8 million compared to the corresponding period in 2023. RMS operating income as a percentage of revenue for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 13.9 , a decrease of 130bps from 15.2 for the corresponding period in 2023. Operating income and operating income as a percentage of revenue decreased primarily due to higher amortization related to acquisitions, including an inventory step up recorded in cost of revenue from the Noveprim 
 30 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 acquisition, and higher charges related to recent restructuring activities, including severance and site consolidation and impairment charges; partially offset by the positive impacts of the RMS revenue drivers described above. 
 DSA 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 615,060 664,028 (48,968) (7.4) 0.3 Cost of revenue (excluding amortization of intangible assets) 409,684 436,174 (26,490) (6.1) Selling, general and administrative 63,260 63,369 (109) (0.2) Amortization of intangible assets 15,680 17,666 (1,986) (11.2) Operating income 126,436 146,819 (20,383) (13.9) 0.8 Operating income of revenue 20.6 22.1 (150) bps 
 DSA revenue decreased 49.0 million primarily due to decreased revenue in our Safety Assessment business primarily due to declines in volume coupled with a decrease in demand within our Discovery Services business. The impact of a recently divested site related to our Safety Assessment business contributed 1.9 million to the decrease. This was partially offset by the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 DSA operating income decreased 20.4 million during the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023. DSA operating income as a percentage of revenue for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 20.6 , a decrease of 150 bps from 22.1 for the corresponding period in 2023. Operating income and operating income as a percentage of revenue decreased primarily due to the lower revenue described above, higher severance related to recent restructuring activities, and certain third-party legal costs incurred in connection with the investigations by the U.S. government into the non-human primate supply chain; partially offset by lower site consolidation and impairment charges associated with a Discovery Services site closure which occurred in 2023. 
 Manufacturing 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 196,879 175,747 21,132 12.0 0.2 Cost of revenue (excluding amortization of intangible assets) 113,152 101,968 11,184 11.0 Selling, general and administrative 32,737 36,338 (3,601) (9.9) Amortization of intangible assets 10,802 11,166 (364) (3.3) Operating income 40,188 26,275 13,913 53.0 0.8 Operating income of revenue 20.4 15.0 540 bps 
 Manufacturing revenue increased 21.1 million primarily due to increased revenue in both our Biologics Solutions and Microbial Solutions businesses driven by increased demand for Biologics Testing and CDMO services, and an increase in endotoxin product revenue. 
 Manufacturing operating income increased 13.9 million during the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023. Manufacturing operating income as a percentage of revenue for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 20.4 , an increase of 540 bps from 15.0 for the corresponding period in 2023. Operating income and operating income as a percentage of revenue increased primarily due to the higher revenue described above and improved operating leverage. 
 31 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Unallocated Corporate 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) Unallocated corporate 76,763 49,918 26,845 53.8 0.3 Unallocated corporate of revenue 7.6 4.9 270 bps 
 Unallocated corporate costs consist of selling, general and administrative expenses that are not directly related or allocated to the reportable segments. The increase in unallocated corporate costs of 26.8 million, or 53.8 , compared to the corresponding period in 2023 is primarily related to higher employee compensation and benefits related costs, including severance related to recent restructuring activities and employee fringe related costs, and the absence of positive net settlements recognized on virtual power purchase agreements for the corresponding period in 2023. Costs as a percentage of revenue for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 7.6 , an increase of 270 bps from 4.9 for the corresponding period in 2023. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change (in thousands, except percentages) Other income (expense): Interest income 1,528 1,373 155 11.3 Interest expense (30,284) (33,742) 3,458 (10.2) Other income (expense), net 2,592 (6,260) 8,852 (141.4) Total other expense, net (26,164) (38,629) 12,465 (32.3) 
 Interest income for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 1.5 million, an increase of 0.2 million, or 11.3 , driven primarily from higher interest rates and interest earning asset balances. 
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 30.3 million, a decrease of 3.5 million, or 10.2 , compared to 33.7 million in the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease was due primarily to lower debt balances as we continue to pay down on our revolving credit facility. 
 Other income, net for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 2.6 million, an increase of 8.9 million, or 141.4 compared to Other expense, net of 6.3 million for the corresponding period in 2023. The increase was due primarily to net gains on our venture capital investments and life insurance contracts as compared to fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for income taxes 20,946 24,852 (3,906) (15.7) Effective tax rate 23.0 22.0 100 bps 
 Income tax expense for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 20.9 million, a decrease of 3.9 million compared to 24.9 million for the corresponding period in 2023. Our effective tax rate was 23.0 for the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 22.0 for the corresponding period in 2023. The tax rate increase was primarily attributable to the deferred tax impact of tax law changes enacted during the three months ended September 28, 2024, offset by jurisdictional earnings mix. 
 32 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenue and Operating Income 
 The following tables present consolidated revenue by type and by reportable segment: 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change (in thousands, except percentages) Service revenue 2,492,225 2,602,016 (109,791) (4.2) Product revenue 555,215 513,917 41,298 8.0 Total revenue 
 3,047,440 3,115,933 (68,493) (2.2) 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) RMS 625,120 596,562 28,558 4.8 (0.1) DSA 1,847,931 1,989,838 (141,907) (7.1) 0.3 Manufacturing 574,389 529,533 44,856 8.5 Total revenue 3,047,440 3,115,933 (68,493) (2.2) 0.1 
 The following table presents operating income by reportable segment: 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) RMS 100,641 117,653 (17,012) (14.5) (0.3) DSA 379,651 479,788 (100,137) (20.9) 0.5 Manufacturing 111,099 52,784 58,315 110.5 (0.2) Unallocated corporate (196,357) (165,886) (30,471) 18.4 0.2 Total operating income 395,034 484,339 (89,305) (18.4) 0.4 Operating income of revenue 13.0 15.5 (250) bps 
 The following presents and discusses our consolidated financial results by each of our reportable segments: 
 RMS 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 625,120 596,562 28,558 4.8 (0.1) Cost of revenue (excluding amortization of intangible assets) 421,773 381,332 40,441 10.6 Selling, general and administrative 84,943 81,194 3,749 4.6 Amortization of intangible assets 17,763 16,383 1,380 8.4 Operating income 100,641 117,653 (17,012) (14.5) (0.3) Operating income of revenue 16.1 19.7 (360) bps 
 RMS revenue increased 28.6 million primarily driven by an increase in large research model product revenue, principally due to the recent acquisition of Noveprim, which contributed 30.0 million, and an increase in small research models product revenues across all geographic areas; partially offset by lower Cell Solutions product revenue and Insourcing Solutions services revenue. 
 RMS operating income decreased 17.0 million compared to the corresponding period in 2023. RMS operating income as a percentage of revenue for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 16.1 , a decrease of 360 bps from 19.7 for the corresponding period in 2023. Operating income and operating income as a percentage of revenue decreased primarily due to 
 33 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 higher charges related to recent restructuring activities, including severance and site consolidation and impairment charges, higher amortization related to acquisitions, including an inventory step up recorded in cost of revenue from the Noveprim acquisition; partially offset by the impacts of the RMS revenue drivers described above. 
 DSA 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 1,847,931 1,989,838 (141,907) (7.1) 0.3 Cost of revenue (excluding amortization of intangible assets) 1,246,560 1,268,248 (21,688) (1.7) Selling, general and administrative 174,598 189,076 (14,478) (7.7) Amortization of intangible assets 47,122 52,726 (5,604) (10.6) Operating income 379,651 479,788 (100,137) (20.9) 0.5 Operating income of revenue 20.5 24.1 (360) bps 
 DSA revenue decreased 141.9 million primarily due to decreased revenue in our Safety Assessment and Discovery Services businesses due to decreased volume and the impact of a recently divested site related to our Safety Assessment business contributed 7.1 million to the decrease; partially offset by the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 DSA operating income decreased 100.1 million compared to the corresponding period in 2023. DSA operating income as a percentage of revenue for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 20.5 , a decrease of 360 bps from 24.1 for the corresponding period in 2023. Operating income and operating income as a percentage of revenue decreased primarily due to the lower revenue described above, higher severance related to recent restructuring activities, an adjustment to contingent consideration associated with the acquisition of Noveprim, and certain third-party legal costs incurred in connection with the investigations by the U.S. government into the non-human primate supply chain; partially offset by lower site consolidation and impairment charges compared to the corresponding period in 2023. 
 Manufacturing 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 574,389 529,533 44,856 8.5 Cost of revenue (excluding amortization of intangible assets) 331,530 327,882 3,648 1.1 Selling, general and administrative 99,397 114,556 (15,159) (13.2) Amortization of intangible assets 32,363 34,311 (1,948) (5.7) Operating income 111,099 52,784 58,315 110.5 (0.2) Operating income of revenue 19.3 10.0 930 bps 
 Manufacturing revenue increased 44.9 million primarily due to increased revenue in both our Biologics Solutions and Microbial Solutions businesses, driven by increased demand for Biologics Testing and CDMO services and higher endotoxin product revenue. 
 Manufacturing operating income increased 58.3 million compared to the corresponding period in 2023. Manufacturing operating income as a percentage of revenue for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 19.3 , an increase of 930 bps from 10.0 for the corresponding period in 2023. Operating income and operating income as a percentage of revenue increased primarily due to the higher revenue described above and improved operating leverage as well as lower legal costs from an environmental litigation related to the Microbial Solutions business incurred compared to the corresponding period in 2023. 
 34 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Unallocated Corporate 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change Impact of FX (in thousands, except percentages) Unallocated corporate 196,357 165,886 30,471 18.4 0.2 Unallocated corporate of revenue 6.4 5.3 110 bps 
 Unallocated corporate costs consist of selling, general and administrative expenses that are not directly related or allocated to the reportable segments. The increase in unallocated corporate costs of 30.5 million, or 18.4 , compared to the corresponding period in 2023 is primarily related to higher employee compensation and benefits related costs, including severance related to recent restructuring activities and employee fringe related costs, and the absence of positive net settlements recognized on virtual power purchase agreements for the corresponding period in 2023. Costs as a percentage of revenue for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were 6.4 , an increase of 110 bps from 5.3 for the corresponding period in 2023. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change (in thousands, except percentages) Other income (expense): Interest income 6,740 3,605 3,135 87.0 Interest expense (98,054) (103,166) 5,112 (5.0) Other income (expense), net 6,185 (12,200) 18,385 (150.7) Total other expense, net (85,129) (111,761) 26,632 (23.8) 
 Interest income for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 6.7 million, an increase of 3.1 million, or 87.0 , driven primarily from higher interest rates. 
 Interest expense for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 98.1 million, a decrease of 5.1 million, or 5.0 , compared to 103.2 million in the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease was due primarily to lower debt balances as we continue to pay down our revolving credit facility. 
 Other income, net for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 6.2 million, an increase of 18.4 million, or 150.7 , compared to Other expense, net of 12.2 million for the corresponding period in 2023. The increase was due primarily to venture capital investment gains of 8.4 million as compared to losses of 14.3 million in the corresponding period in 2023. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 change change (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for income taxes 70,867 81,160 (10,293) (12.7) Effective tax rate 22.9 21.8 110 bps 
 Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 70.9 million, a decrease of 10.3 million compared to 81.2 million for the corresponding period in 2023. Our effective tax rate was 22.9 for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 21.8 for the corresponding period in 2023. The increase in our effective tax rate in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023 was primarily attributable to deferred tax impact of enacted tax law changes, as well as decreased tax benefits from stock-based compensation deductions in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, offset by jurisdictional earnings mix. 
 Our global operations make the effective tax rate sensitive to significant tax law changes. Several countries where we operate have enacted legislation implementing the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development s (OECD) international tax framework, including the Pillar II global minimum tax rate with effect from January 1, 2024 or later. We continue to monitor future legislation on Pillar II, however, the Pillar II associated tax expense accrued for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, is not material to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity and Cash Flows 
 We currently require cash to fund our working capital needs, capital expansion, acquisitions, debt payments, lease, venture capital investment, restructuring initiatives, and pension obligations. Our principal sources of liquidity have been our cash flows from operations supplemented by long-term borrowings. Based on our current business plan, we believe that our existing funds, when combined with cash generated from operations and our access to financing resources, are sufficient to fund our operations for the foreseeable future. 
 The following table presents our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments: 
 September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents: Held in U.S. entities 8,273 2,234 Held in non-U.S. entities 201,898 274,537 Total cash and cash equivalents 210,171 276,771 Short-term investments: 
 Held in non-U.S. entities 69 68 Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 210,240 276,839 
 The following table presents our net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Net income 239,038 291,418 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 324,110 312,306 Changes in assets and liabilities 12,067 (140,769) Net cash provided by operating activities 575,215 462,955 
 Net cash provided by cash flows from operating activities represents the cash receipts and disbursements related to all of our activities other than investing and financing activities. Operating cash flow is derived by adjusting our net income for (1) non-cash operating items such as depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, and other financing costs, deferred income taxes, gains and/or losses on venture capital and strategic equity investments, gains and/or losses on divestitures, contingent consideration, as well as (2) changes in operating assets and liabilities, which reflect timing differences between the receipt and payment of cash associated with transactions and when they are recognized in our results of operations. 
 For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to corresponding period in 2023, the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by favorable performance across our revenue related accounts, including collections on trade receivables, deferred revenue, and customer deposits; benefiting cash provided by operations by 46.6 million; lower inventory of 13.8 million primarily due to lower purchases of inventory supporting our Safety Assessment business, and timing of payments to our suppliers and vendors benefiting our cash provided by operations by 7.1 million. 
 The following table presents our net cash used in investing activities: 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Acquisition of businesses and assets, net of cash acquired (5,479) (50,166) Capital expenditures (157,351) (240,205) Investments, net (5,794) (32,369) Other, net (358) (2,044) Net cash used in investing activities (168,982) (324,784) 
 Investing activities primarily consist of cash used to fund capital expenditures to support the growth of our business, purchases and sales of investments related to our venture capital and strategic equity investment portfolios, and asset and business acquisitions. 
 36 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by capital expenditures, an immaterial asset acquisition, and net purchases and sales in investments related to certain venture capital and strategic equity investments. The Company experienced declines in capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily as a result of disciplined spend management in light of the global economic environment. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by capital expenditures to support the growth of the business, the acquisition of SAMDI, and net purchases and sales of investments related to certain venture capital and strategic equity investments. 
 The following table presents our net cash used in financing activities: 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Proceeds from long-term debt and revolving credit facility 976,783 333,034 Proceeds from exercises of stock options 23,110 19,658 Payments on long-term debt, revolving credit facility, and finance lease obligations 
 (1,316,990) (530,909) Purchase of treasury stock (119,051) (24,016) Purchases of additional equity interests, net (12,000) Payment of contingent considerations (2,711) Other, net (26,900) (4,145) Net cash used in financing activities (475,048) (209,089) 
 Financing activities primarily consist of the proceeds and repayments of debt and certain equity related transactions including treasury stock purchases and employee stock option exercises. For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by the following activity: 
 Net repayments of 346.2 million towards our Credit Facility 
 Treasury stock purchases of 100.7 million associated with our stock repurchase program and 18.4 million due to the netting of common stock upon vesting of stock-based awards in order to satisfy individual statutory tax withholding requirements 
 Net proceeds from exercises of employee stock options of 23.1 million 
 Net dividend payments to noncontrolling interest holders of 14.5 million 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by the following activity: 
 Net repayments of 195 million towards our Credit Facility 
 Treasury stock purchases of 24.0 million made due to the netting of common stock upon vesting of stock-based awards in order to satisfy individual statutory tax withholding requirements 
 Net proceeds from exercises of employee stock options of 19.7 million 
 Financing and Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates, which could affect our future results of operations and financial condition. We manage our exposure to these risks through our regular operating and financing activities. 
 Amounts outstanding under our Credit Facility and our Senior Notes were as follows: September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 (in thousands) Revolving facility 794,290 1,129,243 4.25 Senior Notes due 2028 500,000 500,000 3.75 Senior Notes due 2029 500,000 500,000 4.00 Senior Notes due 2031 500,000 500,000 Total 2,294,290 2,629,243 
 37 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 The Credit Facility has a maturity date of April 2026, with no required scheduled payment before that date. The interest rates applicable to the Credit Facility are equal to (A) for revolving loans denominated in U.S. dollars, at our option, either the base rate (which is the higher of (1) the prime rate, (2) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 , or (3) the one-month adjusted term SOFR rate plus 1 or the adjusted term SOFR rate, (B) for revolving loans denominated in euros, the adjusted EURIBOR rate and (C) for revolving loans denominated in sterling, the daily simple SONIA rate, in each case, plus an interest rate margin based upon our leverage ratio. 
 We have an interest rate swap with a notional amount of 500 million to manage interest rate fluctuation related to our floating rate borrowings under the Credit Facility, at a fixed rate of 4.65 on our swap maturing November 2, 2024. We have not entered into any additional interest rate swap contracts. 
 Our off-balance sheet commitments related to our outstanding letters of credit as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 were 21.2 million and 21.6 million, respectively. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We operate on a global basis and have exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 While the financial results of our global activities are reported in U.S. dollars, our foreign subsidiaries typically conduct their operations in their respective local currency. The principal functional currencies of the Company s foreign subsidiaries are the Euro, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, and Mauritian Rupee. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the most significant drivers of foreign currency translation adjustment the Company recorded as part of Other comprehensive income (loss) were the British Pound, Mauritian Rupee, Euro, and Canadian Dollar. 
 Fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates of the countries in which we do business will affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. As the U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies, the value of our non-U.S. revenue, expenses, assets, liabilities, and cash flows will generally decline when reported in U.S. dollars. The impact to net income as a result of a U.S. dollar strengthening will be partially mitigated by the value of non-U.S. expenses, which will decline when reported in U.S. dollars. As the U.S. dollar weakens versus other currencies, the value of the non-U.S. revenue, expenses, assets, liabilities, and cash flows will generally increase when reported in U.S. dollars. For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, our revenue would have decreased by 96.8 million, and our operating income would have decreased by 5.8 million, if the U.S. dollar exchange rate had strengthened by 10 , with all other variables held constant. 
 We attempt to minimize this exposure by using certain financial instruments in accordance with our overall risk management and our hedge policy. We do not enter into speculative derivative agreements. 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 On August 2, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase authorization of 1 billion. This authorization fully replaces a prior stock repurchase authorization of 1.3 billion that had 129.1 million remaining when it was terminated and we did not repurchase any shares under the prior program during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we repurchased 0.5 million shares of common stock for 100.7 million under the new stock repurchase program. As of September 28, 2024, we had 899.3 million remaining on the current authorized stock repurchase program. 
 Additionally, our stock-based compensation plans permit the netting of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance share units in order to satisfy individual statutory tax withholding requirements. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we acquired 0.1 million shares for 18.4 million through such netting. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods, and the related disclosures. These estimates and assumptions are monitored and analyzed by us for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. We base our estimates on our historical experience, trends in the industry, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from our estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe that the application of our accounting policies, each of which require significant judgments and estimates on the part of management, are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2023 as filed with the SEC on 
 38 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 February 14, 2024. There have been no changes in the Company s critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements please refer to Note 1, Basis of Presentation, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Other than as discussed in Note 1, Basis of Presentation, we did not adopt any other new accounting pronouncements during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 that had a significant effect on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 The Company s exposure to market risk from changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates has not changed materially from its exposure discussed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023 as filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024. Our interest rate and currency exchange rate risks are fully described in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2023 and in Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources herein. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on their evaluation, required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15, promulgated by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, are effective, at a reasonable assurance level, as of September 28, 2024, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurances of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in designing and evaluating the controls and procedures. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no material changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during the quarter ended September 28, 2024 that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 39 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 On February 16, 2023, the Company was informed by the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) that in conjunction with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), it had commenced an investigation into the Company s conduct regarding several shipments of non-human primates from Cambodia. On February 17, 2023 the Company received a grand jury subpoena requesting certain documents related to such investigation. The Company is aware of a parallel civil investigation being undertaken by the DOJ and USFWS. The Company is cooperating with the DOJ and the USFWS and believes that the concerns raised with respect to the Company s conduct are without merit. The Company maintains a global supplier onboarding and oversight program incorporating risk-based due diligence, auditing, and monitoring practices to help ensure the quality of our supplier relationships and compliance with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations, and has operated under the belief that all shipments of non-human primates it received satisfied the material requirements, documentation and related processes and procedures of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), which guides the release of each import by USFWS. Notwithstanding our efforts and good-faith belief, in connection with the civil investigation, the Company has voluntarily suspended future shipments of non-human primates from Cambodia to the United States until such time that the Company and USFWS can agree upon and implement additional procedures to reasonably ensure that non-human primates imported from Cambodia are purpose-bred. The Company continues to care for the Cambodia-sourced non-human primates from certain shipments in the United States. The carrying value of the inventory related to these shipments is approximately 27 million as of September 28, 2024, which reflects the value of the shipments in accordance with the Company s inventory accounting policy. On May 16, 2023, the Company received an inquiry from the Enforcement Division of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) requesting it to voluntarily provide information, subsequently augmented with a document subpoena and additional inquiries, primarily related to the sourcing of non-human primates and related disclosures, and the Company is cooperating with these requests. We are not able to predict what action, if any, might be taken in the future by the DOJ, USFWS, SEC or other governmental authorities as a result of the investigations. None of the DOJ, USFWS or SEC has provided the Company with any specific timeline or indication as to when these investigations or, specific to the DOJ and USFWS, discussions regarding future processes and procedures, will be concluded or resolved. The Company cannot predict the timing, outcome or possible impact of the investigations, including without limitation any potential fines, penalties or liabilities. 
 A putative securities class action (Securities Class Action) was filed on May 19, 2023 against the Company and a number of its current/former officers in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. On August 31, 2023, the court appointed the State Teachers Retirement System of Ohio as lead plaintiff. An amended complaint was filed on November 14, 2023 that, among other things, included only James Foster, the Chief Executive Officer and David R. Smith, the former Chief Financial Officer as defendants along with the Company. The amended complaint asserts claims under 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of Company securities from May 5, 2020 through February 21, 2023, alleging that certain of the Company s disclosures about its practices with respect to the importation of non-human primates made during the putative class period were materially false or misleading. On July 1, 2024, the court dismissed the complaint, denied the plaintiff s informal request for leave to amend, and entered judgment for defendants. On July 30, 2024 the plaintiff filed a notice of appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. While the Company cannot predict the final outcome of this matter, it believes the class action to be without merit and plans to vigorously defend against it. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the maximum potential exposure or the range of possible loss in association with this matter. 
 On November 8, 2023, a stockholder filed a derivative lawsuit in the U.S. District Court of the District of Delaware asserting claims on the Company s behalf against the members of the Company s Board of Directors and certain of the Company s current/former officers (James Foster, the Chief Executive Officer; David R. Smith, the former Chief Financial Officer; and Flavia Pease, the current Chief Financial Officer). The complaint alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to the Company and its stockholders because certain of the Company s disclosures about its practices with respect to the importation of non-human primates were materially false or misleading. The complaint also alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by causing the Company to fail to maintain adequate internal controls over securities disclosure and compliance with applicable law and by failing to comply with the company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The lawsuit is currently stayed by agreement of the parties pending further developments in the Securities Class Action pending in the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. On August 2, 2024, a different stockholder filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court of Delaware asserting similar derivative claims on the Company s behalf against members of the Company s current and former Board of Directors and the same current/former officers based on similar allegations of purportedly misleading disclosures and non-compliance with legal rules and ethics standards in respect of the importation of non-human primates, as well as insider-trading claims against certain of the defendants. The lawsuit is currently stayed by agreement of the parties pending further developments in the Securities Class Action pending in the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. While the Company cannot predict the outcome of these matters, it believes the derivative lawsuits to be without merit 
 40 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 and plans to vigorously defend against them. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the maximum potential exposure or the range of possible loss in association with these matters. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and/or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or operating results. There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2023 as filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following table provides information relating to the purchases of shares of our common stock during the three months ended September 28, 2024. Total Number of Shares Purchased Average 
 Price Paid 
 per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) June 30, 2024 to July 27, 2024 80 205.00 129,105 July 28, 2024 to August 24, 2024 500,101 201.36 500,000 899,326 August 25, 2024 to September 28, 2024 356 197.75 899,326 Total 500,537 500,000 (1) The average price paid per share excludes 0.6 million of excise taxes incurred on share repurchases for the three months ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 On August 2, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase authorization of 1 billion. This authorization fully replaces a prior stock repurchase authorization of 1.3 billion that had 129.1 million remaining when it was terminated. During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we repurchased 0.5 million shares of common stock for 100.7 million under the new stock repurchase program. As of September 28, 2024, we had 899.3 million remaining on the current authorized stock repurchase program. 
 Additionally, our stock-based compensation plans permit the netting of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance share units in order to satisfy individual statutory tax withholding requirements. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the quarter ended September 28, 2024, none of our officers or directors or any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K, except as follows: 
 , , one of our s, into a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement for the sale of up to shares of common stock, in connection with the vesting of RSUs in May 2025, subject to certain conditions. The arrangement s expiration date is . 
 
 41 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Item 6. Exhibits (a) Exhibits Description of Exhibits 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1+ Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) of 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 101.INS eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document + Furnished herein. 
 
 42 

CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. November 6, 2024 /s/ JAMES C. FOSTER James C. Foster 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 November 6, 2024 /s/ FLAVIA H. PEASE Flavia H. Pease 
 Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 crl9282024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 AND RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, James C. Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. (the registrant) certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 of the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s James C. Foster 
 November 6, 2024 James C. Foster 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 crl9282024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 AND RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Flavia H. Pease, Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. (the registrant) certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 of the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Flavia H. Pease 
 November 6, 2024 Flavia H. Pease 
 Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 crl9282024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 of Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, James C. Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Flavia H. Pease, Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, to the best of his knowledge and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s James C. Foster 
 November 6, 2024 James C. Foster 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. 
 s Flavia H. Pease 
 November 6, 2024 
 Flavia H. Pease 
 Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. 

This certification shall not be deemed filed for any purpose, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 crl-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 crl-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 crl-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 crl-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 crl-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

