<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_868671_0000868671-24-000094.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17812008</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>179954</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2113013</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8569212</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3271692</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3202043</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000868671-24-000094.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031163149
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000868671-24-000094
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLACIER BANCORP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000868671
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				810519541
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41170
		FILM NUMBER:		241415717

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		49 COMMONS LOOP
		CITY:			KALISPELL
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		406-751-7708

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		49 COMMONS LOOP
		CITY:			KALISPELL
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLACIER BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000868671-24-000094.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 gbci-20240930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

gbci-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission file number 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of shares of Registrant s common stock outstanding on October 22, 2024 was . No preferred shares are issued or outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Part I. Financial Information Item 1 Financial Statements Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 52 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 84 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 84 
 Part II. Other Information 
 84 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 84 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 84 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 85 
 Item 3 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 85 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 85 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 85 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 86 
 Signatures 
 87 

ABBREVIATIONS/ACRONYMS 
 ACL or allowance allowance for credit losses 
 AFS - available-for-sale 
 ALCO Asset Liability Committee 
 ASC Accounting Standards Codification TM 
 ASU Accounting Standards Update 
 ATM automated teller machine 
 Bank Glacier Bank 
 BTFP - Bank Term Funding Program of the Federal Reserve Bank 
 CDE Certified Development Entity 
 CDFI Fund Community Development Financial Institutions Fund 
 CECL current expected credit losses 
 CEO Chief Executive Officer 
 CFO Chief Financial Officer 
 CFGW Community Financial Group, Inc. 
 CRE - Commercial real estate 
 Company Glacier Bancorp, Inc. 
 DDA demand deposit account 
 Fannie Mae Federal National Mortgage Association 
 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank 
 Final Rules final rules implemented by the federal banking agencies that established a 
 new comprehensive regulatory capital framework 
 FRB Federal Reserve Bank 
 Freddie Mac Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
 GAAP accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
 GDP gross domestic product 
 Ginnie Mae Government National Mortgage Association 
 HTM - Held-to-maturity 
 Interest rate locks - residential real estate derivatives for commitments 
 LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate 
 LIHTC Low Income Housing Tax Credit 
 MBFD - Modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty 
 NMTC New Markets Tax Credit 
 NOW negotiable order of withdrawal 
 NRSRO Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations 
 OCI other comprehensive income 
 OREO other real estate owned 
 PCD purchased credit-deteriorated 
 PPP Paycheck Protection Program 
 Repurchase agreements securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 RMB Rocky Mountain Bank 
 ROU right-of-use 
 S P Standard and Poor s 
 SBA United States Small Business Administration 
 SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
 TBA to-be-announced 
 TDR troubled debt restructuring 
 VIE variable interest entity 
 Wheatland Wheatland Bank 

GLACIER BANCORP, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash on hand and in banks Interest bearing cash deposits Cash and cash equivalents Debt securities, available-for-sale Debt securities, held-to-maturity Total debt securities Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans receivable Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans receivable, net Premises and equipment, net Other real estate owned and foreclosed assets 
 Accrued interest receivable Deferred tax asset Intangibles, net Goodwill Non-marketable equity securities Bank-owned life insurance Other assets Total assets Liabilities Non-interest bearing deposits Interest bearing deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank advances FRB Bank Term Funding Other borrowed funds Subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingent Liabilities Stockholders Equity Preferred shares, par value per share, shares authorized, issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized at 
 September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings - substantially restricted Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity Number of common stock shares issued and outstanding 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

GLACIER BANCORP, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three Months ended Nine Months ended (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest Income Investment securities Residential real estate loans Commercial loans Consumer and other loans Total interest income Interest Expense Deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank advances FRB Bank Term Funding Other borrowed funds 
 Subordinated debentures Total interest expense Net Interest Income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-Interest Income Service charges and other fees Miscellaneous loan fees and charges Gain on sale of loans Gain (loss) on sale of securities ) ) Other income Total non-interest income Non-Interest Expense Compensation and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Advertising and promotions Data processing Other real estate owned and foreclosed assets Regulatory assessments and insurance Intangibles amortization Other expenses Total non-interest expense Income Before Income Taxes Federal and state income tax expense Net Income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Dividends declared per share Average outstanding shares - basic Average outstanding shares - diluted 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

GLACIER BANCORP, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF 
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Three Months ended Nine Months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Available-For-Sale and Transferred Securities: Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity 
 Tax effect ) ) Net of tax amount ) ) Cash Flow Hedge: Unrealized (losses) gains on derivatives used for cash flow hedges 
 ) Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income 
 ) ) ) ) Tax effect Net of tax amount ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) Total Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

GLACIER BANCORP, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES 
 IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Three Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings- Substantially Restricted Accumulated Other Compre- hensive (Loss) Income Shares Amount Total Balance at July 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock issuances under stock incentive plans 
 Stock-based compensation and related taxes 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Balance at July 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock issuances under stock incentive plans 
 Stock-based compensation and related taxes 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

GLACIER BANCORP, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES 
 IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings- Substantially Restricted Accumulated Other Compre- hensive (Loss) Income Shares Amount Total Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock issuances under stock incentive plans 
 ) Stock-based compensation and related taxes 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Balance at January 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock issued in connection with acquisitions 
 Stock issuances under stock incentive plans 
 ) Stock-based compensation and related taxes 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

GLACIER BANCORP, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Nine Months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Net amortization of debt securities Net amortization of purchase accounting adjustments and deferred loan fees and costs ) ) Origination of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from loans held for sale Gain on sale of loans ) ) (Gain) loss on sale of securities ) Bank-owned life insurance income, net ) ) Stock-based compensation, net of tax benefits Depreciation and amortization of premises and equipment Gain on sale and write-downs of other real estate owned, net ) ) Amortization of core deposit intangibles Amortization of investments in variable interest entities Net increase in accrued interest receivable ) ) Net increase in other assets ) ) Net (decrease) increase in accrued interest payable ) Net increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Sales of available-for-sale debt securities Maturities, prepayments and calls of available-for-sale debt securities Purchases of available-for-sale debt securities ) Maturities, prepayments and calls of held-to-maturity debt securities Principal collected on loans Loan originations ) ) Net additions to premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Proceeds from redemption of non-marketable equity securities Purchases of non-marketable equity securities ) ) Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance Investments in variable interest entities ) ) Net cash received from acquisitions Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

GLACIER BANCORP, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 Nine Months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Financing Activities Net decrease in deposits ) ) Net increase in securities sold under agreements to repurchase Net decrease in short-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) ) Proceeds from short-term FRB Bank Term Funding advances Repayments of short-term FRB Bank Term Funding ) Proceeds from long-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances Net increase (decrease) in other borrowed funds ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Tax withholding payments for stock-based compensation ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the period for interest Cash paid during the period for income taxes Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Sale and refinancing of other real estate owned Transfer of loans to other real estate owned Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities Equity investments obtained in exchange for delayed equity contributions Dividends declared during the period but not paid Acquisitions Fair value of common stock shares issued Cash consideration Fair value of assets acquired Liabilities assumed 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

GLACIER BANCORP, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 

Principles of Consolidation 
 bank divisions and a corporate division. The corporate division includes the Bank s investment portfolio, wholesale borrowings and other centralized functions. The Bank divisions operate under separate names, management teams and advisory directors. The Company considers the Bank to be its sole operating segment as the Bank 1) engages in similar bank business activity from which it earns revenues and incurs expenses; 2) the operating results of the Bank are regularly reviewed by the Chief Executive Officer CEO (i.e., the chief operating decision maker) who makes decisions about resources to be allocated to the Bank; and 3) financial information is available for the Bank. All significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 The Bank has subsidiary interests in variable interest entities VIE for which the Bank has both the power to direct the VIE s significant activities and the obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. These subsidiary interests are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Bank also has subsidiary interests in VIEs for which the Bank does not have a controlling financial interest and is not the primary beneficiary. These subsidiary interests are not included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. For additional information on the Bank s interest in VIEs, see Note 7. 
 
 The parent holding company owns non-bank subsidiaries that have issued trust preferred securities. The trust subsidiaries are not included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company's investments in the trust subsidiaries are included in other assets on the Company's statements of financial condition. 
 
 11 

Montana branch banking offices of Rocky Mountain Bank RMB from HTLF Bank HTLF ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Heartland Financial USA, Inc. The RMB branches are located in Billings, Bozeman, Plentywood, Stevensville, and Whitehall. The RMB branches have joined Glacier Bank divisions operating in Montana. 
 
 For additional information relating to mergers and acquisitions, see Note 14. 
 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 or less. Interest bearing deposits are maintained at other financial institutions as collateral for certain derivative contracts and are considered restricted cash. The Company had and of restricted cash held as collateral for derivative contracts as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Bank is required to maintain an average reserve balance with either the FRB or in the form of cash on hand at a reserve rate determined by the FRB. Effective March 26, 2020, the FRB Board reduced the reserve requirement ratio to zero percent. The required reserve balance at September 30, 2024 was . 
 
 Debt Securities 
 
 For additional information relating to debt securities, see Note 2. 
 12 

The Company has elected to exclude accrued interest from the estimate of credit losses for held-to-maturity debt securities. As part of its non-accrual policy, the Company charges off uncollectable interest at the time it is determined to be uncollectable. 
 
 Loans Held for Sale 
 
 Loans Receivable 
 days or more past due based on payments received and applied to the loan are considered delinquent. Loans are designated non-accrual and the accrual of interest is discontinued when the collection of the contractual principal or interest is unlikely. A loan is typically placed on non-accrual when principal or interest is due and has remained unpaid for days or more, unless the loan is in active collection and is adequately secured. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current period interest income. Subsequent payments on non-accrual loans are applied to the outstanding principal balance if doubt remains as to the ultimate collectability of the loan. Interest accruals are not resumed on partially charged-off impaired loans. For other loans on non-accrual, interest accruals are resumed on such loans only when they are brought fully current with respect to interest and principal and when, in the judgment of management, the loans are estimated to be fully collectible as to both principal and interest. 
 
 13 

days or more past due or substandard loans to be PCD loans. An ACL is determined using the same methodology as other loans held for investment. The ACL determined on a collective basis is allocated to individual loans. The sum of a loan s fair value and ACL becomes the initial amortized cost basis. The difference between the initial amortized cost basis and the par value of the loan is a noncredit discount or premium, which is amortized into interest income over the life of the loan. Subsequent changes to the ACL are recorded through provision for credit losses. 
 
 For additional information relating to loans, see Note 3. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans Receivable 
 days delinquent. Real estate acquired as a result of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure is classified as other real estate owned OREO until such time as it is sold. 
 
 The expected credit loss estimate process involves procedures to consider the unique characteristics of each of the Company s loan portfolio segments, which consist of residential real estate, commercial real estate, other commercial, home equity, and other consumer loans. When computing the allowance levels, credit loss assumptions are estimated using a model that categorizes loan pools based on loss history, credit and risk characteristics, including current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future. The Company has determined a consecutive quarter forecasting period is a reasonable and supportable period. Expected credit loss for periods beyond reasonable and supportable forecast periods are determined based on a reversion method which reverts back to historical loss estimates over a consecutive quarter period on a straight-line basis. 
 
 Credit quality is assessed and monitored by evaluating various attributes and the results of those evaluations are utilized in underwriting new loans and the process for estimating the expected credit losses. The following paragraphs describe the risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment. 
 
 Residential Real Estate. Residential real estate loans are secured by owner-occupied 1-4 family residences. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the personal income and credit rating of the borrowers. Credit risk in these loans is impacted by economic conditions within the Company s market areas that affect the value of the residential property securing the loans and affect the borrowers' personal incomes. Mitigating risk factors for this loan segment include a large number of borrowers, geographic dispersion of market areas and the loans are originated for relatively smaller amounts. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate . Commercial real estate loans typically involve larger principal amounts, and repayment of these loans is generally dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan and/or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Credit risk in these loans is impacted by the creditworthiness of a borrower, valuation of the property securing the loan and conditions within the local economies in the Company s diverse geographic market areas. 
 
 Commercial . Commercial loans consist of loans to commercial customers for use in financing working capital needs, equipment purchases and business expansions. The loans in this category are repaid primarily from the cash flow of a borrower s principal business operation. Credit risk in these loans is driven by creditworthiness of a borrower and the economic conditions that impact the cash flow stability from business operations across the Company s diverse geographic market areas. 

14 

to years. 
 
 Other Consumer . The other consumer loan portfolio consists of various short-term loans such as automobile loans and loans for other personal purposes. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the personal income of the borrowers. Credit risk is driven by consumer economic factors (such as unemployment and general economic conditions in the Company s diverse geographic market areas) and the creditworthiness of a borrower. 
 
 The allowance is impacted by loan volumes, delinquency status, credit ratings, historical loss experiences, estimated prepayment speeds, weighted average lives and other conditions influencing loss expectations, such as reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. The methodology for estimating the amount of expected credit losses reported in the allowance has basic components: 1) individual loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with other loans and the measurement of expected credit losses for such individual loans; and 2) the expected credit losses for pools of loans that share similar risk characteristics. 
 
 Loans that do not Share Similar Risk Characteristics with Other Loans. For a loan that does not share similar risk characteristics with other loans, expected credit loss is measured based on the net realizable value, that is, the difference between the discounted value of the expected future cash flows, based on the original effective interest rate, and the amortized cost basis of the loan. For these loans, the expected credit loss is equal to the amount by which the net realizable value of the loan is less than the amortized cost basis of the loan (which is net of previous charge-offs and deferred loan fees and costs), except when the loan is collateral-dependent, that is, when foreclosure is probable or the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. In these cases, expected credit loss is measured as the difference between the amortized cost basis of the loan and the fair value of the collateral. The fair value of the collateral is adjusted for the estimated cost to sell if repayment or satisfaction of a loan is dependent on the sale (rather than only on the operation) of the collateral. The Company has determined that non-accrual loans do not share similar risk characteristics with other loans and these loans are individually evaluated for estimated allowance for credit losses. The Company, through its credit monitoring process, may also identify other loans that do not share similar risk characteristics and individually evaluate such loans. The starting point for determining the fair value of collateral is to obtain external appraisals or evaluations (new or updated). The valuation techniques used in preparing appraisals or evaluations (new or updated) include the cost approach, income approach, sales comparison approach, or a combination of the preceding valuation techniques. The Company s credit department reviews appraisals, giving consideration to the highest and best use of the collateral. The appraisals or evaluations (new or updated) are reviewed at least quarterly and more frequently based on current market conditions, including deterioration in a borrower s financial condition and when property values may be subject to significant volatility. Adjustments may be made to the fair value of the collateral after review and acceptance of the collateral appraisal or evaluation (new or updated). 
 
 Loans that Share Similar Risk Characteristics with other Loans. For estimating the allowance for loans that share similar risk characteristics with other loans, such loans are segregated into loan segments. Loans are designated into loan segments based on loans pooled by product types and similar risk characteristics or areas of risk concentration. In determining the ACL, the Company derives an estimated credit loss assumption from a model that categorizes loan pools based on loan type. This model calculates an expected loss percentage for each loan segment by considering the non-discounted simple annual average historical loss rate of each loan segment (calculated through an open pool method), multiplying the loss rate by the amortized loan balance and incorporating that segment s internally generated prepayment speed assumption and contractually scheduled remaining principal pay downs on a loan level basis. The annual historical loss rates are adjusted over a reasonable economic forecast period by a multiplier that is calculated based upon current national economic forecasts as a proportion of each segment s historical average loss levels. The Company will then revert from the economic forecast period back to the historical average loss rate in a straight-line basis. After the reversion period, the loans will be assumed to experience their historical loss rate for the remainder of their contractual lives. The model applies the expected loss rate over the projected cash flows at the individual loan level and then aggregates the losses by loan segment in determining their quantitative allowance. The Company will also include qualitative adjustments to adjust the ACL on loan segments to the extent the current or future market conditions are believed to vary substantially from historical conditions in regards to: 
 
 15 

to days past due loans; and 3) non-accrual and days or more past due loans. The primary credit quality indicator for commercial real estate and commercial loans is the Company s internal risk rating system, which includes the following categories: 1) pass loans; 2) special mention loans; 3) substandard loans; and 4) doubtful or loss loans. Such credit quality indicators are regularly monitored and incorporated into the Company s allowance estimate. The following paragraphs further define the internal risk ratings for commercial real estate and commercial loans. 
 
 Pass Loans. These ratings represent loans that are of acceptable, good or excellent quality with very limited to no risk. Loans that do not have one of the following ratings are considered pass loans. 
 
 Special Mention Loans. These ratings represent loans that are designated as special mention per the regulatory definition. Special mention loans are currently protected but are potentially weak. The credit risk may be relatively minor yet constitute an undue and unwarranted risk in light of the circumstances surrounding a specific loan. The rating may be used to identify credit with potential weaknesses that if not corrected may weaken the loan to the point of inadequately protecting the Bank s credit position. Examples include a lack of supervision, inadequate loan agreement, condition, or control of collateral, incomplete, or improper documentation, deviations from lending policy, and adverse trends in operations or economic conditions. 
 
 Substandard Loans. This rating represents loans that are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged. A loan so classified must have a well-defined weakness that jeopardizes the liquidation of the debt. These loans are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Loss potential, while existing in the aggregated amount of substandard loans, does not have to exist in an individual loan classified substandard. 
 
 Doubtful/Loss Loans. A loan classified as doubtful has the characteristics that make collection in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly improbable. The possibility of loss is extremely high, but because of pending factors, which may work to the advantage and strengthening of the loan, its classification as loss is deferred until its more exact status may be determined. Pending factors include proposed merger, acquisition, or liquidation procedures, capital injection, perfecting liens on additional collateral and refinancing plans. Loans are classified as loss when they are deemed to be not collectible and of such little value that continuance as an active asset of the Bank is not warranted. Loans classified as loss must be charged-off. Assignment of this classification does not mean that an asset has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but that it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off a basically worthless asset, even though partial recovery may be attained in the future. 
 
 Modifications 
 The Company identifies modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty MBFD as a loan that has been modified for the borrower that is experiencing financial difficulties. The Company considers some of the indicators that a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty to be: currently in payment default on any of their debt, declaring bankruptcy, going concern, borrower s securities have been delisted, and other indicators of inability to meet obligations. This list does not include all potential indicators of a borrower s financial difficulties. Each debt modification is separately negotiated with the borrower and includes terms and conditions that reflect the borrower s prospective ability to service their obligations as modified. The allowance for credit losses on loans that are considered MBFD s are measured using the same method as all other loans held for investment. 
 16 

Provision for credit loss unfunded ) ) ) Total provision for credit losses 
 
 There was provision for credit losses on debt securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Premises and Equipment 
 to years and the estimated useful life for furniture, fixtures, and equipment is to years. Interest is capitalized for any significant building projects. 
 
 Leases 
 months or less on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and exclude such leases from the Company s statements of financial condition. Renewal and termination options are considered when determining short-term leases. Leases are accounted for on an individual lease level. 

For additional information relating to leases, see Note 4. 

17 

Business Combinations and Intangible Assets 
 following consummation of a business combination. 

For additional information relating to goodwill, see Note 5. 
 
 Loan Servicing Rights 
 18 

For additional information relating to loan servicing rights, see Note 6. 
 
 Equity Securities 

Federal Reserve Bank Term Funding Program 
 During the first quarter 2023, the FRB offered a new Bank Term Funding Program BTFP for eligible depository institutions. The BTFP offered loans of up to one year in length to institutions pledging collateral eligible for purchase by the FRB in open market operations such as U.S. Treasuries, U.S. Agency securities, and U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities. The assets were valued at par for pledging purposes. The Company paid off the BTFP loans in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Other Borrowings 
 For additional information relating to VIE s, see Note 7. 
 
 Bank-Owned Life Insurance 

Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 
 19 

For additional information relating to the derivatives and hedging activity, see Note 9. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and largely consisted of revenue from service charges and other fees from deposits (e.g., overdraft fees, ATM fees, debit card fees). Due to the short-term nature of the Company s contracts with customers, an insignificant amount of receivables related to such revenue was recorded at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and there were impairment losses recognized. Policies specific to revenue from contracts with customers include the following: 
 
 Service Charges. Revenue from service charges consists of service charges and fees on deposit accounts under depository agreements with customers to provide access to deposited funds and, when applicable, pay interest on deposits. Service charges on deposit accounts may be transactional or non-transactional in nature. Transactional service charges occur in the form of a service or penalty and are charged upon the occurrence of an event (e.g., overdraft fees, ATM fees, wire transfer fees). Transactional service charges are recognized as services are delivered to and consumed by the customer, or as penalty fees are charged. Non-transactional service charges are charges that are based on a broader service, such as account maintenance fees and dormancy fees, and are recognized on a monthly basis. 
 
 Debit Card Fees. Revenue from debit card fees includes interchange fee income from debit cards processed through card association networks. Interchange fees represent a portion of a transaction amount that the Company and other involved parties retain to compensate themselves for giving the cardholder immediate access to funds. Interchange rates are generally set by the card association networks and are based on purchase volumes and other factors. The Company records interchange fees as services are provided. 
 
 Accounting Guidance Adopted in 2024 

20 

Note 2. 
 ) U.S. government sponsored enterprises ) State and local governments ) Corporate bonds ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Total available-for-sale ) Held-to-maturity U.S. government and federal agency ) State and local governments ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Total held-to-maturity ) Total debt securities ) 

21 

) U.S. government sponsored enterprises ) State and local governments ) Corporate bonds ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Total available-for-sale ) Held-to-maturity U.S. government and federal agency ) State and local governments ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Total held-to-maturity ) Total debt securities ) 

Maturity Analysis 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities 1 
 Total 
 ______________________________ 
 1 Mortgage-backed securities, which have prepayment provisions, are not assigned to maturity categories due to fluctuations in their prepayment speeds. 
 
 22 

Gross realized gains 1 
 Gross realized losses 1 
 ) ) ) Held-to-maturity Proceeds from calls of debt securities Gross realized gains 1 
 Gross realized losses 1 
 ) ) ) ) 
 ______________________________ 
 1 The gain or loss on the sale or call of each debt security is determined by the specific identification method. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 In assessing whether a credit loss existed on available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, the Company compared the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the debt securities with the amortized cost basis of the debt securities. In addition, the following factors were evaluated individually and collectively in determining the existence of expected credit losses: 
 credit ratings from Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations NRSRO entities such as Standard and Poor s [ S P ] and Moody s); 
 extent to which the fair value is less than cost; 
 adverse conditions, if any, specifically related to the impaired securities, including the industry and geographic area; 
 the overall deal and payment structure of the debt securities, including the investor entity s position within the structure, underlying obligors, financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, including specific events that may affect the issuer s operations or future earnings, and credit support or enhancements; and 
 failure of the issuer and underlying obligors, if any, to make scheduled payments of interest and principal. 
 23 

) ) ) U.S. government sponsored enterprises 
 ) ) State and local governments ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) ) Total available-for-sale 
 ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Number of Securities Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total (Dollars in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Available-for-sale U.S. government and federal agency 
 ) ) ) U.S. government sponsored enterprises 
 ) ) State and local governments ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) ) Total available-for-sale 
 ) ) ) 
 
 With respect to severity, the majority of available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized loss positions at September 30, 2024 were issued by Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae ), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae and other agencies of the U.S. government or have credit ratings issued by one or more of the NRSRO entities in the highest credit rating categories. All of the Company s available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized loss positions at September 30, 2024 have been determined to be investment grade. 
 
 The Company did t have any past due available-for-sale debt securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Accrued interest receivable on available-for-sale debt securities totaled and at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 

24 

ACL was recorded on available-for-sale debt securities at September 30, 2024. As part of this determination, the Company considered contractual obligations, regulatory constraints, liquidity, capital, asset/liability management and securities portfolio objectives and whether or not any of the Company s investment securities were managed by third-party investment funds. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities 
 The Company measured expected credit losses on held-to-maturity debt securities on a collective basis by major security type and NRSRO credit ratings, which is the Company s primary credit quality indicator for state and local government securities. The estimate of expected credit losses considered historical credit loss information that was adjusted for current conditions as well as reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 S P: AA+, AA, AA- / Moody s: Aa1, Aa2, Aa3 
 S P: A+, A, A- / Moody s: A1, A2, A3 
 Not rated by either entity 
 Total municipal bonds held-to-maturity 

The Company s municipal bonds in the held-to-maturity debt securities portfolio is primarily comprised of general obligation and revenue bonds with NRSRO ratings in the highest credit rating categories. All of the Company s municipal bonds that are classified as held-to-maturity debt securities at September 30, 2024 have been determined to be investment grade. Held-to-maturity debt securities included in the Company s U.S. government and federal agency and residential mortgage-backed security categories are issued and guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae and other agencies of the U.S. government are considered to be zero-loss securities. This determination is in consideration of the explicit and implicit guarantees by the US Government, the US Government s ability to print its own currency, a history of no credit losses by the US Government and noted agencies and the current economic and financial condition of the United States and US Government providing no indication the zero-loss determination is unjustified . 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did t have any held-to-maturity debt securities past due. Accrued interest receivable on held-to-maturity debt securities totaled and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and were excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 Based on the Company s evaluation, an insignificant amount of credit losses is expected on the held-to-maturity debt securities portfolio; therefore, ACL was recorded at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

25 

Note 3. 
 
 Commercial real estate Other commercial Home equity Other consumer Loans receivable Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans receivable, net Net deferred origination (fees) costs included in loans receivable ) ) Net purchase accounting (discounts) premiums included in loans receivable ) ) Accrued interest receivable on loans 
 
 Substantially all of the Company s loans receivable are with borrowers in the Company s geographic market areas. Although the Company has a diversified loan portfolio, a substantial portion of borrowers ability to service their obligations is dependent upon the economic performance in the Company s markets. 
 
 The Company had no significant purchases or sales of portfolio loans or reclassification of loans held for investment to loans held for sale during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans Receivable 
 The ACL is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected on loans. 
 Provision for credit losses Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at end of period 
 
 Three Months ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Total Residential Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Other Commercial Home Equity Other Consumer Balance at beginning of period Provision for credit losses Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at end of period 
 26 

Acquisitions Provision for credit losses ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at end of period 
 
 Nine Months ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Total Residential Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Other Commercial Home Equity Other Consumer Balance at beginning of period Provision for credit losses Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at end of period 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the ACL increased primarily as a result of loan portfolio growth. 
 
 The sizeable charge-offs in the other consumer loan segment was driven by deposit overdraft charge-offs which typically experience high charge-off rates and the amounts were comparable to historical trends. The other segments generally experience routine charge-offs and recoveries, with occasional large credit relationships charge-offs and recoveries that cause fluctuations from prior periods. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there have been no significant changes to the types of collateral securing collateral-dependent loans. 
 
 Aging Analysis 
 Accruing loans 60-89 days past due Accruing loans 90 days or more past due 
 Non-accrual loans with no ACL Non-accrual loans with ACL Total past due and 
 non-accrual loans 
 Current loans receivable Total loans receivable 
 27 

Accruing loans 60-89 days past due Accruing loans 90 days or more past due 
 Non-accrual loans with no ACL Non-accrual loans with ACL Total past due and non-accrual loans 
 Current loans receivable Total loans receivable 
 
 The Company had and of interest reversed on non-accrual loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Collateral-Dependent Loans 
 A loan is considered collateral-dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. The collateral on the loans is a significant portion of what secures the collateral-dependent loans and significant changes to the fair value of the collateral can impact the ACL. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no significant changes to collateral which secures the collateral-dependent loans, whether due to general deterioration or other reasons. 
 Residential real estate Other real estate Other Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Total Residential Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Other Commercial Home Equity Other Consumer Business assets Residential real estate Other real estate Other Total 

28 

Other commercial Total 
 
 At or for the Three Months ended September 30, 2023 
 Term Extension and Payment Deferral Combination - Term Extension and Interest Rate Reduction (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class Total Residential real estate Commercial real estate Other commercial Other consumer Total 
 
 At or for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 Term Extension and Payment Deferral Combination - Term Extension and Interest Rate Reduction (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class Total Residential real estate Commercial real estate Other commercial Total 
 
 29 

Commercial real estate Other commercial Home equity Other consumer Total 
 
 The following tables describe the financial effect of the modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty by segment: 
 At or for the Three Months ended September 30, 2024 Weighted Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted Average Term Extension Principal Forgiveness Other commercial months 
 
 At or for the Three Months ended September 30, 2023 
 Weighted Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted Average Term Extension Principal Forgiveness Commercial real estate months Other commercial months Home equity 
 
 At or for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 Weighted Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted Average Term Extension Principal Forgiveness Residential real estate Commercial real estate Other commercial months 
 
 At or for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2023 
 Weighted Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted Average Term Extension Principal Forgiveness Commercial real estate months Other commercial Other consumer thousand 
 
 There were loans modified in the twelve months that had a payment default during the period at September 30, 2024. There were and of additional unfunded commitments on MBFDs outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and , respectively, of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and , respectively, of OREO secured by residential real estate properties. 
 
 30 

Commercial real estate Other commercial Total 
 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Total Current 30-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due Non-Accrual Residential real estate Commercial real estate Other commercial Home equity Other consumer Total 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 The Company categorizes commercial real estate and other commercial loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their obligations. 
 31 

2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Revolving loans Total Other commercial loans Term loans by origination year 
 2024 (year-to-date) 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Revolving loans Total 
 
 32 

2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving loans Total Other commercial loans Term loans by origination year 
 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving loans Total 

33 

2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Revolving loans Total Home equity loans Term loans by origination year 
 2024 (year-to-date) 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Revolving loans Total Other consumer loans Term loans by origination year 
 2024 (year-to-date) 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Revolving loans Total 
 
 34 

2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving loans Total Home equity loans Term loans by origination year 
 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving loans Total Other consumer loans Term loans by origination year 
 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving loans Total 

35 

Note 4. 

Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net ROU assets Lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term years years years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 Maturing one year through two years Maturing two years through three years Maturing three years through four years Maturing four years through five years Thereafter Total lease payments Present value of lease payments Short-term Long-term Total present value of lease payments Difference between lease payments and present value of lease payments 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) ) Total lease expense 
 
 36 

Financing cash flows N/A N/A 
 
 Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Finance Leases Operating Leases Finance Leases Operating Leases Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 
 Operating cash flows Financing cash flows N/A N/A 

Note 5. 
 
 Acquisitions and adjustments Net carrying value at end of period 
 
 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. For additional information relating to current year acquisitions, see Note 14. 

37 

Note 6. 

Additions Amortization ) ) Carrying value at end of period Principal balances of loans serviced for others Fair value of servicing rights 

Note 7. 
 
 and is subject to recapture if certain events occur during such period. The maximum exposure to loss in the CDEs is the amount of equity invested and credit extended by the Company. However, the Company has credit protection in the form of indemnification agreements, guarantees, and collateral arrangements. The Company has evaluated the variable interests held by the Company in each CDE (NMTC) investment and determined the Company does not individually meet the characteristics of a primary beneficiary; however, the related-party group does meet the criteria as a group and substantially all of the activities of the CDEs either involve or are conducted on behalf of the Company. As a result, the Company is the primary beneficiary of the CDEs and their assets, liabilities, and results of operations are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The primary activities of the CDEs are recognized in commercial loans interest income and other borrowed funds interest expense on the Company s statements of operations and the federal income tax credit allocations from the investments are recognized in the Company s statements of operations as a component of income tax expense. Such related cash flows are recognized in loans originated, principal collected on loans and change in other borrowed funds. 

38 

Accrued interest receivable Other assets Total assets Liabilities Other borrowed funds Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities 

Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities 
 The Company has equity investments in LIHTC partnerships, both directly and through tax credit funds, with carrying values of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The LIHTCs are indirect federal subsidies to finance low-income housing and are used in connection with both newly constructed and renovated residential rental buildings. Once a project is placed in service, it is generally eligible for the tax credit for . To continue generating the tax credit and to avoid tax credit recapture, a LIHTC building must satisfy specific low-income housing compliance rules for a full . The maximum exposure to loss in the VIEs is the amount of equity invested and credit extended by the Company. However, the Company has credit protection in the form of indemnification agreements, guarantees, and collateral arrangements. The Company has evaluated the variable interests held by the Company in each LIHTC investment and determined that the Company does not have controlling financial interests in such investments, and is not the primary beneficiary. The Company reports the investments in the unconsolidated LIHTCs as other assets on the Company s statements of financial condition and any unfunded equity commitments in other liabilities. There were impairment losses on the Company s LIHTC investments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

39 

Tax credits and other tax benefits recognized 

The Company also owns the following trust subsidiaries, each of which issued trust preferred securities as capital instruments: Glacier Capital Trust II, Glacier Capital Trust III, Glacier Capital Trust IV, Citizens (ID) Statutory Trust I, Bank of the San Juans Bancorporation Trust I, First Company Statutory Trust 2001, First Company Statutory Trust 2003, FNB (UT) Statutory Trust I and FNB (UT) Statutory Trust II. The trust subsidiaries have no assets, operations, revenues or cash flows other than those related to the issuance, administration and repayment of the securities held by third parties. The trust subsidiaries are not included in the Company s consolidated financial statements because the sole asset of each trust subsidiary is a receivable from the Company, even though the Company owns all of the voting equity shares of the trust subsidiaries, has fully guaranteed the obligations of the trust subsidiaries and may have the right to redeem the third party securities under certain circumstances. The Company reports the trust preferred securities issued to the trust subsidiaries as subordinated debentures on the Company s statements of financial condition. 

Note 8. 
 
 Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Total 
 
 and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Securities are pledged to customers at the time of the transaction in an amount at least equal to the outstanding balance and are held in custody accounts by third parties. The fair value of collateral is continually monitored and additional collateral is provided as deemed appropriate. 

Note 9. 
 
 on its variable rate subordinated debentures and were determined to be fully effective during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The interest rate caps require receipt of variable amounts from the counterparty when interest rates rise above the strike price in the contracts. The strike prices in the term contracts range from percent to percent. The variable rate is based on 90 days of compounded overnight SOFR plus a spread of percent. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the interest rate caps had a fair value of and , respectively, and were reported as other assets on the Company s statements of financial condition. Amortization recorded on the interest rate caps totaled for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was reported as a component of interest expense on subordinated debentures. 

40 

Amount of gain reclassified from OCI to net income 

Fair Value Hedges 
 
 Interest Rate Swap Agreements. The Company entered into fair value hedges for a closed pool of fixed rate debt securities. The instruments are designated as fair value hedges as the changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap are expected to offset changes in the fair value of the hedged item attributable to changes in the compounded overnight secured overnight financing SOFR rate, the designated benchmark interest rate. These derivative contracts involve the receipt of floating rate interest from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the contract, without the exchange of the underlying notional value. 
 
 years SOFR 
 
 December 31, 2023 Weighted Average (Dollars in thousands) Notional Amount Asset Derivative Liability Derivative Remaining Maturity Receive Rate Pay Rate Interest rate swap - securities years SOFR 
 
 The following amounts were recorded on the balance sheet related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges: 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Amortized cost of the Hedged Assets Amortized Cost of Fair Value Hedging Included in the Carrying Amount of the Hedged Assets Line item on the balance sheet September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Investment securities available-for-sale 
 
 The effects of the fair value hedge relationships on the income statement were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months ended (Dollars in thousands) Location of Gain (Loss) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest rate swap Interest income on investment securities ) AFS debt securities Interest income on investment securities 

41 

and , respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the related derivatives on the interest rate lock commitments was and , respectively, and was included in other assets with corresponding changes recorded in gain on sale of loans. The Company enters into free-standing derivatives to mitigate interest rate risk for most residential real estate loans to be sold. These derivatives include forward commitments to sell to-be-announced TBA securities which are used to economically hedge the interest rate risk associated with such loans and unfunded commitments. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, TBA commitments were and , respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the related derivatives on the TBA securities was and , respectively, and was included in other liabilities with corresponding changes recorded in gain on sale of loans. The Company does not enter into a commitment to sell these loans to an investor until the loan is funded and is ready to be delivered to the investor. Due to the forward sales commitments being short-term in nature, the corresponding derivatives are not significant. For all other residential real estate loans to be sold, the Company enters into best efforts forward sales commitments for the future delivery of loans to third party investors when interest rate lock commitments are entered into in order to economically hedge the effect of changes in interest rates resulting from its commitments to fund the loans. Forward sales commitments on a best efforts basis are not designated in hedge relationships until the loan is funded. 

Note 10. 
 
 Debit card expenses Mergers and acquisition expenses Loan expenses VIE amortization and other expenses Employee expenses Telephone Checking and operating expenses Business development Postage Printing and supplies Legal fees Accounting and audit fees (Gain) loss on dispositions of fixed assets ) ) Other Total other expenses 

42 

Note 11. ) Other comprehensive (losses) income before reclassifications ) ) Reclassification adjustments for gains (losses) and transfers included in net income ) ) Reclassification adjustments for amortization included in net income for transferred securities Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Reclassification adjustments for losses and transfers included in net income ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments for amortization included in net income for transferred securities Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

Note 12. 
 
 Average outstanding shares - basic Add: dilutive restricted stock units and stock options 
 Average outstanding shares - diluted Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Restricted stock units and stock options excluded from the diluted average outstanding share calculation 1 
 
 ______________________________ 
 1 Anti-dilution occurs when the unrecognized compensation cost per share of a restricted stock unit or the exercise price of a stock option exceeds the market price of the Company s stock. 
 
 43 

Note 13. 

There were transfers between fair value hierarchy levels during the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Recurring Measurements 
 The following is a description of the inputs and valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as the general classification of such assets and liabilities pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. There have been no significant changes in the valuation techniques during the period ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Debt securities, available-for-sal e. 

Loans held for sale, at fair value. and for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, from the changes in fair value of loans held for sale measured at fair value. Electing to measure loans held for sale at fair value reduces certain timing differences and better matches changes in fair value of these assets with changes in the value of the derivative instruments used to economically hedge them without the burden of complying with the requirements for hedge accounting. 
 
 44 

U.S. government sponsored enterprises State and local governments Corporate bonds Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Loans held for sale, at fair value Interest rate caps Interest rate locks Total assets measured at fair value 
 on a recurring basis 
 TBA hedge Interest rate swap Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 

45 

U.S. government sponsored enterprises State and local governments Corporate bonds Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Loans held for sale, at fair value 
 Interest rate caps Interest rate locks 
 Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 TBA hedge Interest rate swap Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 

46 

Collateral-dependent impaired loans, net of ACL Total assets measured at fair value 
 on a non-recurring basis 

Fair Value Measurements At the End of the Reporting Period Using (Dollars in thousands) Fair Value December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Other real estate owned Collateral-dependent impaired loans, net of ACL Total assets measured at fair value 
 on a non-recurring basis 

Non-recurring Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 Sales comparison approach Selling costs - 
 Collateral-dependent 
 impaired loans, net of ACL 
 Cost approach Selling costs - 
 Sales comparison approach Selling costs - 
 Adjustment to comparables - 
 Combined approach Selling costs - 

47 

Sales comparison approach Selling costs - 
 Collateral-dependent impaired loans, net of ACL 
 Cost approach Selling costs - 
 Sales comparison approach Selling Costs - 
 
 ______________________________ 
 1 The range for selling cost inputs represents reductions to the fair value of the assets. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The following tables present the carrying amounts, estimated fair values and the level within the fair value hierarchy of the Company s financial instruments not carried at fair value. Receivables and payables due in one year or less, equity securities without readily determinable fair values and deposits with no defined or contractual maturities are excluded. There have been no significant changes in the valuation techniques during the period ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents : fair value is estimated at book value. 
 
 Debt securities, held-to-maturity : fair value for held-to-maturity debt securities is estimated in the same manner as available-for sale debt securities, which is described above. 
 
 Loans receivable, net of ACL : the loans were fair valued on an individual basis, with consideration given to the loans' underlying characteristics, including account types, remaining terms and balance, interest rates, past delinquencies, current market rates, etc. The model utilizes a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of the loans using various assumptions such as prepayment speeds, projected default probabilities, losses given defaults, etc. The discounted cash flow approach models the credit losses directly in the projected cash flows. The model applies various assumptions regarding credit, interest, and prepayment risks for the loans based on loan types, payment types and fixed or variable classifications. 
 
 Term Deposits : fair value of term deposits is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using rates of similar deposits with similar maturities. The market rates used were obtained from an independent third party based on current rates offered by the Company s regional competitors. 
 
 FHLB advances: fair value of advances is estimated based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company for advances with similar terms and maturities. 
 
 FRB borrowing: fair value of borrowings through the FRB is estimated based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company through the Bank Term Funding Program BTFP with similar terms and maturities. 
 
 Repurchase agreements and other borrowed funds : fair value of term repurchase agreements and other term borrowings is estimated based on current repurchase rates and borrowing rates currently available to the Company for repurchases and borrowings with similar terms and maturities. The estimated fair value for overnight repurchase agreements and other borrowings is book value. 
 
 Subordinated debentures : fair value of the subordinated debt is estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows using current estimated market rates obtained from an independent third party. 
 
 Off-balance sheet financial instrument s: unused lines of credit and letters of credit represent the principal categories of off-balance sheet financial instruments. The fair value of commitments is based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties credit standing. 
 48 

Debt securities, held-to-maturity Loans receivable, net of ACL Total financial assets Financial liabilities Term deposits FHLB advances Repurchase agreements and 
 other borrowed funds 
 Subordinated debentures Total financial liabilities 
 
 Fair Value Measurements At the End of the Reporting Period Using (Dollars in thousands) Carrying Amount December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Financial assets Cash and cash equivalents Debt securities, held-to-maturity Loans receivable, net of ACL Total financial assets Financial liabilities Term deposits FRB Bank Term Funding Repurchase agreements and 
 other borrowed funds 
 Subordinated debentures Total financial liabilities 

49 

Note 14. 
 
 percent of the outstanding common stock of Community Financial Group, Inc. CFGW and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Wheatland Bank Wheatland ), a community bank based in Spokane, Washington. Wheatland provides banking services to individuals and businesses in Washington with locations in Chelan, Wenatchee, Ellensburg, Yakima, Quincy, Moses Lake, Pasco, Odessa, Davenport, Ritzville, and Spokane. Wheatland merged into the Bank and became a new bank division headquartered in Spokane and the Bank s existing Washington-based division, North Cascades Bank, combined with the new Wheatland division. The preliminary value of the Wheatland acquisition was and as part of the transaction, the Company issued shares of its common stock and paid in cash in exchange for all of Wheatland s outstanding shares of common stock and options to purchase common stock. The fair value of the Company shares issued was determined on the basis of the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the January 31, 2024 acquisition date. The excess of the preliminary fair value of consideration transferred over total identifiable net assets was recorded as goodwill. The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the operations of the Bank and Wheatland. ne of the goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes as the acquisition was accounted for as a tax-free exchange. 
 
 On July 19, 2024, the Bank completed its acquisition of Montana branch banking offices of Rocky Mountain Bank RMB from HTLF Bank HTLF ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Heartland Financial USA, Inc. The RMB branches are located in Billings, Bozeman, Plentywood, Stevensville, and Whitehall. The RMB branches have joined Glacier Bank divisions operating in Montana. The Bank paid a premium of for deposit relationships with balances of and loans with balances of , and received cash of from HTLF. The excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over total identified net assets was recorded as goodwill. The goodwill arising from the acquisition consist largely of the synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the operations of the Company and the acquired branches. The goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes because the acquisition was accounted for as a purchase of assets and assumption of liabilities for tax purposes. 
 
 The assets and liabilities of Wheatland and RMB were recorded on the Company s consolidated statements of financial condition at their preliminary estimated fair values as of the respective acquisition dates and the results of operations have been included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations since that date. 
 
 50 

Cash consideration or deposit premium paid Total fair value of consideration transferred Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
 Identifiable assets acquired Cash and cash equivalents Debt securities Loans receivable, net of ACL Core deposit intangible 1 
 Accrued income and other assets Total identifiable assets acquired Liabilities assumed Deposits Borrowings 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total identifiable net assets (liabilities) ) Goodwill recognized ______________________________ 
 1 The core deposit intangible for the acquisition was determined to have an estimated life of years. 
 
 The preliminary fair values of the Wheatland and the RMB branch assets acquired include loans with preliminary fair values of and , respectively. The gross principal and contractual interest due under the loans acquired in Wheatland and RMB transactions were and , respectively. The Company evaluated the loans at each respective acquisition date and determined there were PCD loans of with an ACL of related to the Wheatland acquisition, and PCD loans from the RMB branch acquisition. 
 
 The Company incurred and of expenses in connection with the Wheatland and RMB branch acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Mergers and acquisition expenses are included in other expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and consist of third-party costs and employee severance expenses. 
 
 Total income consisting of net interest income and non-interest income of the acquired operations of Wheatland was approximately and net loss was approximately from January 31, 2024 to September 30, 2024. Total income consisting of net interest income and non-interest income of the acquired branches of RMB was approximately and net loss was approximately from July 19, 2024 to September 30, 2024. 
 Net income 

51 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following management s discussion and analysis is intended to provide a more comprehensive review of the Company s operating results and financial condition than can be obtained from reading the Consolidated Financial Statements alone. The discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Form 10-Q may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the Company s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions that are not historical facts, and other statements identified by words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, should, projects, seeks, estimates or other comparable words or phrases of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Company s control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that are subject to change. The following factors, among others, including additional factors identified in the sections titled Risk Factors, Business and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , as applicable, in this report and in the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results: 
 
 risks associated with lending and potential adverse changes in the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio; 
 changes in monetary and fiscal policies, including interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board, which could adversely affect the Company s net interest income and margin, the fair value of its financial instruments, profitability, and stockholders equity; 
 legislative or regulatory changes, including increased FDIC insurance rates and assessments, changes in the review and regulation of bank mergers, or increased banking and consumer protection regulations, that may adversely affect the Company s business and strategies; 
 risks related to overall economic conditions, including the impact on the economy of a uncertain interest rate environment, inflationary pressures, and geopolitical instability, including the wars in Ukraine and the Middle East; 
 risks associated with the Company s ability to negotiate, complete, and successfully integrate any future acquisitions; 
 costs or difficulties related to the completion and integration of pending or future acquisitions; 
 impairment of the goodwill recorded by the Company in connection with acquisitions, which may have an adverse impact on earnings and capital; 
 reduction in demand for banking products and services, whether as a result of changes in customer behavior, economic conditions, banking environment, or competition; 
 deterioration of the reputation of banks and the financial services industry, which could adversely affect the Company's ability to obtain and maintain customers; 
 changes in the competitive landscape, including as may result from new market entrants or further consolidation in the financial services industry, resulting in the creation of larger competitors with greater financial resources; 
 risks presented by public stock market volatility, which could adversely affect the market price of the Company s common stock and the ability to raise additional capital or grow through acquisitions; 
 risks associated with dependence on the Chief Executive Officer CEO), the senior management team and the Presidents of Glacier Bank s (the Bank divisions; 
 material failure, potential interruption or breach in security of the Company s systems or changes in technological which could expose the Company to cybersecurity risks, fraud, system failures, or direct liabilities; 
 risks related to natural disasters, including droughts, fires, floods, earthquakes, pandemics, and other unexpected events; 
 success in managing risks involved in the foregoing; and 
 effects of any reputational damage to the Company resulting from any of the foregoing. 
 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 52 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Financial Highlights At or for the Three Months ended At or for the Nine Months ended (Dollars in thousands, except per share and market data) 
 Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Mar 31, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Sep 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Operating results Net income 51,055 44,708 32,627 52,445 128,390 168,611 Basic earnings per share 0.45 0.39 0.29 0.47 1.14 1.52 Diluted earnings per share 0.45 0.39 0.29 0.47 1.13 1.52 Dividends declared per share 0.33 0.33 0.33 0.33 0.99 0.99 Market value per share Closing 45.70 37.32 40.28 28.50 45.70 28.50 High 47.71 40.18 42.75 36.45 47.71 50.03 Low 35.57 34.35 34.74 26.84 34.35 26.77 Selected ratios and other data Number of common stock shares outstanding 
 113,394,786 113,394,092 113,388,590 110,879,365 113,394,786 110,879,365 Average outstanding shares - basic 113,394,758 113,390,539 112,492,142 110,877,534 113,093,583 110,857,788 Average outstanding shares - diluted 113,473,107 113,405,491 112,554,402 110,886,959 113,137,861 110,882,718 Return on average assets (annualized) 0.73 0.66 0.47 0.75 0.62 0.83 Return on average equity (annualized) 6.34 5.77 4.25 7.12 5.47 7.72 Efficiency ratio 64.92 67.97 74.41 63.31 68.98 62.10 Loan to deposit ratio 83.16 84.03 82.04 79.25 83.16 79.25 Number of full time equivalent employees 
 3,434 3,399 3,438 3,314 3,434 3,314 Number of locations 232 231 232 221 232 221 Number of ATMs 279 286 285 274 279 274 
 
 The Company reported net income of 51.1 million for the current quarter, an increase of 6.3 million, or 14 percent from the prior quarter net income of 44.7 million and a decrease of 1.4 million, or 3 percent, from the 52.4 million of net income for the prior year third quarter. Diluted earnings per share for the current quarter was 0.45 per share, an increase of 15 percent from the prior quarter diluted earnings per share of 0.39 per share and a decrease of 4 percent from the prior year third quarter diluted earnings per share of 0.47. The decrease in net income compared to the prior year third quarter was due to the increase in funding costs and the increased costs associated with the acquisitions of Wheatland and Rocky Mountain Bank RMB over the prior year third quarter. 
 
 Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 128 million, a decrease of 40.2 million, or 24 percent, from the 169 million net income for the first nine months of the prior year. Diluted earnings per share for the first nine months of 2024 was 1.13 per share, a decrease of 0.39 per share from the prior year first nine months diluted earnings per share of 1.52. The decrease in net income for the first nine months of the current year compared to the prior year first nine months was primarily due to the significant increase in funding costs. In addition, the current year-to-date results included increased operating costs and a 9.7 million provision for credit losses associated with the acquisitions of Wheatland and RMB. 
 53 

On July 19, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of six RMB branches in Montana. The branches have been combined with Glacier Bank divisions operating in Montana, including First Bank of Montana, First Security Bank of Bozeman, First Security Bank of Missoula, Valley Bank, and Western Security Bank. On January 31, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Wheatland, headquartered in Spokane, Washington. Wheatland had 14 branches in eastern Washington and was combined with the North Cascades Bank division under the name Wheatland Bank, Division of Glacier Bank. The Wheatland Bank division now operates with a combined 23 branches in Central and Eastern Washington and is a Top 5 community bank by deposit share in Eastern Washington. The Company s results of operations and financial condition include the Wheatland and RMB acquisitions beginning on the respective acquisition date. The following table discloses the preliminary fair value estimates of select classifications of assets and liabilities acquired: 
 
 Wheatland RMB Branches (Dollars in thousands) January 31, 2024 July 19, 2024 Total Total assets 777,659 403,052 1,180,711 Cash and cash equivalents 12,926 76,781 89,707 Debt securities 187,183 187,183 Loans receivable 1 
 452,740 271,569 724,309 Non-interest bearing deposits 277,651 93,534 371,185 Interest bearing deposits 339,304 303,156 642,460 Borrowings 58,500 4,305 62,805 Core deposit intangible 16,936 9,794 26,730 Goodwill 38,369 29,794 68,163 
 ______________________________ 
 1 Includes loans held for sale. 
 
 54 

Financial Condition Analysis 
 
 Assets 
 The following table summarizes the Company s assets as of the dates indicated: Change from (Dollars in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 987,833 800,779 1,354,342 1,672,094 187,054 (366,509) (684,261) Debt securities, available-for-sale 
 4,436,578 4,499,541 4,785,719 4,741,738 (62,963) (349,141) (305,160) Debt securities, held-to-maturity 
 3,348,698 3,400,403 3,502,411 3,553,805 (51,705) (153,713) (205,107) Total debt securities 
 7,785,276 7,899,944 8,288,130 8,295,543 (114,668) (502,854) (510,267) Loans receivable Residential real estate 1,837,697 1,771,528 1,704,544 1,653,777 66,169 133,153 183,920 Commercial real estate 
 10,833,841 10,713,964 10,303,306 10,292,446 119,877 530,535 541,395 Other commercial 3,177,051 3,066,028 2,901,863 2,916,785 111,023 275,188 260,266 Home equity 931,440 905,884 888,013 869,963 25,556 43,427 61,477 Other consumer 401,158 394,587 400,356 402,075 6,571 802 (917) Loans receivable 17,181,187 16,851,991 16,198,082 16,135,046 329,196 983,105 1,046,141 Allowance for credit losses 
 (205,170) (200,955) (192,757) (192,271) (4,215) (12,413) (12,899) Loans receivable, net 
 16,976,017 16,651,036 16,005,325 15,942,775 324,981 970,692 1,033,242 Other assets 2,456,643 2,453,581 2,094,832 2,153,149 3,062 361,811 303,494 Total assets 28,205,769 27,805,340 27,742,629 28,063,561 400,429 463,140 142,208 
 
 Total debt securities of 7.785 billion at September 30, 2024 decreased 115 million, or 1 percent, during the current quarter and decreased 510 million, or 6 percent, from the prior year third quarter. Debt securities represented 28 percent of total assets at September 30, 2024 compared to 30 percent at December 31, 2023 and 30 percent at September 30, 2023. 
 
 The loan portfolio of 17.181 billion at September 30, 2024 increased 329 million, or 2 percent, during the current quarter. Excluding the RMB acquisition, the loan portfolio organically increased 57.6 million, or 1 percent annualized, during the current quarter. Excluding the RMB and Wheatland acquisitions, the loan portfolio organically increased 261 million, or 2 percent, during the first nine months of 2024 and increased 324 million, or 2 percent, from the prior year third quarter. 
 
 55 

Liabilities 
 The following table summarizes the Company s liabilities as of the dates indicated: Change from (Dollars in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Deposits Non-interest bearing deposits 
 6,407,728 6,093,430 6,022,980 6,465,353 314,298 384,748 (57,625) NOW and DDA accounts 
 5,363,476 5,219,838 5,321,257 5,253,367 143,638 42,219 110,109 Savings accounts 
 2,801,077 2,862,034 2,833,887 2,872,362 (60,957) (32,810) (71,285) Money market deposit accounts 
 2,854,540 2,858,850 2,831,624 2,994,631 (4,310) 22,916 (140,091) Certificate accounts 
 3,284,609 3,064,613 2,915,393 2,742,017 219,996 369,216 542,592 Core deposits, total 
 20,711,430 20,098,765 19,925,141 20,327,730 612,665 786,289 383,700 Wholesale deposits 
 3,334 2,994 4,026 67,434 340 (692) (64,100) Deposits, total 
 20,714,764 20,101,759 19,929,167 20,395,164 613,005 785,597 319,600 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 1,831,501 1,629,504 1,486,850 1,499,696 201,997 344,651 331,805 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 1,800,000 2,350,000 (550,000) 1,800,000 1,800,000 FRB Bank Term Funding 2,740,000 2,740,000 (2,740,000) (2,740,000) Other borrowed funds 84,168 88,149 81,695 73,752 (3,981) 2,473 10,416 Subordinated debentures 133,065 133,024 132,943 132,903 41 122 162 Other liabilities 397,221 365,459 351,693 347,452 31,762 45,528 49,769 Total liabilities 24,960,719 24,667,895 24,722,348 25,188,967 292,824 238,371 (228,248) 
 
 Total core deposits of 20.711 billion at September 30, 2024 increased 613 million, or 3 percent, from the prior quarter and increased 786 million, or 4 percent, from the prior year end. Total core deposits organically increased 217 million, or 4 percent annualized, during the current quarter and decreased 227 million, or 1 percent, from the prior year end. 
 
 Total non-interest bearing deposits of 6.408 billion, increased 314 million, or 5 percent, from the prior quarter and increased 385 million, or 6 percent, from the prior year end. Non-interest bearing deposits organically increased 221 million, or 14 percent annualized, during the current quarter and increased 13.6 million, or 23 basis points, from the prior year end. Non-interest bearing deposits represented 31 percent of total deposits at September 30, 2024, compared to 30 percent at December 31, 2023 and 32 percent at September 30, 2023. 
 
 FHLB borrowings of 1.800 billion decreased 550 million, or 23 percent, during the current quarter. Upon maturity in the first quarter of 2024, the Company paid off its 2.740 billion BTFP borrowings with a combination of 2.140 billion in FHLB borrowings and cash. See Additional Management s Discussion and Analysis - Source of Funds - Borrowers for additional information regarding borrowings. 
 
 56 

Stockholders Equity 
 The following table summarizes the stockholders equity balances as of the dates indicated: Change from (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Common equity 3,507,356 3,492,096 3,394,394 3,374,961 15,260 112,962 132,395 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (262,306) (354,651) (374,113) (500,367) 92,345 111,807 238,061 Total stockholders equity 
 3,245,050 3,137,445 3,020,281 2,874,594 107,605 224,769 370,456 Goodwill and core deposit intangible, net 
 (1,106,336) (1,066,790) (1,017,263) (1,019,690) (39,546) (89,073) (86,646) Tangible stockholders equity 
 2,138,714 2,070,655 2,003,018 1,854,904 68,059 135,696 283,810 
 Stockholders equity to total assets 
 11.50 11.28 10.89 10.24 Tangible stockholders equity to total tangible assets 
 7.89 7.74 7.49 6.86 Book value per common share 
 28.62 27.67 27.24 25.93 0.95 1.38 2.69 Tangible book value per common share 
 18.86 18.26 18.06 16.73 0.60 0.80 2.13 
 
 Tangible stockholders equity of 2.139 billion at September 30, 2024 increased 68.1 million, or 3 percent, compared to the prior quarter and was primarily the result of a decrease in unrealized loss on the available-for-sale debt securities which was partially offset by the increase in goodwill and core deposit intangibles associated with the acquisition of RMB. Tangible stockholders equity at September 30, 2024 increased 136 million, or 7 percent, compared to the prior year end and was primarily due to 92.4 million of Company common stock issued for the acquisition of Wheatland and the decrease in the unrealized loss on the available-for-sale securities. The increase was partially offset by the increase in goodwill and core deposits associated with the acquisitions of Wheatland and RMB. Tangible book value per common share of 18.86 at the current quarter end increased 0.80 per share, or 4 percent, from the prior year end and increased 2.13 per share, or 13 percent, from the prior year third quarter. 
 
 Cash Dividend 
 On September 24, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.33 per share. The dividend was payable October 17, 2024 to shareholders of record on October 8, 2024. The dividend was the Company s 158th consecutive regular dividend. Future cash dividends will depend on a variety of factors, including net income, capital, asset quality, general economic conditions and regulatory considerations. 
 57 

Operating Results for Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Compared to June 30, 2024, March 31, 2024, and September 30, 2023 
 
 Income Summary 
 The following table summarizes income for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months ended Change from (Dollars in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Mar 31, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Jun 30, 2024 Mar 31, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Net interest income Interest income 289,578 273,834 279,402 264,906 15,744 10,176 24,672 Interest expense 109,347 107,356 112,922 97,852 1,991 (3,575) 11,495 Total net interest income 180,231 166,478 166,480 167,054 13,753 13,751 13,177 Non-interest income Service charges and other fees 
 20,587 19,422 18,563 19,304 1,165 2,024 1,283 Miscellaneous loan fees and charges 
 4,970 4,821 4,362 4,322 149 608 648 Gain on sale of loans 4,898 4,669 3,362 4,046 229 1,536 852 Gain (loss) on sale of investments 26 (12) 16 (65) 38 10 91 Other income 4,223 3,304 3,686 2,633 919 537 1,590 Total non-interest income 
 34,704 32,204 29,989 30,240 2,500 4,715 4,464 Total income 214,935 198,682 196,469 197,294 16,253 18,466 17,641 Net interest margin (tax-equivalent) 
 2.83 2.68 2.59 2.58 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 The current quarter interest income of 290 million increased 15.7 million, or 6 percent, over the prior quarter and increased 24.7 million, or 9 percent, over the prior year third quarter, with both increases being primarily due to the increase in the loan yields and the increase in average balances of the loan portfolio. The loan yield of 5.69 percent in the current quarter increased 11 basis points from the prior quarter loan yield of 5.58 percent and increased 42 basis points from the prior year third quarter loan yield of 5.27 percent. 
 
 The current quarter interest expense of 109 million increased 2.0 million, or 2 percent, over the prior quarter and was primarily attributable to the increase in average deposit balances. The current quarter interest expense increased 11.5 million, or 12 percent, over the prior year third quarter and was primarily the result of an increase in rates on deposits and borrowings. Core deposit cost (including non-interest bearing deposits) was 1.37 percent for the current quarter compared to 1.36 percent in the prior quarter and 1.03 percent for the prior year third quarter. The total cost of funding (including non-interest bearing deposits) of 1.79 percent in the current quarter decreased 1 basis point from the prior quarter. The current quarter cost of funds increased 21 basis points from the prior year third quarter which was primarily the result of the increased deposit rates. 
 
 The net interest margin as a percentage of earning assets, on a tax-equivalent basis, for the current quarter was 2.83 percent, an increase of 15 basis points from the prior quarter net interest margin of 2.68 percent and was primarily driven by an increase in loan yields. The net interest margin as a percentage of earning assets, on a tax-equivalent basis, for the current quarter was an increase of 25 basis points from the prior year third quarter net interest margin of 2.58 percent and was primarily driven by an increase in loan yields which more than offset the total cost of funding. Core net interest margin excludes the impact from discount accretion and non-accrual interest. Excluding the 4 basis points from discount accretion, the core net interest margin was 2.79 percent in the current quarter compared to 2.63 percent in the prior quarter and 2.55 in the prior year third quarter. 
 58 

Non-interest Income 
 Non-interest income for the current quarter totaled 34.7 million, which was an increase of 2.5 million, or 8 percent, over the prior quarter and an increase of 4.5 million, or 15 percent, over the prior year third quarter. Service charges and other fees of 20.6 million for the current quarter increased 1.2 million, or 6 percent, compared to the prior quarter and increased 1.3 million, or 7 percent, compared to the prior year third quarter. Gain on the sale of residential loans of 4.9 million for the current quarter increased 229 thousand, or 5 percent, compared to the prior quarter and increased 852 thousand, or 21 percent, from the prior year third quarter. Other income of 4.2 million increased 919 thousand, or 28 percent, over the prior quarter and increased 1.6 million, or 60 percent, over the prior year third quarter, with both increases being driven by a 1.2 million gain on the sale of repossessed property during the current quarter. 
 
 Non-interest Expense 
 The following table summarizes non-interest expense for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months ended Change from (Dollars in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Mar 31, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Jun 30, 2024 Mar 31, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Compensation and employee benefits 
 85,083 84,434 85,789 77,387 649 (706) 7,696 Occupancy and equipment 11,989 11,594 11,883 10,553 395 106 1,436 Advertising and promotions 4,062 4,362 3,983 4,052 (300) 79 10 Data processing 9,196 9,387 9,159 8,730 (191) 37 466 Other real estate owned 13 149 25 15 (136) (12) (2) Regulatory assessments and insurance 
 5,150 5,393 7,761 6,060 (243) (2,611) (910) Intangibles amortization 
 3,367 3,017 2,760 2,428 350 607 939 Other expenses 25,848 22,616 30,483 20,351 3,232 (4,635) 5,497 Total non-interest expense 144,708 140,952 151,843 129,576 3,756 (7,135) 15,132 
 
 Total non-interest expense of 145 million for the current quarter increased 3.8 million, or 3 percent, over the prior quarter and increased 15.1 million, or 12 percent, over the prior year third quarter. Compensation and employee benefits increased 7.7 million, or 10 percent, from the prior year third quarter and was driven by annual salary increases, increased performance-related compensation and increases from the acquisitions of Wheatland and RMB. 
 
 Other expenses of 25.8 million increased 3.2 million, or 14 percent, from the prior quarter, which was attributable to several miscellaneous category increases including an increase of 1.2 million in outside consulting services. In addition, the current quarter other expenses included 586 thousand of gains from the sale of former branch facilities and disposal of fixed assets compared to 1.5 million in the prior quarter. Other expenses increased 5.5 million, or 27 percent, from the prior year third quarter as a result of several miscellaneous category increases including an increase of 2.7 million in outside consulting services and an increase of 1.6 million in acquisition-related expenses. Acquisition-related expense was 1.9 million in the current quarter compared to 1.8 million in the prior quarter and 279 thousand in the prior year third quarter. 
 
 Efficiency Ratio 
 The efficiency ratio was 64.92 percent in the current quarter compared to 67.97 percent in the prior quarter and 63.31 percent in the prior year third quarter. The decrease from the prior quarter was principally driven by the increase in net interest income that more than offset the increase in non-interest expense. 
 59 

Provision for Credit Losses for Loans 
 The following table summarizes provision for credit losses for loans, net charge-offs and select ratios relating to provision for credit losses for the previous eight quarters: (Dollars in thousands) Provision for Credit Losses on Loans Net Charge-Offs (Recoveries) Allowance for Credit Losses as a Percent of Loans Accruing Loans 30-89 Days Past Due as a Percent of Loans Non-Performing Assets to Total Sub-sidiary Assets Third quarter 2024 6,981 2,766 1.19 0.33 0.10 Second quarter 2024 5,066 2,890 1.19 0.29 0.06 First quarter 2024 9,091 3,072 1.19 0.37 0.09 Fourth quarter 2023 4,181 3,695 1.19 0.31 0.09 Third quarter 2023 5,095 2,209 1.19 0.09 0.15 Second quarter 2023 5,254 2,473 1.19 0.16 0.12 First quarter 2023 6,260 1,939 1.20 0.16 0.12 Fourth quarter 2022 6,060 1,968 1.20 0.14 0.12 
 
 Net charge-offs for the current quarter were 2.8 million compared to 2.9 million in the prior quarter and 2.2 million for the prior year third quarter. Net charge-offs of 2.8 million included 1.9 million in deposit overdraft net charge-offs and 815 thousand of net loan charge-offs. 
 
 The current quarter credit loss expense of 8.0 million included 2.8 million of provision for credit losses on loans and 799 thousand of provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments from the acquisition of RMB. Excluding the acquisition of RMB, the current quarter credit loss expense was 4.4 million, including 4.2 million of credit loss expense from loans and 225 thousand of credit loss expense from unfunded loan commitments. 
 
 The determination of the allowance for credit losses ACL or allowance on loans and the related provision for credit losses is a critical accounting estimate that involves management s judgments about the loan portfolio that impact credit losses. For additional information on the allowance, see the Allowance For Credit Losses section under Additional Management s Discussion and Analysis. 

60 

Operating Results for Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Compared to September 30, 2023 
 
 Income Summary 
 The following table summarizes income for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months ended (Dollars in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Change Change Net interest income Interest income 842,814 744,159 98,655 13 Interest expense 329,625 218,933 110,692 51 Total net interest income 513,189 525,226 (12,037) (2) Non-interest income Service charges and other fees 
 58,572 56,042 2,530 5 Miscellaneous loan fees and charges 
 14,153 12,451 1,702 14 Gain on sale of loans 12,929 9,974 2,955 30 Gain (loss) on sale of debt securities 30 (202) 232 (115) Other income 11,213 8,949 2,264 25 Total non-interest income 
 96,897 87,214 9,683 11 Total income 610,086 612,440 (2,354) Net interest margin (tax-equivalent) 
 2.70 2.79 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net-interest income of 513 million for the first nine months of 2024 decreased 12.0 million, or 2 percent, over 2023 and was primarily driven by increased interest expense which outpaced the increase in interest income. Interest income of 843 million for 2024 increased 98.7 million, or 13 percent, from the prior year and was primarily attributable to the increase in the loan portfolio and an increase in loan yields. The loan yield was 5.58 percent during the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 44 basis points from the prior year first nine months loan yield of 5.14 percent. 
 
 Interest expense of 330 million for the first nine months of 2024 increased 111 million, or 51 percent, over the same period in the prior year and was primarily the result of higher interest rates on deposits. Core deposit cost (including non-interest bearing deposits) was 1.36 percent for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 0.62 percent for the same period in the prior year. The total funding cost (including non-interest bearing deposits) for the first nine months of 2024 was 1.81 percent, which was an increase of 59 basis points over the first nine months of the prior year funding cost of 1.22 percent. 
 
 The net interest margin as a percentage of earning assets, on a tax-equivalent basis, during the first nine months of 2024 was 2.70 percent, a 9 basis points decrease from the net interest margin of 2.79 percent for the first nine months of the prior year. Excluding the 4 basis points from discount accretion and the 1 basis point from non-accrual interest, the core net interest margin was 2.65 percent in the first nine months of the current year compared to 2.77 percent in the prior year first nine months. 
 
 Non-interest Income 
 Non-interest income of 96.9 million for the first nine months of 2024 increased 9.7 million, or 11 percent, over the same period last year. Gain on sale of residential loans of 12.9 million for the first nine months of 2024 increased by 3.0 million, or 30 percent, over the first nine months of the prior year. Other income of 11.2 million for the first nine months of 2024 increased 2.3 million, or 25 percent, over the same period last year and was primarily driven by a 1.2 million gain on the sale of repossessed property during the current quarter. 
 61 

Non-interest Expense 
 The following table summarizes non-interest expense for the periods indicated: 
 Six Months ended (Dollars in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Change Change Compensation and employee benefits 
 255,306 237,628 17,678 7 Occupancy and equipment 35,466 33,045 2,421 7 Advertising and promotions 12,407 12,020 387 3 Data processing 27,742 25,241 2,501 10 Other real estate owned 187 41 146 356 Regulatory assessments and insurance 
 18,304 16,277 2,027 12 Intangibles amortization 
 9,144 7,304 1,840 25 Other expenses 78,947 63,606 15,341 24 Total non-interest expense 437,503 395,162 42,341 11 
 
 Total non-interest expense of 438 million for the first nine months of 2024 increased 42.3 million, or 11 percent, over the same period in the prior year. Compensation and employee benefits expense of 255 million in the first nine months of 2024 increased 17.7 million, or 7 percent, over the same period in the prior year and was driven by annual salary increases and the acquisitions of Wheatland and RMB. Data processing expenses of 27.7 million for the first nine months of 2024 increased 2.5 million, or 10 percent, from the same period in the prior year. Regulatory assessments and insurance expense of 18.3 million for the first nine months of 2024 increased 2.0 million, or 12 percent, over the same period in the prior year which was principally due to the accrual adjustment for the FDIC special assessment. Other expenses of 78.9 million for the first nine months of 2024 increased 15.3 million, or 24 percent, from the first nine months of the prior year and was primarily driven by an increase of 8.6 million of acquisition-related expenses, which was partially offset by gains of 3.1 million from the sale of former branch facilities and disposal of fixed assets. 
 
 Efficiency Ratio 
 The efficiency ratio was 68.98 percent for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 62.10 percent for the same period of 2023. The increase from the prior year was primarily attributable to the increase in interest expense in the current year that outpaced the increase in interest income and increased non-interest expense. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit loss expense was 19.8 million for the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 8.0 million, or 68 percent, over the same period in the prior year and was primarily attributable to 9.7 million from the acquisitions of Wheatland and RMB. Net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2024 were 8.7 million compared to 6.6 million in the first nine months of 2023. 
 62 

ADDITIONAL MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Investment Activity 
 The Company s investment securities primarily consist of debt securities classified as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. Non-marketable equity securities primarily consist of capital stock issued by the FHLB of Des Moines. 
 
 Debt Securities 
 Debt securities classified as available-for-sale are carried at estimated fair value and debt securities classified as held-to-maturity are carried at amortized cost. Unrealized gains or losses, net of tax, on available-for-sale debt securities are reflected as an adjustment to other comprehensive income. The Company s debt securities are summarized below: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Carrying Amount Percent Carrying Amount Percent Carrying Amount Percent Available-for-sale U.S. government and federal agency 467,606 6 455,347 5 444,145 5 U.S. government sponsored enterprises 310,069 4 299,219 4 289,831 3 State and local governments 72,370 1 98,932 1 96,713 1 Corporate bonds 14,542 1 26,253 1 25,904 1 Residential mortgage-backed securities 2,524,204 32 2,811,263 34 2,810,894 34 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 1,047,787 14 1,094,705 13 1,074,251 13 Total available-for-sale 
 4,436,578 58 4,785,719 58 4,741,738 57 Held-to-maturity U.S. government and federal agency 857,858 11 853,273 10 851,751 10 State and local governments 1,630,264 20 1,650,000 20 1,657,628 20 Residential mortgage-backed securities 860,576 11 999,138 12 1,044,426 13 Total held-to-maturity 3,348,698 42 3,502,411 42 3,553,805 43 Total debt securities 7,785,276 100 8,288,130 100 8,295,543 100 
 
 The Company s debt securities were primarily comprised of U.S. government and federal agency and mortgage-backed securities. State and local government securities are largely exempt from federal income tax and the Company s federal statutory income tax rate of 21 percent is used in calculating the tax-equivalent yields on the tax-exempt securities. Mortgage-backed securities largely consists of short, weighted-average life U.S. agency guaranteed residential and commercial mortgage pass-through securities and to a lesser extent, short, weighted-average life U.S. agency guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations. Combined, the mortgage-backed securities provide the Company with ongoing liquidity as scheduled and pre-paid principal is received on the securities. 
 
 State and local government securities carry different risks that are not as prevalent in other security types. The Company evaluates the investment grade quality of its securities in accordance with regulatory guidance. Investment grade securities are those where the issuer has an adequate capacity to meet the financial commitments under the security for the projected life of the investment. An issuer has an adequate capacity to meet financial commitments if the risk of default by the obligor is low and the full and timely payment of principal and interest are expected. In assessing credit risk, the Company may use credit ratings from Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations NRSRO entities such as S P and Moody s) as support for the evaluation; however, they are not solely relied upon. There have been no significant differences in the Company s internal evaluation of the creditworthiness of any issuer when compared with the ratings assigned by the NRSROs. 
 
 63 

The following table stratifies the state and local government securities by the associated NRSRO ratings. The highest issued rating was used to categorize the securities in the table for those securities where the NRSRO ratings were not at the same level. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value S P: AAA / Moody s: Aaa 
 436,652 397,367 446,206 402,932 S P: AA+, AA, AA- / Moody s: Aa1, Aa2, Aa3 
 1,212,254 1,078,634 1,244,344 1,107,064 S P: A+, A, A- / Moody s: A1, A2, A3 
 48,851 48,591 55,511 55,101 Not rated by either entity 
 7,198 7,013 5,842 5,486 Total 
 1,704,955 1,531,605 1,751,903 1,570,583 
 
 State and local government securities largely consist of both taxable and tax-exempt general obligation and revenue bonds. The following table stratifies the state and local government securities by the associated security type. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value General obligation - unlimited 
 353,465 333,795 383,400 361,728 General obligation - limited 
 176,751 159,528 183,078 165,993 Revenue 1,139,012 1,004,901 1,146,341 1,006,088 Certificate of participation 
 35,664 33,317 36,396 34,144 Other 
 63 64 2,688 2,630 Total 
 1,704,955 1,531,605 1,751,903 1,570,583 
 
 The following table outlines the five states in which the Company owns the highest concentrations of state and local government securities. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value New York 370,495 338,948 372,926 334,583 Texas 118,602 107,401 125,906 114,753 Michigan 80,731 72,576 82,575 79,012 California 111,680 103,750 113,983 104,960 Washington 95,589 87,073 98,239 90,413 All other states 
 927,858 821,857 958,274 846,862 Total 
 1,704,955 1,531,605 1,751,903 1,570,583 
 
 64 

The following table presents the carrying amount and weighted-average yield of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities by contractual maturity at September 30, 2024. Weighted-average yields are based upon the amortized cost of securities and are calculated using the interest method which takes into consideration premium amortization, discount accretion and mortgage-backed securities prepayment provisions. Weighted-average yields on tax-exempt debt securities exclude the federal income tax benefit. 
 One Year or Less After One through Five Years After Five through Ten Years After Ten Years Mortgage-Backed Securities 1 
 Total (Dollars in thousands) Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Available-for-sale 
 U.S. government and federal agency 
 48,824 0.79 408,866 1.10 2,094 5.47 7,822 4.30 467,606 1.14 U.S. government sponsored enterprises 
 310,069 1.29 310,069 1.29 State and local governments 
 6,249 1.58 29,678 1.74 9,856 2.44 26,587 2.50 72,370 2.11 Corporate bonds 
 9,949 3.66 3,782 4.00 811 0.46 14,542 3.58 Residential mortgage-backed securities 
 2,524,204 1.20 2,524,204 1.19 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 
 1,047,787 2.65 1,047,787 2.64 Total available-for-sale 
 55,073 0.88 758,562 1.23 15,732 3.22 35,220 2.85 3,571,991 1.61 4,436,578 1.55 Held-to-maturity 
 U.S. government and federal agency 
 857,858 1.16 857,858 1.16 State and local governments 
 9,139 2.61 80,339 3.08 189,027 3.24 1,351,759 3.01 1,630,264 3.03 Residential mortgage-backed securities 
 860,576 1.47 860,576 1.47 Total held-to-maturity 
 9,139 2.61 938,197 1.33 189,027 3.24 1,351,759 3.01 860,576 1.47 3,348,698 2.15 Total debt 
 securities 
 64,212 1.12 1,696,759 1.28 204,759 3.24 1,386,979 3.00 4,432,567 1.58 7,785,276 1.80 
 ______________________________ 
 1 Mortgage-backed securities, which have prepayment provisions, are not assigned to maturity categories due to fluctuations in their prepayment speeds. 
 
 Based on an analysis of its available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses as of September 30, 2024, the Company determined their decline in value was unrelated to credit loss and was primarily the result of interest rate changes and market spreads subsequent to acquisition. The fair value of the debt securities is expected to recover as payments are received and the debt securities approach maturity. In addition, the Company determined an insignificant amount of credit losses is expected on the held-to-maturity debt securities portfolio; therefore, no ACL has been recognized at September 30, 2024. 
 
 For additional information on the Company s debt securities, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 Equity securities 
 Non-marketable equity securities primarily consist of capital stock issued by the FHLB of Des Moines and are carried at cost less impairment. The Company also has an insignificant amount of equity securities that are included in other assets on the Company s statements of financial condition. 
 
 Non-marketable equity securities and equity securities without readily determinable fair values are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances suggest the carrying value may not be recoverable. Based on the Company s evaluation of its investments in non-marketable equity securities and equity securities without readily determinable fair values as of September 30, 2024, the Company determined that none of such securities were impaired. 
 
 65 

Lending Activity 
 The Company focuses its lending activities primarily on the following types of loans: 1) first-mortgage, conventional loans secured by residential properties, particularly single-family; 2) commercial lending, including agriculture and public entities; and 3) installment lending for consumer purposes (e.g., home equity, automobile, etc.). Supplemental information regarding the Company s loan portfolio and credit quality based on regulatory classification is provided in the section captioned Loans by Regulatory Classification included in Part I. Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The regulatory classification of loans is based primarily on the type of collateral for the loans. Loan information included in Part I. Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on the Company s loan segments, which are based on the purpose of the loan, unless otherwise noted as a regulatory classification. The following table summarizes the Company s loan portfolio as of the dates indicated: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Residential real estate 1,837,697 11 1,704,544 11 1,653,777 10 Commercial real estate 10,833,841 64 10,303,306 64 10,292,446 65 Other commercial 3,177,051 19 2,901,863 18 2,916,785 18 Home equity 931,440 5 888,013 6 869,963 5 Other consumer 401,158 2 400,356 2 402,075 3 Loans receivable 17,181,187 101 16,198,082 101 16,135,046 101 Allowance for credit losses (205,170) (1) (192,757) (1) (192,271) (1) Loans receivable, net 16,976,017 100 16,005,325 100 15,942,775 100 
 
 The largest category of the Company s loan portfolio is Commercial Real Estate CRE ). An additional breakdown of the Company s CRE portfolio follows. 
 September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Owner Occupied Non-Owner Occupied Total Percent of total CRE Office 696,119 757,484 1,453,603 13.4 Multi-family 1,212,053 1,212,053 11.2 Industrial and warehouse 774,670 431,559 1,206,229 11.1 Retail 392,935 761,304 1,154,239 10.7 Medical and nursing 256,801 317,506 574,307 5.3 Mini and RV Storage 11,213 560,061 571,274 5.3 Agriculture real estate 556,990 556,990 5.1 Hotel 552,382 552,382 5.1 Land 85,300 406,903 492,203 4.5 Restaurant and entertainment 229,838 88,118 317,956 2.9 Automotive and transportation 247,030 40,356 287,386 2.7 Other commercial real estate 2,019,124 436,095 2,455,219 22.7 Total commercial real estate 5,270,020 5,563,821 10,833,841 100 

66 

The following table summarizes the Company s CRE portfolio by geographic location, including occupancy as of the dates indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 Amount Percent of total CRE Montana 2,944,722 27.2 Utah 1,906,141 17.6 Idaho 1,531,379 14.1 Arizona 1,265,135 11.7 Colorado 1,113,439 10.3 Wyoming 770,381 7.1 Nevada 737,826 6.8 Washington 564,818 5.2 Total commercial real estate 10,833,841 100 
 
 The CRE portfolio is comprised of loans made to purchase, construct and finance commercial real estate properties. On average, the balances are small and geographically disbursed across our eight-state footprint. Specifically, our CRE portfolio has an average loan balance of 773 thousand with an average loan-to-value ratio LTV of 59 as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Due to the recent trends in the banking industry, there has been increased risk associated with commercial real estate loans, including with respect to the higher vulnerability of these credits to pressure as interest rates remain elevated and market conditions in many large metropolitan areas continue to show signs of stress. The Company has limited exposure to the office building sector in central business districts as the office portfolio is generally diversified in suburban and rural markets with strong occupancy levels. The Company maintains a practice of regular and ongoing loan reviews, stress tests, and sensitivity analyses to assess the level of risk in the loan portfolio. Loan reviews include monitoring past due rates, non-performing trends, concentrations, LTV s, among other qualitative factors. Loan policies are robust and are updated as needed to meet the strategic and risk mitigation goals of the company. 
 67 

Non-performing Assets 
 The following table summarizes information regarding non-performing assets at the dates indicated: 
 At or for the Nine Months ended At or for the Six Months ended At or for the Year ended At or for the Nine Months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Other real estate owned and foreclosed assets 633 630 1,503 48 Accruing loans 90 days or more past due 11,551 4,692 3,312 3,855 Non-accrual loans 15,937 12,686 20,816 38,380 Total non-performing assets 28,121 18,008 25,631 42,283 Non-performing assets as a percentage of subsidiary assets 
 0.10 0.06 0.09 0.15 ACL as a percentage of non-performing loans 
 730 1,116 799 455 Accruing loans 30-89 days past due 56,213 49,678 49,967 15,253 U.S. government guarantees included in non-performing assets 
 1,802 1,228 1,503 1,057 Interest income 1 
 672 354 1,085 1,479 
 ______________________________ 
 1 Amounts represent estimated interest income that would have been recognized on loans accounted for on a non-accrual basis as of the end of each period had such loans performed pursuant to contractual terms. 
 
 Non-performing assets as a percentage of subsidiary assets at September 30, 2024 was 0.10 percent compared to 0.06 percent in the prior quarter and 0.15 percent in the prior year third quarter. Non-performing assets of 28.1 million at September 30, 2024 increased 10.1 million, or 56 percent, over the prior quarter and decreased 14.2 million, or 33 percent, over the prior year third quarter. 
 
 Early stage delinquencies (accruing loans 30-89 days past due) as a percentage of loans at September 30, 2024 were 0.33 percent compared to 0.29 percent for the prior quarter end and 0.09 percent for the prior year third quarter. Early stage delinquencies of 56.2 million at September 30, 2024 increased 6.5 million from the prior quarter and increased 41.0 million from prior year third quarter. 
 
 Most of the Company s non-performing assets are secured by real estate, and based on the most current information available to management, including updated appraisals or evaluations (new or updated), the Company believes the value of the underlying real estate collateral is adequate to minimize significant charge-offs or losses to the Company. Through pro-active credit administration, the Company works closely with its borrowers to seek favorable resolution to the extent possible, thereby attempting to minimize net charge-offs or losses to the Company. With very limited exceptions, the Company does not disburse additional funds on non-performing loans. Instead, the Company proceeds to collection and foreclosure actions in order to reduce the Company s exposure to loss on such loans. 
 
 For additional information on accounting policies relating to non-performing assets, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 Modifications to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty 
 The company identifies modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty MBFD as a loan that has been modified for the borrower that is experiencing financial difficulties. The Company considers some of the indicators that a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty to be: currently in payment default on any of their debt, declaring bankruptcy, going concern, borrower s securities have been delisted, and other indicators of inability to meet obligations. Each debt modification is separately negotiated with the borrower and includes terms and conditions that reflect the borrower s prospective ability to service their obligations as modified. Such loans at September 30, 2024 had an amortized cost of 53.6 million. 

68 

Other Real Estate Owned and Foreclosed Assets 
 The book value of loans prior to the acquisition of collateral and transfer of the loans into other real estate owned OREO and other foreclosed assets during 2024 was 365 thousand. The fair value of the loan collateral acquired in foreclosure during 2024 was 171 thousand. The following table sets forth the changes in OREO for the periods indicated: 
 
 At or for the Nine Months ended At or for the Six Months ended At or for the Year ended At or for the Nine Months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Balance at beginning of period 1,503 1,503 32 32 Additions 171 104 1,563 100 Capital improvements 1 1 Write-downs (16) (16) (8) Sales (1,026) (962) (84) (84) Balance at end of period 633 630 1,503 48 

Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans Receivable 
 The following table summarizes the allocation of the ACL as of the dates indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) ACL Percent of ACL in Category Percent of Loans in Category ACL Percent of ACL in Category Percent of Loans in Category ACL Percent of ACL in Category Percent of Loans in Category Residential real estate 
 25,289 12 11 22,325 12 11 21,697 11 10 Commercial real estate 
 138,547 68 63 130,924 68 64 130,852 68 65 Other commercial 23,169 11 19 21,194 11 18 21,771 12 18 Home equity 11,458 6 5 11,766 6 5 11,624 6 5 Other consumer 6,707 3 2 6,548 3 2 6,327 3 2 Total 205,170 100 100 192,757 100 100 192,271 100 100 
 
 69 

The following table summarizes the ACL experience for the periods indicated: 
 At or for the Nine Months ended At or for the Six Months ended At or for the Year ended At or for the Nine Months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Balance at beginning of period 192,757 192,757 182,283 182,283 Acquisitions 3 3 Provision for credit losses 21,138 14,157 20,790 16,609 Net (charge-offs) recoveries Residential real estate 30 20 (3) (7) Commercial real estate (345) (370) (1,640) (333) Other commercial (3,346) (2,349) (2,256) (1,528) Home equity 101 49 38 (16) Other consumer (5,168) (3,312) (6,455) (4,737) Net charge-offs (8,728) (5,962) (10,316) (6,621) Balance at end of period 205,170 200,955 192,757 192,271 ACL as a percentage of total loans 
 1.19 1.19 1.19 1.19 Non-accrual loans as a percentage of total loans 0.09 0.08 0.13 0.24 ACL as a percentage of non-accrual loans 1,287.38 1,584.07 926.01 500.97 
 
 The following table summarizes net (charge-offs) recoveries as a percentage of average loans for the periods indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Residential real estate Commercial real estate (0.02) Other commercial (0.11) (0.08) (0.08) (0.05) Home equity 0.01 0.01 Other consumer (1.30) (0.84) (1.64) 1.21 Total net (charge-offs) recoveries (0.05) (0.04) (0.07) 0.04 
 
 The current quarter credit loss expense of 8.0 million included 2.8 million of provision for credit losses on loans and 799 thousand of provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments from the branch acquisition of RMB. Excluding the branch acquisition of RMB, the current quarter credit loss expense was 4.4 million including 4.2 million credit loss expense from loans and 225 thousand of credit loss expense from unfunded loan commitments. 
 
 For the first nine months of the current year, the provision for credit losses of 19.8 million included 8.1 million of provision for credit losses on loans and 1.6 million of provision for credit losses on unfunded loan commitments from the acquisitions of Wheatland and RMB. 
 
 The ACL as a percentage of total loans outstanding at September 30, 2024 was 1.19 percent and remained unchanged from the prior year end and the prior year third quarter. The Company s ACL of 205 million is considered adequate to absorb the estimated credit losses from any segment of its loan portfolio. For the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company believes the ACL is commensurate with the risk in the Company s loan portfolio and is directionally consistent with the change in the quality of the Company s loan portfolio. 
 
 70 

At the end of each quarter, the Company analyzes its loan portfolio and maintains an ACL at a level that is appropriate and determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Determining the adequacy of the ACL involves a high degree of judgment and is inevitably imprecise as the risk of loss is difficult to quantify. The ACL methodology is designed to reasonably estimate the probable credit losses within the Company s loan portfolio. Accordingly, the ACL is maintained within a range of estimated losses. The determination of the ACL on loans, including credit loss expense and net charge-offs, is a critical accounting estimate that involves management s judgments about the loan portfolio that impact credit losses, including the credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio, economic forecasts nationally and in the local markets in which the Company operates, trends and changes in collateral values, delinquencies, non-performing assets, net charge-offs, credit-related policies and personnel, and other environmental factors. 
 
 In determining the allowance, the loan portfolio is separated into pools of loans that share similar risk characteristics which are the Company s loan segments. The Company then derives estimated loss assumptions from its model by loan segment. The loss assumptions are then applied to each segment of loan to estimate the ACL on the pooled loans. For any loans that do not share similar risk characteristics, the estimated credit losses are determined on an individual loan basis and such loans primarily consist of non-accrual loans. An estimated credit loss is recorded on individually reviewed loans when the fair value of a collateral-dependent loan or the present value of the loan s expected future cash flows (discounted at the loans original effective interest rate) is less than the amortized cost of the loan. 
 
 The Company provides commercial banking services to individuals, small to medium-sized businesses, community organizations and public entities from 232 locations, including 197 branches, across Montana, Idaho, Utah, Washington, Wyoming, Colorado, Arizona and Nevada. The states in which the Company operates have diverse economies and markets that are tied to commodities (crops, livestock, minerals, oil and natural gas), tourism, real estate and land development and an assortment of industries, both manufacturing and service-related. Thus, the changes in the global, national, and local economies are not uniform across the Company s geographic locations. The geographic dispersion of these market areas helps to mitigate the risk of credit loss. The Company s model of seventeen bank divisions with separate management teams is also a significant benefit in mitigating and managing the Company s credit risk. This model provides substantial local oversight to the lending and credit management function and requires multiple reviews of larger loans before credit is extended. 
 
 The primary responsibility for credit risk assessment and identification of problem loans rests with the loan officer of the account. This continuous process of identifying non-performing loans is necessary to support management s evaluation of the ACL adequacy. An independent loan review function verifying credit risk ratings evaluates the loan officer s and management s evaluation of the loan portfolio credit quality. The ACL evaluation is well documented and approved by the Company s Board. In addition, the policy and procedures for determining the balance of the ACL are reviewed annually by the Company s Board, the internal audit department, independent credit reviewers and state and federal bank regulatory agencies. 
 
 Although the Company continues to actively monitor economic trends and regulatory developments, no assurance can be given that the Company will not, in any particular period, sustain losses that are significant relative to the ACL amount, or that subsequent evaluations of the loan portfolio applying management s judgment about then current factors will not require significant changes in the ACL. Under such circumstances, additional credit loss expense could result. 
 
 For additional information regarding the ACL, its relation to credit loss expense and risks related to asset quality, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 71 

Loans by Regulatory Classification 
 Supplemental information regarding identification of the Company s loan portfolio and credit quality based on regulatory classification is provided in the following tables. The regulatory classification of loans is based primarily on the type of collateral for the loans. There may be differences when compared to loan tables and loan amounts appearing elsewhere which reflect the Company s internal loan segments which are based on the purpose of the loan. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s loan portfolio by regulatory classification: 
 Loans Receivable, by Loan Type Change from (Dollars in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Custom and owner occupied construction 
 235,915 233,978 290,572 306,106 1 (19) (23) Pre-sold and spec construction 
 203,610 198,219 236,596 287,048 3 (14) (29) Total residential construction 
 439,525 432,197 527,168 593,154 2 (17) (26) Land development 205,704 209,794 232,966 234,995 (2) (12) (12) Consumer land or lots 189,705 190,781 187,545 184,685 (1) 1 3 Unimproved land 109,237 108,763 87,739 87,089 25 25 Developed lots for operative builders 
 67,140 57,140 56,142 62,485 18 20 7 Commercial lots 98,644 99,036 87,185 84,194 13 17 Other construction 689,638 810,536 900,547 982,384 (15) (23) (30) Total land, lot, and other construction 
 1,360,068 1,476,050 1,552,124 1,635,832 (8) (12) (17) Owner occupied 3,121,900 3,087,814 3,035,768 2,976,821 1 3 5 Non-owner occupied 4,001,430 3,941,786 3,742,916 3,765,266 2 7 6 Total commercial real estate 
 7,123,330 7,029,600 6,778,684 6,742,087 1 5 6 Commercial and industrial 1,387,538 1,400,896 1,363,479 1,363,198 (1) 2 2 Agriculture 1,047,320 962,384 772,458 785,208 9 36 33 1st lien 2,462,885 2,353,912 2,127,989 2,054,497 5 16 20 Junior lien 77,029 56,049 47,230 47,490 37 63 62 Total 1-4 family 2,539,914 2,409,961 2,175,219 2,101,987 5 17 21 Multifamily residential 921,138 1,027,962 796,538 714,822 (10) 16 29 Home equity lines of credit 1,004,300 974,000 979,891 950,204 3 2 6 Other consumer 221,517 220,755 229,154 233,980 (3) (5) Total consumer 1,225,817 1,194,755 1,209,045 1,184,184 3 1 4 States and political subdivisions 993,871 777,426 834,947 833,618 28 19 19 Other 188,792 180,505 204,111 209,983 5 (8) (10) Total loans receivable, including loans held for sale 
 17,227,313 16,891,736 16,213,773 16,164,073 2 6 7 Less loans held for sale 1 
 (46,126) (39,745) (15,691) (29,027) 16 194 59 Total loans receivable 17,181,187 16,851,991 16,198,082 16,135,046 2 6 6 
 ______________________________ 
 1 Loans held for sale are primarily 1st lien 1-4 family loans. 
 72 

The following table summarizes the Company s non-performing assets by regulatory classification: 
 Non-performing Assets, by Loan Type Non- Accrual Loans Accruing Loans 90 Days or More Past Due OREO (Dollars in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Sep 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2024 Custom and owner occupied construction 
 202 206 214 219 202 Pre-sold and spec construction 3,705 2,908 763 763 2,942 763 Total residential construction 
 3,907 3,114 977 982 3,144 763 Land development 583 35 80 22 561 Consumer land or lots 458 429 96 314 241 217 Unimproved land 36 Developed lots for operative builders 
 531 608 608 608 531 Commercial lots 47 47 47 188 47 Other construction 25 12,884 Total land, lot and other construction 
 1,619 1,109 786 14,110 263 1,356 Owner occupied 1,903 1,992 1,838 1,445 662 809 432 Non-owner occupied 1,335 257 11,016 15,105 1,335 Total commercial real estate 
 3,238 2,249 12,854 16,550 1,997 809 432 Commercial and industrial 2,455 2,044 1,971 1,367 1,408 1,047 Agriculture 6,040 2,442 2,558 2,450 2,164 3,876 1st lien 6,065 2,923 2,664 2,766 3,724 2,341 Junior lien 279 492 180 363 279 Total 1-4 family 6,344 3,415 2,844 3,129 4,003 2,341 Multifamily residential 392 385 395 392 Home equity lines of credit 2,867 2,145 2,043 1,612 1,903 964 Other consumer 1,111 1,089 1,187 942 663 247 201 Total consumer 3,978 3,234 3,230 2,554 2,566 1,211 201 Other 148 16 16 1,141 148 Total 28,121 18,008 25,631 42,283 15,937 11,551 633 

73 

The following table summarizes the Company s accruing loans 30-89 days past due by regulatory classification: 
 Accruing 30-89 Days Delinquent Loans, by Loan Type Change from (Dollars in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Custom and owner occupied construction 
 13 1,323 2,549 (99) (99) n/m Pre-sold and spec construction 1,250 816 1,219 599 53 3 109 Total residential construction 
 1,263 2,139 3,768 599 (41) (66) 111 Land development 157 163 44 n/m (4) 257 Consumer land or lots 747 411 624 528 82 20 41 Unimproved land 39 158 87 (75) n/m (55) Commercial lots 2,159 1,245 n/m (100) (100) Other construction 21 (100) n/m n/m Total land, lot and other construction 
 943 590 2,946 1,904 60 (68) (50) Owner occupied 5,641 4,326 2,222 652 30 154 765 Non-owner occupied 13,785 8,119 14,471 213 70 (5) 6,372 Total commercial real estate 
 19,426 12,445 16,693 865 56 16 2,146 Commercial and industrial 3,125 17,591 12,905 2,946 (82) (76) 6 Agriculture 16,932 5,288 594 604 220 2,751 2,703 1st lien 6,275 2,637 3,768 1,006 138 67 524 Junior lien 13 17 1 355 (24) 1,200 (96) Total 1-4 family 6,288 2,654 3,769 1,361 137 67 362 Home equity lines of credit 4,567 5,432 4,518 3,638 (16) 1 26 Other consumer 2,227 2,192 3,264 1,821 2 (32) 22 Total consumer 6,794 7,624 7,782 5,459 (11) (13) 24 Other 1,442 1,347 1,510 1,515 7 (5) (5) Total 56,213 49,678 49,967 15,253 13 13 269 
 ______________________________ 
 n/m - not measurable 

74 

The following table summarizes the Company s charge-offs and recoveries by regulatory classification: 
 Net Charge-Offs (Recoveries), Year-to-Date Period Ending, By Loan Type Charge-Offs Recoveries (Dollars in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Sep 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2024 Pre-sold and spec construction (4) (4) (15) (12) 4 Land development (21) (1) (135) (134) 21 Consumer land or lots (21) (22) (19) (14) 21 Unimproved land 5 5 5 Commercial lots 319 319 319 Other construction 889 Total land, lot and other construction 
 282 301 735 (148) 324 42 Owner occupied (73) (73) (59) (104) 73 Non-owner occupied (3) (2) 799 500 3 Total commercial real estate (76) (75) 740 396 76 Commercial and industrial 1,272 644 364 (11) 1,839 567 Agriculture 65 68 68 3 1st lien (34) (22) 66 98 34 Junior lien (60) (55) 24 32 10 70 Total 1-4 family (94) (77) 90 130 10 104 Multifamily residential (136) Home equity lines of credit (31) 1 (6) 20 35 66 Other consumer 753 493 1,097 816 1,056 303 Total consumer 722 494 1,091 836 1,091 369 Other 6,561 4,611 7,447 5,430 9,074 2,513 Total 8,728 5,962 10,316 6,621 12,406 3,678 

Sources of Funds 
 The Company s deposits have traditionally been the principal source of funds for use in lending and other business purposes. The Company also obtains funds from repayment of loans and debt securities, securities sold under agreements to repurchase repurchase agreements ), wholesale deposits, advances from FHLB, Federal Reserve facilities, and other borrowings. Loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, while interest bearing deposit inflows and outflows are significantly influenced by general interest rate levels and market conditions. Borrowings and advances may be used on a short-term basis to compensate for reductions in normal sources of funds such as deposit inflows at less than projected levels. Borrowings also may be used on a long-term basis to support expanded activities, match maturities of longer-term assets or manage interest rate risk. 
 
 Deposits 
 The Company has several deposit programs designed to attract both short-term and long-term deposits from the general public by providing a wide selection of accounts and rates. These programs include non-interest bearing deposit accounts and interest bearing deposit accounts such as NOW, DDA, savings, money market deposits, fixed rate certificates of deposit with maturities ranging from three months to five years, negotiated-rate jumbo certificates, and individual retirement accounts. These deposits are obtained primarily from individual and business residents in the Bank s geographic market areas. Wholesale deposits are 
 75 

obtained through various programs and include brokered deposits classified as NOW, DDA, money market deposits and certificate accounts. The Company s deposits are summarized below: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Non-interest bearing deposits 6,407,728 31 6,022,980 30 6,465,353 32 NOW and DDA accounts 5,363,476 26 5,321,257 27 5,253,367 26 Savings accounts 2,801,077 13 2,833,887 14 2,872,362 14 Money market deposit accounts 2,854,540 14 2,831,624 14 2,994,631 15 Certificate accounts 3,284,609 16 2,915,393 15 2,742,017 13 Wholesale deposits 3,334 4,026 67,434 Total interest bearing deposits 14,307,036 69 13,906,187 70 13,929,811 68 Total deposits 20,714,764 100 19,929,167 100 20,395,164 100 
 
 Borrowings 
 The Company borrows money through repurchase agreements. This process involves the selling of one or more of the securities in the Company s investment portfolio and simultaneously entering into an agreement to repurchase the same securities at an agreed upon later date, typically overnight. A rate of interest is paid for the agreed period of time. The Bank enters into repurchase agreements with local municipalities, and certain customers, and has adopted procedures designed to ensure proper transfer of title and safekeeping of the underlying securities. In addition to retail repurchase agreements, the Company periodically enters into wholesale repurchase agreements as additional funding sources. The Company has not entered into reverse repurchase agreements. 
 
 The Bank is a member of the FHLB of Des Moines, which is one of eleven banks that comprise the FHLB system. The Bank is required to maintain a certain level of activity-based stock in order to borrow or to engage in other transactions with the FHLB of Des Moines. Additionally, the Bank is subject to a membership capital stock requirement that is based upon an annual calibration tied to the total assets of the Bank. The borrowings are collateralized by eligible categories of loans and debt securities (principally, securities which are obligations of, or guaranteed by, the U.S. government and its agencies), provided certain standards related to credit-worthiness have been met. Advances are made pursuant to several different credit programs, each of which has its own interest rates and range of maturities. The Bank s maximum amount of FHLB advances is limited to the lesser of a fixed percentage of the Bank s total assets or the discounted value of eligible collateral. FHLB advances fluctuate to meet seasonal and other withdrawals of deposits and to expand lending or investment opportunities of the Company. 
 
 During the first quarter 2023, the Federal Reserve Bank FRB offered a new Bank Term Funding Program BTFP to eligible depository institutions. The BTFP offered loans of up to one year in length to institutions pledging collateral eligible for purchase by the FRB in open market operations such as U.S. Treasuries, U.S. Agency securities, and U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities. These assets were valued at par value. During 2023 the Company borrowed 2.740 billion from the BTFP which enabled the Company to pay off higher rate FHLB advances and support its liquidity position. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company paid-off all of the BTFP borrowings through a combination of the FHLB borrowings and additional sources of liquidity. 
 
 Additionally, the Company has other sources of secured and unsecured borrowing lines from various sources that may be used from time to time. 
 
 Short-term borrowings 
 A critical component of the Company s liquidity and capital resources is access to short-term borrowings to fund its operations. Short-term borrowings are accompanied by increased risks managed by the Bank s Asset Liability Committee ALCO such as rate increases or unfavorable change in terms which would make it more costly to obtain future short-term borrowings. The Company s short-term borrowing sources include FHLB advances, federal funds purchased and retail and wholesale repurchase agreements. The Company also has access to the short-term discount window borrowing programs (i.e., primary credit) of the FRB as well as a line of credit with a large national banking institution. FHLB advances and certain other short-term borrowings may be renewed as long-term borrowings to decrease certain risks such as liquidity or interest rate risk; however, the reduction in risks are weighed against the increased cost of funds and other risks. 
 76 

Subordinated Debentures 
 In addition to funds obtained in the ordinary course of business, the Company formed or acquired financing subsidiaries for the purpose of issuing or holding trust preferred securities that entitle the investor to receive cumulative cash distributions thereon. Subordinated debentures were issued in conjunction with the trust preferred securities and the terms of the subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities are the same. For regulatory capital purposes, the trust preferred securities are included in Tier 2 capital at September 30, 2024. The subordinated debentures outstanding as of September 30, 2024 were 133 million, including fair value adjustments from acquisitions. 

Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the normal course of business, there may be various outstanding commitments to obtain funding and to extend credit, such as letters of credit and unfunded loan commitments, which are not reflected in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company assessed the off-balance sheet credit exposures as of September 30, 2024 and determined its ACL of 17.9 million was adequate to absorb the estimated credit losses. 
 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements also include any obligation related to a variable interest held in an unconsolidated entity. The Company does not anticipate any material losses as a result of these transactions. For additional information regarding the Company s interests in unconsolidated variable interest entities VIE ), see Note 7 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 77 

Liquidity Risk 
 In the normal course of business, the Company has commitments that require material cash requirements for customer deposits outflows, repurchase agreements, borrowed funds, lease obligations, off-balance sheet obligations, operating expenses and other contractual obligations. The source of funding for such requirements includes loan repayments, customer deposit inflows, borrowings, revenue from operations, and capital resources. Liquidity risk is the possibility that the Company will not be able to fund present and future obligations as they come due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding at a reasonable cost. The objective of liquidity management is to maintain cash flows adequate to meet current and future needs for credit demand, deposit withdrawals, maturing liabilities and corporate operating expenses. Effective liquidity management entails three elements: 
 1. assessing on an ongoing basis, the current and expected future needs for funds, and ensuring that sufficient funds or access to funds exist to meet those needs at the appropriate time; 
 2. providing for an adequate cushion of liquidity to meet unanticipated cash flow needs that may arise from potential adverse circumstances ranging from high probability/low severity events to low probability/high severity; and 
 3. balancing the benefits between providing for adequate liquidity to mitigate potential adverse events and the cost of that liquidity. 
 
 The Company has a wide range of versatility in managing the liquidity and asset/liability mix. The Bank s ALCO meets regularly to assess liquidity risk, among other matters. The Company monitors liquidity and contingency funding alternatives through management reports of liquid assets (e.g., debt securities), both unencumbered and pledged, as well as borrowing capacity, both secured and unsecured, including off-balance sheet funding sources. The Company evaluates its potential funding needs across alternative scenarios and maintains contingency funding plans consistent with the Company s access to diversified sources of contingent funding. 
 
 The following table identifies certain liquidity sources and capacity available to the Company as of the dates indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 FHLB advances Borrowing capacity 4,518,827 4,444,588 Amount utilized (1,800,000) Letters of credit and other pledged collateral (5,704) (2,327) Amount available 2,713,123 4,442,261 FRB discount window Borrowing capacity 1,899,796 1,916,312 Amount utilized Amount available 1,899,796 1,916,312 FRB Bank Term Funding Program Borrowing capacity 2,853,209 Amount utilized (2,740,000) Amount available 113,209 Unsecured lines of credit available 575,000 565,000 Unencumbered debt securities U.S. government and federal agency 608,833 473,084 U.S. government sponsored enterprises 301,929 State and local governments 947,022 998,923 Corporate bonds 14,543 26,253 Residential mortgage-backed securities 752,310 127,328 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 855,656 183,048 Total unencumbered debt securities 1 
 3,480,293 1,808,636 
 ____________________________ 
 1 Total unencumbered debt securities at September 30, 2024, included 1.8 billion classified as AFS and 1.7 billion classified as HTM. Total unencumbered debt securities at December 31, 2023, included 441.5 million classified as AFS, and 1.4 billion classified as HTM. 
 78 

Capital Resources 
 Maintaining capital strength continues to be a long-term objective of the Company. Abundant capital is necessary to sustain growth, provide protection against unanticipated declines in asset values, and to safeguard the funds of depositors. Capital is also a source of funds for loan demand and enables the Company to effectively manage its assets and liabilities. The Company has the capacity to issue 234,000,000 shares of common stock of which 113,394,786 have been issued as of September 30, 2024. The Company also has the capacity to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock of which none have been issued as of September 30, 2024. Conversely, the Company may decide to utilize a portion of its strong capital position, as it has done in the past, to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock, depending on market price and other relevant considerations. 
 
 The Federal Reserve has adopted capital adequacy guidelines that are used to assess the adequacy of capital in supervising a bank holding company. The federal banking agencies issued final rules Final Rules that established a comprehensive regulatory capital framework based on the recommendation of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The Final Rules require the Company to hold a 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. As of September 30, 2024, management believes the Company and Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject and there are no conditions or events subsequent to this date that management believes have changed the Company s or Bank s risk-based capital category. 
 
 The following table illustrates the Bank s regulatory capital ratios and the Federal Reserve s capital adequacy guidelines as of September 30, 2024: Total Capital (To Risk-Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (To Risk-Weighted Assets) Common Equity Tier 1 (To Risk-Weighted Assets) Leverage Ratio/ Tier 1 Capital (To Average Assets) Glacier Bank actual regulatory ratios 
 13.61 12.50 12.50 8.90 Minimum capital requirements 
 8.00 6.00 4.50 4.00 Minimum capital requirements plus capital conservation buffer 
 10.50 8.50 7.00 N/A Well capitalized requirements 
 10.00 8.00 6.50 5.00 

Federal and State Income Taxes 
 The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return using the accrual method of accounting. All required tax returns have been timely filed. Financial institutions are subject to the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, in the same general manner as other corporations. The federal statutory corporate income tax rate is 21 percent. 
 
 Within the Company s geographic footprint under Montana, Idaho, Utah, Colorado and Arizona law, financial institutions are subject to a corporation income tax, which incorporates or is substantially similar to applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The corporation income tax is imposed on federal taxable income, subject to certain adjustments. State taxes are incurred at the rate of 6.75 percent in Montana, 5.70 percent in Idaho, 4.55 percent in Utah, 4.25 percent in Colorado and 4.90 percent in Arizona. Washington, Wyoming and Nevada do not impose a corporate income tax. The Company is also required to file in states other than the eight states in which it has properties. 
 
 79 

The following table summarizes information relevant to the Company s federal and state income taxes: 
 Nine Months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Income Before Income Taxes 152,811 205,496 Federal and state income tax expense 24,421 36,885 Net Income 128,390 168,611 Effective tax rate 1 
 16.0 17.9 Income from tax-exempt debt securities, municipal loans and leases 63,160 59,588 Benefits from federal income tax credits 20,422 15,552 
 ______________________________ 
 1 The current and prior year s low effective income tax rates are due to income from tax-exempt debt securities, municipal loans and leases and benefits from federal income tax credits. 
 
 Tax expense of 24.4 million for the first nine months of 2024 decreased 12.5 million, or 34 percent, over the prior year. The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2024 was 16.0 percent compared to 17.9 percent for the same period in the prior year. The decrease in tax expense and the resulting effective tax rate was the result of a combination of increased federal tax credits and a decrease in the pre-tax income. 
 
 The Company has equity investments in Certified Development Entities CDE which have received allocations of New Markets Tax Credits NMTC ). Administered by the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund CDFI Fund of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the NMTC program is aimed at stimulating economic and community development and job creation in low-income communities. The federal income tax credits received are claimed over a seven-year credit allowance period. The Company also has equity investments in Low-Income Housing Tax Credits LIHTC which are indirect federal subsidies used to finance the development of affordable rental housing for low-income households. The federal income tax credits are claimed over a ten-year credit allowance period. The Company has investments of 14.0 million in Qualified School Construction bonds whereby the Company receives quarterly federal income tax credits in lieu of taxable interest income. The federal income tax credits on these debt securities are subject to federal and state income tax. 
 
 Following is a list of expected federal income tax credits to be received in the years indicated. 
 (Dollars in thousands) New Markets Tax Credits Low-Income Housing Tax Credits Debt Securities Tax Credits Total 2024 7,277 22,036 610 29,923 2025 5,797 26,732 452 32,981 2026 5,192 27,625 220 33,037 2027 5,370 25,830 42 31,242 2028 3,354 23,481 42 26,877 Thereafter 2,826 95,138 149 98,113 29,816 220,842 1,515 252,173 
 
 80 

Average Balance Sheet 
 The following schedule provides 1) the total dollar amount of interest and dividend income of the Company for earning assets and the average yields; 2) the total dollar amount of interest expense on interest bearing liabilities and the average rates; 3) net interest and dividend income and interest rate spread; and 4) net interest margin (tax-equivalent). 
 Three Months ended Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest and Dividends Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest and Dividends Average Yield/ Rate Assets Residential real estate loans 1,850,066 23,118 5.00 1,798,202 65,636 4.87 Commercial loans 1 
 13,957,304 198,556 5.66 13,737,866 571,540 5.56 Consumer and other loans 1,324,142 23,188 6.97 1,299,463 65,725 6.76 Total loans 2 
 17,131,512 244,862 5.69 16,835,531 702,901 5.58 Tax-exempt investment securities 3 
 1,660,643 14,710 3.54 1,695,965 44,978 3.54 Taxable investment securities 4, 5 
 7,073,967 34,001 1.92 7,429,971 106,939 1.92 Total earning assets 25,866,122 293,573 4.52 25,961,467 854,818 4.40 Goodwill and intangibles 1,092,632 1,071,024 Non-earning assets 836,878 734,681 Total assets 27,795,632 27,767,172 Liabilities Non-interest bearing deposits 6,237,166 6,077,392 NOW and DDA accounts 5,314,459 16,221 1.21 5,270,842 47,866 1.21 Savings accounts 2,829,203 5,699 0.80 2,881,273 17,368 0.81 Money market deposit accounts 2,887,173 15,048 2.07 2,913,206 43,907 2.01 Certificate accounts 3,211,842 33,597 4.16 3,083,866 96,365 4.17 Total core deposits 20,479,843 70,565 1.37 20,226,579 205,506 1.36 Short-term borrowings Wholesale deposits 6 
 3,122 42 5.47 3,603 149 5.49 Repurchase agreements 1,723,553 14,738 3.40 1,612,021 40,901 3.39 FHLB advances 968,533 12,126 4.90 769,521 28,560 4.88 FRB Bank Term Funding 824,672 27,097 4.39 Total short-term borrowings 2,695,208 26,906 3.91 3,209,817 96,707 3.96 Long-term borrowings FHLB advances 860,000 10,218 4.65 627,737 22,212 4.65 Subordinated debentures and other borrowed funds 
 219,472 1,658 3.01 220,835 5,200 3.15 Total interest bearing liabilities 
 24,254,523 109,347 1.79 24,284,968 329,625 1.81 Other liabilities 336,906 345,822 Total liabilities 24,591,429 24,630,790 Stockholders Equity Stockholders equity 3,204,203 3,136,382 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 27,795,632 27,767,172 Net interest income (tax-equivalent) 184,226 525,193 Net interest spread (tax-equivalent) 2.73 2.59 Net interest margin (tax-equivalent) 2.83 2.70 
 
 81 

Average Balance Sheet - continued 
 ______________________________ 
 1 Includes tax effect of 1.7 million and 4.8 million on tax-exempt municipal loan and lease income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 2 Total loans are gross of the allowance for credit losses, net of unearned income and include loans held for sale. Non-accrual loans were included in the average volume for the entire period. 
 3 Includes tax effect of 2.1 million and 6.5 million on tax-exempt debt securities income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 4 Includes interest income of 4.8 million and 17.2 million on average interest-bearing cash balances of 357.0 million and 631.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 5 Includes tax effect of 203 thousand and 629 thousand on federal income tax credits for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 6 Wholesale deposits include brokered deposits classified as NOW, DDA, money market deposit and certificate accounts with contractual maturities. 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 Net interest income can be evaluated from the perspective of relative dollars of change in each period. Interest income and interest expense, which are the components of net interest income, are shown in the following table on the basis of the amount of any increases (or decreases) attributable to changes in the dollar levels of the Company s interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities volume and the yields earned and paid on such assets and liabilities rate ). The change in interest income and interest expense attributable to changes in both volume and rates has been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 
 Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 2024 vs. 2023 Increase (Decrease) Due to: (Dollars in thousands) Volume Rate Net Interest income Residential real estate loans 7,453 6,675 14,128 Commercial loans (tax-equivalent) 33,858 39,530 73,388 Consumer and other loans 2,987 8,490 11,477 Investment securities (tax-equivalent) (13,116) 12,717 (399) Total interest income 31,182 67,412 98,594 Interest expense NOW and DDA accounts 657 24,603 25,260 Savings accounts (67) 12,365 12,298 Money market deposit accounts (2,900) 18,153 15,253 Certificate accounts 30,785 30,967 61,752 Wholesale deposits (7,863) 13 (7,850) Repurchase agreements 7,419 9,297 16,716 FHLB advances 24,225 (363) 23,862 FRB Bank Term Funding (36,064) 1 (36,063) Subordinated debentures and other borrowed funds 
 351 (887) (536) Total interest expense 16,543 94,149 110,692 Net interest income (tax-equivalent) 14,639 (26,737) (12,098) 
 
 Net interest income (tax-equivalent) decreased 12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The interest income for the first nine months of 2024 increased over the same period last year primarily from loan growth and increased loan yields. The increase in interest expense for the first nine months of 2023 was primarily the result of an increase in interest rates. 
 
 82 

Market Risk 
 Market risk is the risk of loss in a financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market rates/prices such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and equity prices. The Company s primary market risk exposure is interest rate risk. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is the potential for loss of future earnings resulting from adverse changes in the level of interest rates. Interest rate risk results from many factors and could have a significant impact on the Company s net interest income, which is the Company s primary source of net income. Net interest income is affected by a myriad of variables, including changes in interest rates, the relationship between rates on interest bearing assets and liabilities, the impact of the interest fluctuations on asset prepayments and the mix of interest bearing assets and liabilities. 
 Although interest rate risk is inherent in the banking industry, banks are expected to have sound risk management practices in place to measure, monitor and control interest rate exposures. The objective of interest rate risk management is to appropriately manage the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. The process includes identification and management of the sensitivity of net interest income to changing interest rates. 
 Net interest income simulation 
 The Company uses a detailed and dynamic simulation model to quantify the estimated exposure of net interest income NII to sustained interest rate changes. While ALCO routinely monitors simulated NII sensitivity over rolling two-year and five-year horizons, it also utilizes additional tools to monitor potential longer-term interest rate risk. The simulation model captures the impact of changing interest rates on the interest income received and interest expense paid on all assets and liabilities reflected on the Company s statements of financial condition. This sensitivity analysis is compared to ALCO policy limits which specify a maximum tolerance level for NII exposure over a one year and two year horizon, assuming no balance sheet growth. The ALCO policy rate scenarios include upward and downward shifts in interest rates for 100 bps, 200 bps, 300 bps, and 400 bps scenarios with instantaneous and parallel changes in current market yield curves. The ALCO policy also includes 200 bps and 400 bps rate scenarios with gradual parallel shifts in interest rates over 12-month and 24-month periods, respectively. Other non-parallel rate movement scenarios are also modeled to determine the potential impact on net interest income. The additional scenarios are adjusted as the economic environment changes and provide ALCO additional interest rate risk monitoring tools to evaluate current market conditions. The following is indicative of the Company s overall NII sensitivity analysis as of September 30, 2024. 
 Estimated Sensitivity Rate Scenarios One Year Two Years -400 bp Rate ramp (1.58 (1.34 -200 bp Rate ramp (1.12 (2.83 -200 bp Rate shock (2.43 (5.65 -100 bp Rate shock (1.01 (1.78 +100 bp Rate shock (0.75 0.59 +200 bp Rate shock (1.86 0.61 +200 bp Rate ramp (1.48 (1.00 +400 bp Rate shock (3.60 (1.36 
 The preceding sensitivity analysis does not represent a forecast and should not be relied upon as being indicative of expected operating results. Growth in the Company s core deposit franchise, updated deposit pricing assumptions, and other balance sheet changes It is important to note that these hypothetical estimates are based upon numerous assumptions that are specific to our Company and thus may not be directly comparable to other institutions. These assumptions include: the nature and timing of interest rate levels including, but not limited to, yield curve shape, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits and reinvestment/replacement of asset and liability cash flows. While assumptions are developed based upon current economic and local market conditions, the Company cannot make any assurances as to the predictive nature of these assumptions including how customer preferences or competitor influences might change. Also, as market conditions vary from those assumed in the sensitivity analysis, actual results will also differ due to prepayment/refinancing levels likely deviating from those assumed, the varying impact of interest rate caps or floors on adjustable rate assets, the potential effect of changing debt service levels on customers with adjustable rate loans, depositor early withdrawals and product preference changes, and other internal and external variables. Furthermore, the sensitivity analysis does not reflect actions that ALCO might take in responding to or anticipating changes in interest rates. 
 83 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 
 See Market Risk of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-Q. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as required by Exchange Act Rules 240.13a-15(b) and 15d-14(c)) as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s current disclosure controls and procedures are effective and timely, providing them with material information relating to the Company required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the third quarter of 2024, to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is involved in various claims, legal actions and complaints which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the Company s opinion, all such matters are adequately covered by insurance, are without merit or are of such kind, or involve such amounts, that unfavorable disposition would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The Company believes there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties described in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully reviewed. These are not the only risks and uncertainties that the Company faces. Additional risks and uncertainties that the Company does not currently know about or that we currently believe are immaterial, or that the Company has not predicted, may also harm our business operations or adversely affect the Company. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, the Company s business, financial condition, operating results or liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 84 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 (a) Not Applicable 
 
 (b) Not Applicable 
 
 (c) Not Applicable 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 
 (a) Not Applicable 
 
 (b) Not Applicable 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 (a) Not Applicable 
 
 (b) Not Applicable 
 
 (c) 
 
 85 

Item 6. Exhibits 

31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 86 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 GLACIER BANCORP, INC. October 31, 2024 /s/ Randall M. Chesler Randall M. Chesler President and CEO October 31, 2024 /s/ Ron J. Copher Ron J. Copher Executive Vice President and CFO 

87 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gbci-09302024xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Randall M. Chesler, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Glacier Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 October 31, 2024 s Randall M. Chesler Randall M. Chesler President CEO 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gbci-09302024xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Ron J. Copher, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Glacier Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 October 31, 2024 s Ron J. Copher Ron J. Copher Executive Vice President CFO 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 gbci-09302024xex32.htm
 EXHIBIT-32

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Glacier Bancorp, Inc. Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof Report ), we, Randall M. Chesler, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ron J. Copher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 October 31, 2024 s Randall M. Chesler Randall M. Chesler President CEO October 31, 2024 s Ron J. Copher Ron J. Copher Executive Vice President CFO 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gbci-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 gbci-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 gbci-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 gbci-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gbci-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

