<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1376139_0001376139-24-000053.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12911422</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>157334</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4951619</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3806240</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1984503</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1772544</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001376139-24-000053.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029162928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001376139-24-000053
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CVR ENERGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001376139
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PETROLEUM REFINING [2911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33492
		FILM NUMBER:		241406133

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2277 PLAZA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77479
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 207-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2277 PLAZA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77479

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001376139-24-000053.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 cvi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cvi-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _____________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 There were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding at October 25, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 CVR Energy, Inc. - Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 PART I. Financial Information PART II. Other Information Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 53 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 53 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 7 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 53 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 53 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 9 
 Signatures 
 54 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 10 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (including documents incorporated by reference herein) contains statements with respect to our expectations or beliefs as to future events. These types of statements are forward-looking and subject to uncertainties. See Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements section of this filing. 

September 30, 2024 | 2 

Table of Contents 

 Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), including, but not limited to, those under Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including without limitation, statements regarding future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, growth, capital projects, stock or unit repurchases, impacts of legal proceedings, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward looking statements. The words could , believe , anticipate , intend , estimate , expect , may , continue , predict , potential , project , and similar terms and phrases are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 
 Although we believe our assumptions concerning future events are reasonable, a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors could cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected or forward looking. Forward looking statements, as well as certain risks, contingencies or uncertainties that may impact our forward-looking statements, include but are not limited to the following: 
 volatile margins in the refining industry and exposure to the risks associated with volatile crude oil, refined product and feedstock prices; 
 the availability of adequate cash and other sources of liquidity for the capital, operating and other needs of our businesses; 
 the effects of the Russia-Ukraine war and the conflict in the Middle East and any spread or expansion thereof, including with respect to impacts to commodity prices and other markets; 
 the effects of changes in market conditions; market volatility; crude oil and other commodity prices; demand for those commodities, storage and transportation capacities and costs, inflation, and the impact of such changes on our operating results and financial condition; 
 the ability to forecast our future financial condition, results of operations, revenues and expenses accurately or at all; 
 the effects of transactions involving derivative instruments; 
 changes in laws, regulations, rules and policies with respect to crude oil, refined products, other hydrocarbons or renewable feedstocks or products including, without limitation, the export, production, sale or transportation thereof and the actions of the Biden Administration or future administrations that impact oil and gas operations in the United States; 
 political uncertainty in light of the upcoming November 2024 United States presidential election and impacts to the oil and gas industry and the United States economy generally as a result of actions taken by a new administration; 
 interruption in pipelines supplying feedstocks or distributing the petroleum business products; 
 competition in the petroleum and nitrogen fertilizer businesses, including potential impacts of domestic and global supply and demand and/or domestic or international duties, tariffs, or similar costs; 
 capital expenditures; 
 changes in our or our segments credit profiles and impacts thereof on cash needs or otherwise; 
 the cyclical and seasonal nature of the petroleum and nitrogen fertilizer businesses; 
 the supply, availability and price levels of raw materials and feedstocks; 
 our production levels, including the risk of a material decline in those levels; 
 accidents or other unscheduled shutdowns or interruptions affecting our facilities, machinery, or equipment, or those of our suppliers or customers; 
 existing and future laws, regulations, policies, or rulings, including the reinterpretation or amplification thereof by regulators, and including but not limited to those relating to the environment, climate change, alternatively energy or fuel sources, electric vehicles, emissions, including tailpipe emission standards that could impact the future viability of internal combustion engines, renewables, safety, security and/or the transportation or production of hazardous chemicals like ammonia, including potential liabilities or capital requirements arising from such laws, regulations or rulings and the impacts thereof on macroeconomic factors, consumer activity or otherwise; 
 erosion of demand for our products due to or other impacts of climate change and environmental, social and governance initiatives or other factors, whether from regulators, rating agencies, lenders, investors, litigants, customers, vendors, the public or others; 
 potential operating hazards, downtime, and damage to our or our counterparties facilities and other assets from accidents, fire, severe weather, tornadoes, floods, or other natural disasters; 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 3 

Table of Contents 

 the impact of weather on commodity supply and/or pricing and on the nitrogen fertilizer business including our ability to produce, market or sell fertilizer products profitability or at all; 
 rulings, judgments or settlements in litigation, tax or other legal or regulatory matters; 
 the dependence of the nitrogen fertilizer business on customers and distributors including to transport goods and equipment and providers of feedstocks; 
 the reliance on, or the ability to procure economically or at all, petroleum coke pet coke our nitrogen fertilizer business purchases from our subsidiaries and third-party suppliers or the natural gas, electricity, oxygen, nitrogen, sulfur processing and compressed dry air and other products purchased from third parties by the nitrogen fertilizer and petroleum businesses; 
 risks associated with third-party operation of or control over important facilities necessary for operation of our refineries and nitrogen fertilizer facilities; 
 risks of terrorism, cybersecurity attacks, and the security of chemical manufacturing facilities and other matters beyond our control; 
 our lack of diversification of assets or operating and supply areas; 
 the petroleum business and nitrogen fertilizer business dependence on significant customers and the creditworthiness and performance by counterparties; 
 the potential loss of the nitrogen fertilizer business transportation cost advantage over its competitors; 
 the potential inability to successfully implement our business strategies at all or on time and within our anticipated budgets, including significant capital programs or projects, turnarounds or renewable or carbon reduction initiatives at our refineries and fertilizer facilities, including pretreater, carbon sequestration, segregation of our renewables business and other projects; 
 our ability to continue to license the technology used for our operations; 
 our petroleum business purchase of, or ability to purchase, renewable identification numbers RINs on a timely and cost effective basis or at all; 
 the impact of refined product demand and declining inventories on refined product prices and crack spreads; 
 Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and its allies production levels and pricing; 
 the impact of RINs pricing, our blending and purchasing activities and governmental actions, including by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA on our RIN obligation, open RINs positions, small refinery exemptions, and our estimated consolidated cost to comply with our Renewable Fuel Standard RFS obligations; 
 our accounting policies and treatment, including of our RFS obligations; 
 operational upsets or changes in laws that could impact the amount and receipt of credits (if any) under Section 45Q of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
 our ability to meet certain carbon oxide capture and sequestration milestones; 
 our businesses ability to obtain, retain or renew environmental and other governmental permits, licenses or authorizations necessary for the operation of its business; 
 impact of potential runoff of water containing nitrogen based fertilizer into waterways and regulatory or legal actions in response thereto; 
 our ability to issue securities, obtain financing or sell assets on terms at favorable to us or at all; 
 bank failures or other events affecting financial institutions; 
 existing and future regulations related to the end-use of our products or the application of fertilizers; 
 refinery and nitrogen fertilizer facilities operating hazards and interruptions, including unscheduled maintenance or downtime and the availability of adequate insurance coverage; 
 risks related to services provided by or competition among our subsidiaries, including conflicts of interests and control of CVR Partners, LP s general partner, and control of CVR Energy, Inc. by its controlling shareholder; 
 risks related to potential strategic transactions involving CVR Energy, Inc. including but not limited to these in which its controlling shareholder or others may participate or direct (including by providing financing to CVR Energy, Inc. or otherwise) and potential strategic transactions involving CVR Partners, LP in which CVR Energy, Inc. and/or its controlling shareholder or others may participate, including in each case the process of exploring any such transaction and potentially completing any such transaction, including the costs thereof and the risk that any such transaction may not achieve any or all of any anticipated benefits; 
 instability and volatility in the capital and credit markets; 
 restrictions in our debt agreements; 
 our ability to refinance our debt on acceptable terms or at all; 
 asset impairments and impacts thereof; 
 the outcome of any legal proceedings involving or investigations of our controlling shareholder or his affiliates; 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 4 

Table of Contents 

 our controlling shareholder s intentions regarding ownership of our common stock, including any acquisitions, dispositions or transactions relating to our common stock; 
 the impact of any future pandemic or breakout of infectious disease, and of businesses and governments responses to such pandemic on our operations, personnel, commercial activity, and supply and demand across our and our customers and suppliers business; 
 the variable nature of CVR Partners, LP s distributions, including the ability of its general partner to modify or revoke its distribution policy, or to cease making cash distributions on its common units; 
 changes in tax and other laws, regulations and policies, including, without limitation, actions of the Biden Administration or future administrations that impact conventional fuel operations or favor renewable energy projects in the United States.; 
 changes in CVR Partners, LP s treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income or state tax purposes; 
 our ability to procure or recover under our insurance policies for damages or losses in full or at all; 
 labor supply shortages, labor difficulties, labor disputes or strikes and the impacts thereof; 
 impacts of any decision to return a unit back to hydrocarbon processing following renewable conversion; and 
 the factors described in greater detail under Risk Factors in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 All forward-looking statements contained in this Report only speak as of the date of this Report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this Report, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except to the extent required by law. 
 
 Information About Us 
 
 Investors should note that we make available, free of charge on our website at www.CVREnergy.com, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We also post announcements, updates, events, investor information and presentations on our website in addition to copies of all recent news releases. We may use the Investor Relations section of our website to communicate with investors. It is possible that the financial and other information posted there could be deemed to be material information. Documents and information on our website are not incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 (in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents (including and , respectively, of consolidated variable interest entity VIE )) 
 Reserved funds for debt payment Accounts receivable, net (including and , respectively, of VIE) 
 Inventories (including and , respectively, of VIE) 
 Prepaid expenses (including and , respectively, of VIE) 
 Other current assets (including and , respectively, of VIE) 
 Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net (including and , respectively, of VIE) 
 Other long-term assets (including and , respectively, of VIE) 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligations 
 Accounts payable (including and , respectively, of VIE) 
 Other current liabilities (including and , respectively, of VIE) 
 Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt and finance lease obligations, net of current portion (including and , respectively, of VIE) 
 Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities (including and , respectively, of VIE) 
 Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies See Note 13 
 par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, shares at cost 
 ) ) Total CVR stockholders equity 
 Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 6 

Table of Contents 

 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 
 Operating costs and expenses: Cost of materials and other 
 Direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Cost of sales 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Loss on asset disposal Operating (loss) income ) Other (expense) income: 
 Interest expense, net 
 ) ) ) ) Other income, net (Loss) income before income tax benefit ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net (loss) income ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net (loss) income attributable to CVR Energy stockholders ) ) Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

September 30, 2024 | 7 

Table of Contents 

 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (unaudited) Common Stockholders (in millions, except share data) Shares Issued Par 
 Value 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Total CVR Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Dividends paid to CVR Energy stockholders ) ) ) Distributions from CVR Partners to its public unitholders ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Dividends paid to CVR Energy stockholders ) ) ) Distributions from CVR Partners to its public unitholders ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) Dividends paid to CVR Energy stockholders ) ) ) Distributions from CVR Partners to its public unitholders ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Common Stockholders (in millions, except share data) Shares Issued Par 
 Value 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Total CVR Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Dividends paid to CVR Energy stockholders ) ) ) Distributions from CVR Partners to its public unitholders ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Dividends paid to CVR Energy stockholders ) ) ) Distributions from CVR Partners to its public unitholders ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Dividends paid to CVR Energy stockholders ) ) ) Distributions from CVR Partners to its public unitholders ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 8 

Table of Contents 

 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Share-based compensation Unrealized loss on derivatives, net Income from equity method investments 
 ) ) Return from equity method investment earnings Other items Changes in assets and liabilities: Current assets and liabilities ) Other long-term assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Turnaround expenditures ) ) Return of equity method investment Proceeds from sale of assets Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments on senior secured notes ) Dividends to CVR Energy s stockholders ) ) Distributions to CVR Partners noncontrolling interest holders ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, reserved funds and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, reserved funds and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

September 30, 2024 | 9 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

of the Company s outstanding common stock as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 CVR Partners, LP 
 
 Interest Holders - As of September 30, 2024, public common unitholders held approximately of CVR Partners outstanding common units and CVR Services, LLC CVR Services ), a wholly owned subsidiary of CVR Energy, held the remaining approximately of CVR Partners outstanding common units. In addition, CVR Services held of the interest in CVR Partners general partner, CVR GP, LLC, which held a non-economic general partner interest in CVR Partners as of September 30, 2024. The noncontrolling interest reflected on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets of CVR is only impacted by the results of and distributions from CVR Partners. 

owner of the general partner of CVR Partners, the Company has the sole ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of CVR Partners and is considered the primary beneficiary. 
 
 In the opinion of the Company s management, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments that are necessary for fair presentation of the financial position and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented. Such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature, unless otherwise disclosed. 
 
 The condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosure of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results that will be realized for the year ending December 31, 2024 or any other interim or annual period. 

September 30, 2024 | 10 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

Raw materials In-process inventories Parts, supplies and other Total inventories 

Buildings and improvements ROU finance leases Land and improvements Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Other Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property, plant, and equipment, net 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization expense related to property, plant, and equipment was million and million, respectively, compared to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, capitalized interest was million and million, respectively, compared to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

September 30, 2024 | 11 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 interest in CVRP JV in connection with a modification to a carbon oxide contract CO Contract with a customer. 
 Enable South Central Pipeline, LLC Enable JV - Through our subsidiaries, we own a interest in Enable JV, which operates a -inch -mile crude oil pipeline with a capacity of approximately barrels per day that is connected to the Wynnewood Refinery. The remaining interest in Enable JV is owned by Energy Transfer LP. 
 Midway Pipeline, LLC Midway JV - Through our subsidiaries, we own a interest in Midway JV, which operates a -inch -mile crude oil pipeline with a capacity of approximately barrels per day which connects the Coffeyville Refinery to the Cushing, Oklahoma oil hub. The remaining interest in Midway JV is owned by Plains Pipeline, L.P. 
 Cash distributions (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Equity income Balance at March 31, 2024 Cash distributions ) ) ) ) Equity income Balance at June 30, 2024 Cash distributions ) ) ) ) Equity income Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) Includes a million distribution to CVR Partners subsidiaries related to CVRP JV exceeding certain carbon oxide capture and sequestration milestones during 2023. 

Railcars Real estate and other Lease liability Pipelines and storage Railcars Real estate and other 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 12 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

Finance lease expense: Amortization of ROU asset Interest expense on lease liability Short-term lease expense 
 
 Lease Commitments Not Yet Commenced 
 
 Coffeyville Resources Nitrogen Fertilizer, LLC CRNF ), a subsidiary of CVR Partners, is party to an On-Site Product Supply Agreement with Messer LLC. Based on terms outlined in this agreement, the Company expects this contract to be recorded as a finance lease with approximately million being capitalized upon lease commencement when the item is placed in service, which is currently expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2024. Refer to Part II, Item 8, Note 6 Leases of our 2023 Form 10-K for further information. 

Personnel accruals Accrued taxes other than income taxes Deferred revenue Accrued interest Share-based compensation Operating lease liabilities Accrued income taxes Other accrued expenses and liabilities Total other current liabilities 

September 30, 2024 | 13 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 Senior Notes, due February 2028 
 Senior Notes, due January 2029 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total CVR Energy debt Petroleum Segment: 
 Finance lease obligations, net of current portion Total Petroleum Segment finance lease obligations, net of current portion 
 Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment: 
 Senior Secured Notes, due June 2028 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment debt 
 Total long-term debt and finance lease obligations, net of current portion Current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Total long-term debt and finance lease obligations, including current portion 
 
 Credit Agreements 
 (in millions) Total Available Borrowing Capacity Amount Borrowed as of September 30, 2024 Outstanding Letters of Credit Available Capacity as of September 30, 2024 Maturity Date CVR Energy: 
 CVR Energy s Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement CVR Energy ABL (1) 
 June 30, 2027 Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment: 
 CVR Partners Credit Agreement CVR Partners ABL 
 September 26, 2028 
 
 (1) As permitted under the CVR Energy ABL, certain subsidiaries of the Company entered into an Incremental Commitment Agreement on September 25, 2024 for an amount of million, which increased the total aggregate principal amount available under the CVR Energy ABL from million to million. 
 
 CVR Energy 
 
 2029 Notes - On December 21, 2023, CVR Energy completed the issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ). Interest on the 2029 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 each year, commencing on February 15, 2024. The 2029 Notes mature on January 15, 2029, unless earlier redeemed or purchased. See Part II, Item 8 of the 2023 Form 10-K for further details of the 2029 Notes. 
 
 In relation to the issuance of the 2029 Notes, the Company received million of net cash proceeds, net of underwriting fees and certain other third-party fees and expenses associated with the offering. These proceeds were reserved for the payment of the Company s Senior Notes, due 2025 (the 2025 Notes on February 15, 2024, and were presented in Reserved funds for debt payment on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 2025 Notes - On December 21, 2023, the Company delivered a notice of redemption to the holders of its 2025 Notes that all outstanding amounts of the 2025 Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, would be redeemed on 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 14 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 million principal amount of the 2025 Notes was classified as short-term as of December 31, 2023. On February 15, 2024, CVR Energy redeemed all of the outstanding 2025 Notes, at par, and settled accrued interest of approximately million through the date of redemption. As a result of this transaction, the Company recognized in Interest expense, net a million loss on extinguishment of debt on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which consisted of the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs. 
 
 Covenant Compliance 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all covenants under their respective debt instruments as of September 30, 2024. 

Distillates (2) 
 Ammonia UAN Urea products Freight revenue (3) 
 Other products (4) 
 Revenue from product sales Crude oil sales Total revenue 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 15 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

Distillates (2) 
 Ammonia UAN Urea products Freight revenue (3) 
 Other products (4) 
 Revenue from product sales Crude oil sales Other revenue Total revenue 
 
 (1) The Petroleum Segment may incur broker commissions or transportation costs in connection with certain sales. The broker costs are expensed since the contract durations are less than one year. Transportation costs are accounted for as fulfillment costs and are expensed as incurred. 
 (2) Distillates consist primarily of diesel fuel, kerosene, jet fuel, and renewable fuels. 
 (3) Freight revenue recognized by the Petroleum Segment is primarily tariff and line loss charges rebilled to customers to reimburse the Petroleum Segment for expenses incurred from a pipeline operator. Freight revenue recognized by the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment represents the pass-through finished goods delivery costs incurred prior to customer acceptance and are reimbursed by customers. An offsetting expense for freight is included in Cost of materials and other. 
 (4) Other products for the Petroleum Segment consists primarily of (i) feedstock, heavy oils, and liquified petroleum gas sales, (ii) sulfur credits, and (iii) pipeline and processing fees. For the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment, other products consists of sales of (i) nitric acid and (ii) carbon oxide, including sales made in connection with the 45Q Transaction and the noncash consideration received, which is recognized as the performance obligation associated with the CO Contract is satisfied over its term through April 2030. Revenue, if any, from the CO Contract is recognized over time based on carbon oxide volumes measured at delivery. The Other/Elimination columns include certain credits related to renewable fuel activity and eliminations of intercompany transactions. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 We have spot and term contracts with customers and the transaction prices are either fixed or based on market indices (variable consideration). We do not disclose remaining performance obligations for contracts that have terms of one year or less and for contracts where the variable consideration was entirely allocated to an unsatisfied performance obligation. As of September 30, 2024, these contracts have a remaining duration of less than . 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment had approximately million of remaining performance obligations for contracts with an original expected duration of more than one year. The Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment expects to recognize million of these performance obligations as revenue by the end of 2024, million during 2025, an additional million in 2026, and the remaining balance in 2027. 

September 30, 2024 | 16 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 Long-term deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, that was included in the deferred revenue balances as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Swaps NYMEX Diesel Cracks (1) 
 ) Swaps NYMEX RBOB Cracks ) Swaps NYMEX 2-1-1 Cracks ) Futures Soybean Oil ) 
 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, the Company held offsetting NYMEX Diesel Crack commodity buy and sell positions of approximately million barrels. 
 
 Other long-term assets 
 Other current liabilities 

) ) 
 
 million, for which million in collateral has been posted. 

September 30, 2024 | 17 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 ) Liabilities Commodity derivative instruments ) RFS 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Hierarchy Total gross fair value Contract netting Collateral netting (1) 
 Net value (in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Commodity derivative instruments ) Liabilities Commodity derivative instruments ) RFS 
 
 million and million of collateral under master netting arrangements not offset against the derivatives within Other current assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively, primarily related to initial margin requirements. 
 
 The Petroleum Segment s commodity derivative contracts consist of exchange traded futures, commodity price swaps, and sale and purchase forwards that are measured at fair value using a market approach based on available broker quoted market prices of identical or similar instruments. Similarly, RFS obligations are measured at fair value using a market approach based on available broker quoted market RIN spot prices for each specific or closest vintage year. 
 
 The Company had no transfers of assets or liabilities between any of the above levels during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 
 CVR Partners performed a nonrecurring fair value measurement of the equity interest received as part of the 45Q Transaction in January 2023. Such valuation used a combination of the market approach and the discounted cash flow methodology with key inputs including the discount rate, contractual and expected future cash flows, and market multiples. In January 2023, CVR Partners determined the estimated fair value of the consideration received to be million, which is a non-recurring Level 3 measurement, as defined by FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements , based on the use of CVR Partners own assumptions described above. There are no other assets or liabilities that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis for the periods presented. 

September 30, 2024 | 18 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 million and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Long-term debt of billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, had estimated fair values of billion and billion, respectively, and are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Other short-term financial assets and liabilities, which consist of restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and operating and finance lease obligations, are carried at cost on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and approximate their estimated fair values. 

Incentive Unit Awards Total share-based compensation expense 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 Crude Oil Supply Agreement 
 
 The Petroleum Segment has a crude oil supply agreement with Gunvor USA LLC Gunvor ), which commenced on January 1, 2024 (as amended, the Gunvor Crude Oil Supply Agreement ), pursuant to which Gunvor supplies the Petroleum Segment with certain crude oil and intermediation logistics helping to reduce the amount of inventory held at certain locations and mitigate crude oil pricing risk. The Gunvor Crude Oil Supply Agreement replaced a similar agreement with a different supplier that expired on December 31, 2023. Volumes contracted under these agreements, as a percentage of the total crude oil purchases (in barrels), were approximately and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Gunvor Crude Oil Supply Agreement, which currently extends through January 31, 2026, is subject to automatic renewals following the expiration of the initial term in the absence of either party providing days notice of termination. 
 
 As part of the transition of the crude oil supply agreement from Vitol to Gunvor, on December 31, 2023, the Company purchased the final inventory remaining under the crude oil supply agreement with Vitol and sold it to Gunvor on January 1, 2024. The inventory purchased from Vitol was included within Inventories on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 45Q Transaction 
 
 Under the agreements entered into in connection with the 45Q Transaction, the Company s indirect subsidiary CRNF is obligated to meet certain minimum quantities of carbon oxide supply each year during the term of the agreement and is subject to fees of up to million per year (reduced pro rata for partial years) to the unaffiliated third-party investors, subject to an overall million cap, if these minimum quantities are not delivered. CVR Partners issued a guarantee to the unaffiliated third-party investors and certain of their affiliates involved in the 45Q Transaction of the payment and performance obligations of CRNF and CVRP JV, which include the aforementioned fees. This guarantee has no impacts on the accounting records of CVR Partners unless the parties fail to comply with the terms of the 45Q Transaction contracts. 
 
 Renewable Fuel Standard 
 
 Coffeyville Resources Refining Marketing, LLC CRRM and Wynnewood Refining Company, LLC WRC , and together with CRRM, the obligated-party subsidiaries are subject to the RFS implemented by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), which requires obligated parties to either blend renewable fuels into their transportation fuels or purchase renewable fuel credits, known as RINs, in lieu of blending. The Petroleum Segment s obligated-party subsidiaries are not able to blend the majority of their transportation fuels with renewable fuels and, unless their RFS obligations are waived or exempted, must either purchase RINs or obtain waiver credits for cellulosic biofuels in order to comply with the RFS. Additionally, the Petroleum Segment s obligated-party subsidiaries purchase RINs generated from our renewable diesel operations, whose operating results are not included in either of our reportable segments, to partially satisfy their RFS obligations. 
 
 The Company s obligated-party subsidiaries recognized an expense of million and a benefit of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and an expense of million and a benefit of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for their compliance with the RFS (based on the 2020 through 2024 renewable volume obligation RVO ), for the respective periods, excluding the impacts of any exemptions or waivers to which the Company s obligated-party subsidiaries may be entitled). The recognized amounts are included within Cost of materials and other in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and represent costs to comply with the RFS obligation through purchasing of RINs not otherwise reduced by blending of ethanol, biodiesel, or renewable diesel. At each reporting period, to the extent RINs purchased and generated through blending are less than the RFS obligation (excluding the impact of exemptions or waivers to which the Company may be entitled), the remaining position is valued using RIN market prices at period end for each specific or closest vintage year. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s obligated-party subsidiaries RFS positions were approximately million and million, respectively, and are recorded in Other current liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 Call Option Coverage Case The lawsuits involving the Company and certain of its affiliates (the Call Defendants and the Company s primary and excess insurers (the Insurers relating to insurance coverage for settlement by the Call Defendants of the consolidated lawsuits filed by purported former unitholders of CVR Refining, LP CVR Refining on behalf of themselves and an alleged class of similarly situated unitholders relating to the Company s exercise of the call option under the CVR Refining Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership remain pending, with mediation scheduled for November 2024. While these cases remain pending, the Company does not expect their outcome have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 RFS Disputes WRC has filed petitions for small refinery exemptions SREs for the 2017 through 2024 compliance periods, which petitions are in various stages of review by the EPA and/or various courts. 
 
 Regarding WRC s petitions for the 2017 to 2021 compliance periods which, together with the SRE petitions from certain other small refineries, had been denied by the EPA in 2022 (the 2022 Denials ), the EPA has yet to act on those petitions after the EPA s denials were vacated by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit (the Fifth Circuit in November 2023 and remanded back to the EPA on the grounds that the EPA s denials were impermissibly retroactive and that the EPA s interpretation was contrary to law and arbitrary and capricious as applied to petitioners exemptions. In May 2024, the EPA and certain biofuels groups sought certiorari before the Supreme Court of the United States SCOTUS seeking review of whether venue for these challenges to the 2022 Denials lies exclusively in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colombia Circuit (the DC Circuit ), which certiorari was granted in October 2024. Oral argument is expected sometime in 2025. 
 
 In July 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colombia Circuit (the DC Circuit ruled in favor of certain small refineries also challenging the 2022 Denials, holding that the 2022 Denials as applicable to those small refineries was arbitrary and capricious, vacating such denials and remanding such petitions back to the EPA. The DC Circuit also dismissed a challenge brought by biofuel producers to the EPA s alternative compliance action, concluding that the petitioners had not established any harm from EPA s decision and therefore lacked standing to sue. WRC s SRE petition for the 2022 compliance period, which was denied by the EPA in July 2023 largely on the same grounds as the 2022 Denials, remains stayed until issuance of the mandate in the DC Circuit case. 
 
 WRC s lawsuit filed suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas seeking, among other relief, a declaration that the Administrator of the EPA violated the Clean Air Act by failing to timely rule on WRC s SRE petition for the 2023 compliance period within 90 days following receipt and compelling the Administrator to rule on WRC s 2023 SRE petition by an expeditious date certain, remains pending. Similarly, the EPA has not yet ruled on WRC s petition for the 2024 compliance period, which ruling is due before the end of 2024. 
 
 As these matters are in various stages, the Company cannot yet determine at this time the outcomes of these matters. While we intend to prosecute these actions vigorously, if these matters are ultimately concluded in a manner adverse to the Company, they could have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Guaranty Dispute During a mediation conducted in September 2024, Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM formally demanded, pursuant to a guaranty claimed by XOM to have been issued in its favor in 1993 by a subsidiary of CVR Energy, that such subsidiary defend and indemnify it against claims by numerous property owners in Louisiana alleging contamination from historic well operations. The Company disputes the validity of the alleged guaranty and has filed suit in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware for declaratory judgment relating thereto, which suit remains pending. As this matter remains in its early stages, the Company cannot yet determine whether its outcome will have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

reportable segments: Petroleum and Nitrogen Fertilizer. The Company evaluates the performance of its segments based primarily on segment operating income (loss) and Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization EBITDA ). For the purposes of the business segments disclosure, the Company presents operating income (loss) as it is the most comparable measure to the amounts presented on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The other amounts reflect renewable fuels transactions, intercompany eliminations, 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 19 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 Inter-segment fees and sales ) ) Total sales Operating (loss) income ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) Other income, net (Loss) income before income tax expense ) Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures (1) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Petroleum Segment 
 Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment 
 Other / Elimination Consolidated Petroleum Segment 
 Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment 
 Other / Elimination Consolidated Net sales Inter-segment fees and sales ) ) Total net sales Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) Other income, net (Loss) income before income tax expense ) Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures (1) 

The following table summarizes total assets by segment: 
 (in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Petroleum Nitrogen Fertilizer Other, including intersegment eliminations Total assets 
 
 (1) Capital expenditures are shown exclusive of capitalized turnaround expenditures. 

September 30, 2024 | 20 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 Cash paid for interest Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Noncash investing and financing activities: Change in capital expenditures included in accounts payable (1) 
 ) Change in turnaround expenditures included in accounts payable ) 
 
 (1) Capital expenditures are shown exclusive of capitalized turnaround expenditures. 
 
 Reserved funds (1) 
 Restricted cash (2) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, reserved funds and restricted cash 
 
 (1) Funds reserved for the redemption of the 2025 Notes in February 2024. See Note 8 Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations for further discussion. 
 (2) Restricted funds were released and paid in February 2024. 

Purchases from related parties: Enable Joint Venture Transportation Agreement Midway Joint Venture Agreement (2) 
 Payments: Dividends (3) 

(1) Sales to related parties, included in Net sales in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, consists of CO sales to a CVRP JV subsidiary. 
 (2) Purchases from related parties, included in Cost of materials and other in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, represents reimbursements for crude oil transportation services incurred on the Midway JV through the intermediary purchasing agent. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 21 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

Dividends to CVR Energy Stockholders 
 
 Dividends, if any, including the payment, amount and timing thereof, are determined at the discretion of the board of directors of the Company (the Board ). IEP, through its ownership of the Company s common stock, is entitled to receive dividends that are declared and paid by the Company based on the number of shares held at each record date. 
 2024 - 1st Quarter 
 May 20, 2024 2024 - 2nd Quarter 
 August 19, 2024 Total 2024 quarterly dividends 

Quarterly Dividends Paid in millions 
 Related Period Date Paid Quarterly Dividends Per Share Public Stockholders IEP Total 2022 - 4th Quarter 
 March 13, 2023 2023 - 1st Quarter 
 May 22, 2023 2023 - 2nd Quarter 
 August 21, 2023 2023 - 3rd Quarter 
 November 20, 2023 Total 2023 quarterly dividends 

Special Dividends Paid in millions 
 Related Period Date Paid Special Dividends Per Share Public Stockholders IEP Total 2023 - 2nd Quarter 
 August 21, 2023 2023 - 3rd Quarter 
 November 20, 2023 Total 2023 special dividends 

No dividends were declared for the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Distributions to CVR Partners Unitholders 
 
 Distributions, if any, including the payment, amount and timing thereof, and the board of directors of CVR Partners general partner s (the UAN GP Board distribution policy, including the definition of available cash, are subject to change at the discretion of the UAN GP Board. 
 2024 - 1st Quarter 
 May 20, 2024 2024 - 2nd Quarter 
 August 19, 2024 Total 2024 quarterly distributions 

September 30, 2024 | 22 

Table of Contents 
 CVR ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 2023 - 1st Quarter 
 May 22, 2023 2023 - 2nd Quarter 
 August 21, 2023 2023 - 3rd Quarter 
 November 20, 2023 Total 2023 quarterly distributions 

For the third quarter of 2024, CVR Partners, upon approval by the UAN GP Board on October 28, 2024, declared a distribution of per common unit, or million, which is payable November 18, 2024 to unitholders of record as of November 8, 2024. Of this amount, CVR Energy will receive approximately million, with the remaining amount payable to public unitholders. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 23 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 21, 2024 (the 2023 Form 10-K ), and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes and with the statistical information and financial data appearing in this Report. Results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of results to be attained for any other period. See Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. References to CVR Energy , the Company , we , us , and our , may refer to consolidated subsidiaries of CVR Energy, including CVR Refining, LP or CVR Partners, LP, as the context may require. 
 
 Reflected in this discussion and analysis is how management views the Company s current financial condition and results of operations, along with key external variables and management s actions that may impact the Company. Understanding significant external variables, such as market conditions, weather, and seasonal trends, among others, and management actions taken to manage the Company, address external variables, among others, will increase users understanding of the Company, its financial condition and results of operations. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this Report. 

Company Overview 
 
 CVR Energy is a diversified holding company primarily engaged in the petroleum refining and marketing industry (the Petroleum Segment and the nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing industry through its interest in CVR Partners, LP, a publicly traded limited partnership (the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment or CVR Partners ). The Petroleum Segment is an independent petroleum refiner , in that it does not have crude oil exploration or production operations and is a marketer of high value transportation fuels primarily in the form of gasoline and diesel fuels. CVR Partners produces and markets nitrogen fertilizers primarily in the form of urea ammonium nitrate UAN and ammonia. CVR Energy also produces and markets renewable diesel. Our renewable diesel operations are not allocated or aggregated to our reportable segments discussed below. 
 
 We operate under two reportable segments: Petroleum and Nitrogen Fertilizer, which are referred to in this document as our Petroleum Segment and our Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment , respectively. 
 
 In recent years, we have focused on several decarbonization initiatives, including completion of construction of the renewable diesel and renewable feedstock pre-treatment units at the Wynnewood Refinery, creation of our Environmental, Social and Governance ESG committee and the publication of ESG reports, and the restructuring of our organization to better align with management and financial reporting. We currently expect to continue to explore options to decarbonize our business in areas with attractive economics, without sole reliance on government subsidies, and in ways intended to support our Mission and Values. 

Strategy and Goals 
 
 The Company has adopted Mission and Values, which articulate the Company s expectations for how it and its employees do business each and every day. 
 
 Mission and Core Values 
 
 Our Mission is to be a top tier North American renewable fuels, petroleum refining, and nitrogen-based fertilizer company as measured by safe and reliable operations, superior performance and profitable growth. The foundation of how we operate is built on five core Values: 
 
 Safety - We always put safety first. The protection of our employees, contractors and communities is paramount. We have an unwavering commitment to safety above all else. If it s not safe, then we don t do it. 

September 30, 2024 | 24 

Table of Contents 

 Environment - We care for our environment. Complying with all regulations and minimizing any environmental impact from our operations is essential. We understand our obligation to the environment and that it s our duty to protect it. 
 
 Integrity - We require high business ethics. We comply with the law and practice sound corporate governance. We only conduct business one way the right way with integrity. 
 
 Corporate Citizenship - We are proud members of the communities where we operate. We are good neighbors and know that it s a privilege we can t take for granted. We seek to make a positive economic and social impact through our financial donations and the contributions of time, knowledge and talent of our employees to the places where we live and work. 
 
 Continuous Improvement - We believe in both individual and team success. We foster accountability under a performance-driven culture that supports creative thinking, teamwork, diversity and personal development so that employees can realize their maximum potential. We use defined work practices for consistency, efficiency and to create value across the organization. 
 
 Our core Values are driven by our people, inform the way we do business each and every day and enhance our ability to accomplish our mission and related strategic objectives. 
 
 Strategic Objectives 
 
 We have outlined the following strategic objectives to drive the accomplishment of our mission: 
 
 Environmental, Health Safety EH S - We aim to achieve continuous improvement in all EH S areas through ensuring our people s commitment to environmental, health and safety comes first, the refinement of existing policies, continuous training, and enhanced monitoring procedures. 
 
 Reliability - Our goal is to achieve industry-leading utilization rates at our facilities through safe and reliable operations. We are focusing on improvements in day-to-day plant operations, identifying alternative sources for plant inputs to reduce lost time due to third-party operational constraints, and optimizing our commercial and marketing functions to maintain plant operations at their highest level. 
 
 Market Capture - We continuously evaluate opportunities to improve the facilities realized pricing at the gate and reduce variable costs incurred in production to maximize our capture of market opportunities. 
 
 Financial Discipline - We strive to be as efficient as possible by maintaining low operating costs and disciplined deployment of capital. 
 
 Potential Strategic Transactions 
 
 As previously disclosed in a Schedule 13D amendment filed on March 18, 2024, Icahn Enterprises L.P. and its affiliates IEP and the Company are considering potential strategic transactions available to the Company and our subsidiaries, which may include the acquisition of additional entities, assets or businesses, including the acquisition of material amounts of refining assets through negotiated mergers or stock or asset purchase agreements by the Company or our subsidiaries. IEP may participate in such acquisitions, including by providing financing to us or our subsidiaries through the acquisition of additional equity of us or our subsidiaries, providing loans to us or our subsidiaries or otherwise. In addition, IEP and the Company are considering strategic options involving CVR Partners, which may include the acquisition by IEP, the Company, a combination of IEP and the Company or other affiliated entities of some or all of the outstanding common units of CVR Partners not already indirectly owned by the Company (the public common units ), the sale of CVR Partners or the Company s interest therein, or other transactions. Any such acquisition, sale or transaction could be effectuated through open market purchases, tender or exchange offers, exercise of the limited call right contained in CVR Partners limited partnership agreement, value enhancing partnerships, negotiated merger transactions, privately negotiated transactions, sale transactions or otherwise. At this time, there can be no assurance that IEP or the Company will pursue any such potential strategic transactions or that any transactions, if pursued, will be completed on attractive terms or at all. 

September 30, 2024 | 25 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024, public common unitholders held approximately 63 of CVR Partners outstanding common units and CVR Services, LLC CVR Services ), a wholly owned subsidiary of CVR Energy, held the remaining approximately 37 of CVR Partners outstanding common units. In addition, CVR Services held 100 of the interest in CVR Partners general partner, CVR GP, LLC, as of September 30, 2024. IEP owned approximately 66 of the Company s outstanding common stock as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 As previously disclosed, the Wynnewood Refinery experienced a fire incident in the second quarter of 2024 with damages limited to pipe racks and pumps in the naphtha processing units. No employees or contractors were injured in the incident, and it did not impact the operations at the Coffeyville Refinery. During the current quarter, the Company incurred additional expenses related to this incident of approximately 6 million, excluding insurance recoveries. All necessary repairs have been completed and the plant was fully operational in July 2024. 
 
 As described further below, volatile commodity pricing and higher industry utilization and oversupply have had an unfavorable impact on our business and have negatively impacted our cash from operating activities and liquidity. As a result, the board of directors of the Company (the Board elected to suspend payment of the cash dividend, defer new growth capital spending, and reduce certain expected capital expenditures, as further discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 

Industry Factors and Market Indicators 
 
 General Business Environment 
 
 Geopolitical Matters - The conflict in the Middle East, which began in October 2023 and has continued to escalate, and the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war can significantly impact global oil, fertilizer, and agriculture markets. These conflicts pose significant geopolitical risks to global markets, raise concerns of major implications, such as the enforcement of sanctions, could contribute to further oil price volatility, and disrupt the production and trade of fertilizer, grains, and feedstock through several means, such as trade restrictions. The ultimate outcome of these conflicts, or further escalation or expansion thereof, and any associated market disruptions are difficult to predict and may affect our business, operations, and cash flows in unforeseen ways. 
 
 Regulatory Environment - In addition to existing regulations like the Renewable Fuel Standard RFS of the Clean Air Act, which significantly impacts our business, there have been several proposed and enacted climate-related rules and compliance requirements, in various stages of approval, that, if finalized, could demand considerable compliance efforts and could impact our disclosure controls and procedures as well as require additional disclosures in our regulatory filings. In addition, the current political environment and the yet-unknown results of the upcoming presidential election in the United States create uncertainty regarding existing and future laws, regulations, policies, or rulings, including the reinterpretation or amplification thereof by regulators or others, which may materially impact our business, operations, compliance costs, results and market stability. 
 
 Petroleum Segment 
 
 The earnings and cash flows of the Petroleum Segment are primarily affected by the relationship between refined product prices and the prices for crude oil and other feedstocks that are processed and blended into refined products together with the cost of refinery compliance, including the cost of compliance with RFS regulations. The cost to acquire crude oil and other feedstocks and the price for which refined products are ultimately sold depends on factors beyond the Petroleum Segment s control, including the supply of and demand for crude oil, as well as gasoline, distillate, and other refined products which, in turn, depend on, among other factors, changes in domestic and foreign economies, driving habits, weather conditions, domestic and foreign political affairs, production levels, the availability or permissibly of imports and exports, the marketing of competitive fuels, and the extent of government regulations. Because the Petroleum Segment applies first-in, first-out FIFO accounting to value its inventory, crude oil price movements may impact net income as a result of changes in the value of its unhedged inventory. The effect of changes in crude oil prices on the Petroleum Segment s results of operations is partially influenced by the rate at which the processing of refined products adjusts to reflect these changes. 
 
 The prices of crude oil and other feedstocks and refined products are also affected by other factors, such as product pipeline capacity, system inventory, local and regional market conditions, inflation, and the operating levels of other refineries. Crude 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 26 

Table of Contents 

 oil costs and the prices of refined products have historically been subject to wide fluctuations. Widespread expansion or upgrades of third-party facilities, price volatility, international political and economic developments, and other factors are likely to continue to play an important role in refining industry economics. These factors can impact, among other things, the level of inventories in the market, resulting in price volatility and a reduction in product margins. Moreover, the refining industry typically experiences seasonal fluctuations in demand for refined products, such as increases in the demand for gasoline during the summer driving season and for volatile seasonal exports of diesel from the United States Gulf Coast. Specific factors impacting the Company s operations are outlined below. 
 
 Current Market Outlook 
 Refined product demand declined 4 nationwide in the third quarter of 2024 from the pre-pandemic third quarter of 2019. Group 3 demand has been relatively consistent compared to other parts of the country following the pandemic. We characterize current crack spreads just below mid-cycle levels. 
 Winter 2023/2024 weather was warmer than average in North America and Europe and, when combined with natural gas conservation measures, has caused demand and prices for natural gas to fall significantly, which contributed to the flattening of the global cost curve and has reduced the U.S. refiners advantage compared to refiners in Europe. If similar conditions are experienced during the 2024/2025 winter, these impacts could persist into 2025. 
 Industrial production has slowed since the second half of 2023, and truck, rail, and ship tonnage and freight volumes were reduced, which reduced distillate pricing in the fourth quarter of 2023 and continued into 2024. In addition, distillate crack spreads continue to be pressured by the low price levels of natural gas causing a lack of distillate demand to generate electricity around the world. Moreover, new LNG projects coming online and expansion of export capacity in the United States has contributed to the increase of global supply of natural gas and thus downward pressure on prices, and may also support fleet shifting from diesel to LNG. Gasoline and distillate pricing declined significantly through the end of the third quarter of 2024. 
 Shale oil production continues to increase in the shale oil basins, albeit at a slower pace than in prior years, including in the Anadarko Basin. Crude oil exports have sustained a 4 million bpd rate, and we believe the Petroleum Segment benefits from these exports through the Brent crude differential to WTI, as do all refineries in PADD II. 
 Refining capacity is increasing significantly around the world. Major projects have started up in the Middle East and Asia and others are in progress, specifically in Mexico and Africa. Refining capacity in the United States has also increased approximately 500,000 bpd from pandemic levels mainly due to expansion projects. While these ongoing projects may encounter various challenges and come to market slower than anticipated, they have begun to and should have a growing impact global oil and refined product flows. At the same time, these capacity expansions could be offset by additional renewable diesel conversions and further refinery fleet rationalization through planned shutdowns or currently unplanned shutdowns due to future economic constraints given refined product consumption is slowing in the United States and remains weak in Europe. 
 While renewable identification number RIN prices increased slightly at the end of the third quarter of 2024, they are still lower than the third quarter of 2023. Production of renewable fuels in the United States continues to increase as new plants start up, which we expect to continue through 2025. We also expect biomass-based diesel RIN D4 production to exceed the renewable volume obligation RVO significantly going forward, creating a RIN surplus. In June 2023, the Environmental Protection Agency EPA set the D4 RVO for 2023, 2024, and 2025 at 2.82, 3.04, and 3.35 billion, respectively. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, new electric vehicle sales in the United States increased approximately 11 from the third quarter of 2023. In 2022, miles per gallon of the new auto fleet continued to increase, averaging 26 miles per gallon MPG ). The EPA expects the new fleet average to have increased in 2023 by approximately 1 MPG. Vehicle miles traveled continues to increase but the effect of electric vehicle penetration in the fleet is clear and present. We expect this trend to continue. 
 Asian refiners appear to be benefiting from discounted crude oil offered by sanctioned countries like Russia and Iran, adding product to an oversupplied global market. 
 While the Chinese government has taken several steps to spur economic activity, the Chinese economy is still weighed by a weak property sector and lower domestic demand for transportation fuels, and any lasting effects remain to be seen. 

September 30, 2024 | 27 

Table of Contents 

 Regulatory Environment 
 We continue to be impacted by significant volatility and costs associated with current and proposed laws, rules, regulations and policies, including the reinterpretation and amplification thereof, relating to climate change, the RFS, energy transition and related matters. 
 Certain of the Petroleum Segment s subsidiaries are subject to the RFS (collectively, the obligated-party subsidiaries ), which, each year, absent exemptions or waivers, requires such obligated-party subsidiaries to blend renewable fuels with transportation fuels, purchase RINs in lieu of blending, or otherwise face liability. Our cost to comply with the RFS is dependent upon a variety of factors, which include but are not limited to the availability of ethanol and biodiesel for blending at our refineries and downstream terminals or RINs for purchase, the actions of RIN market participants including non-obligated parties, the price at which RINs can be purchased, transportation fuel and renewable diesel production levels and pricing including potential discounts thereto related to the RFS, the mix of our products, our refining margins and other factors, all of which can vary significantly from period to period, as well as certain waivers or exemptions to which we may be entitled. Our costs to comply with the RFS further depend on the consistent, timely, and legal administration of the RFS program by the EPA, including the EPA s unlawful failure to establish the RVOs by their statutory deadlines, its subsequent promulgation of RVOs exceeding the blendwall, its delay in issuing and refusal to issue decisions on pending small refinery exemption SRE petitions, its subsequent denial of those SRE petitions, most of which have been overturned by courts, and its enabling non-obligated parties to generate, hoard and sell RINs. Our costs to comply with the RFS are also impacted by, and dependent upon the outcome of, the numerous lawsuits filed by multiple refiners including our obligated-party subsidiaries, biofuels groups and others. Refer to Part I, Item 1, Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies in this Report. As a result, our costs to comply with RFS (excluding the impacts of any exemptions or waivers to which the Petroleum Segment s obligated-party subsidiaries may be entitled) increased significantly throughout 2022, remained significant in 2023 and is expected to remain significant through 2024 and beyond. 
 In March 2024, the EPA finalized new motor vehicle emissions standards for light-, medium-, and heavy-duty vehicles for model year 2027 and beyond. New heavy-truck requirements are also being proposed. As a result of these new standards, the EPA is expected to propose new automobile limits requiring at least 54 of new vehicles sold to be electric by 2030. In the United States in the third quarter of 2024, approximately 9 of new-vehicle sales were EVs. 
 Congress has several potential bills pending that would extend the Blenders Tax Credit BTC with other tax extenders, but their future is unknown at this point. While extensions of this tax incentive have been granted close to, and even after, expiration dates in the past, we believe provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act that create the Production Tax Credit incentive may signal the end of the BTC. In any case, the credits will be significantly reduced if the BTC is not renewed, which is likely to affect RIN prices. 
 
 Company Initiatives 
 Our Wynnewood Refinery has a renewable diesel unit and a pretreatment unit. The renewable diesel unit at the Wynnewood Refinery has the flexibility to be returned to hydrocarbon processing service primarily through a catalyst change depending on market conditions including but not limited to renewable diesel margins, contractual obligations and other factors. The pretreatment unit is designed to lower our feedstock costs and enable us to process a wider variety of renewable diesel feedstocks at the Wynnewood Refinery, most of which have a lower carbon intensity than soybean oil and generate additional Low Carbon Fuel Standard credits. Wynnewood Refining Company, LLC WRC continues to seek, and pursue in court, SREs. The Wynnewood Refinery has also been assessing a project to produce sustainable aviation fuels at this plant assuming we can find a third-party for a guaranteed off take at a formula price. 
 The Company is evaluating a potential renewables project near its Coffeyville location, the approval of which would be subject to numerous conditions and requirements including, but not limited to, approval of our Board, regulators, and potential other third parties, including our ability to enter into an agreement with third parties to fund such project. This project, if approved and pursued, could enable the capture of synergies with the Petroleum Segment as our Coffeyville Refinery has excess hydrogen capacity as well as potential access to third-party carbon capture use and storage. 
 As part of an agreement the Company entered into with an unaffiliated party, a fuel-by-rail facility was built during the first quarter of 2024, which is now in operation, at a property adjacent to the Coffeyville Refinery intended to allow the Company to sell product to customers that ship refined products to higher priced markets primarily in PADD IV and V. This unaffiliated party has agreed to operate the facility under a take-or-pay agreement for an initial term of two years. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 28 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has undertaken a project to replace the hydrofluoric acid catalyst in the alkylation unit at its Wynnewood Refinery with a fixed bed catalyst system, which should expand the alkylation unit by approximately 2,500 bpd, increase product capture by reducing propylene production and increase production of premium gasoline, and eliminate hydrofluoric acid inventory onsite. The capital investment is estimated at 136 million. 
 In April 2024, the Board approved a distillate yield improvement project at the Wynnewood Refinery to modify one of the vacuum towers, which may increase distillate production at Wynnewood by up to approximately 4,000 bpd. Final completion is currently expected in 2026 at a capital cost of less than 15 million. The Company is also studying a similar project at Coffeyville. In connection with our settlement with the EPA on certain environmental issues at the Coffeyville Refinery, the Company plans to install a flare gas recovery system at a cost of approximately 50 million, which is expected to be operational in late 2026. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have an estimated liability of 374 million for the Petroleum Segment s obligated-party subsidiaries compliance with the RFS for 2020 through 2024, which consists of approximately 467 million RINs, excluding open, fixed-price commitments to purchase a net 27 million RINs. The Company s open RFS position, which does not consider open commitments expected to settle in future periods or the impact of any waivers or exemptions, is marked-to-market each period at spot price and thus significant market volatility, as experienced in late 2022, 2023, and 2024 to date, could impact our RFS expense from period to period. 
 
 Market Indicators 
 
 NYMEX WTI crude oil is an industry wide benchmark that is utilized in the market pricing of a barrel of crude oil. The pricing differences between other crude oils and WTI, known as differentials, show how the market for other crude oils such as WCS, White Cliffs Condensate ), Brent Crude Brent ), and Midland WTI Midland are trending. Due to the Russia-Ukraine war, the conflict in the Middle East, and, in each case, actions taken by governments and others in response thereto, refined product prices have experienced extreme volatility. As a result of the current environment, refining margins have been and should continue to be volatile. 
 
 As a performance benchmark and a comparison with other industry participants, we utilize NYMEX and Group 3 crack spreads. These crack spreads are a measure of the difference between market prices for crude oil and refined products and are a commonly used proxy within the industry to estimate or identify trends in refining margins. Crack spreads can fluctuate significantly over time as a result of market conditions and supply and demand balances. The NYMEX 2-1-1 crack spread is calculated using two barrels of WTI producing one barrel of NYMEX RBOB Gasoline RBOB and one barrel of NYMEX NY Harbor ULSD HO ). The Group 3 2-1-1 crack spread is calculated using two barrels of WTI crude oil producing one barrel of Group 3 sub-octane gasoline and one barrel of Group 3 ultra-low sulfur diesel. 
 
 Both NYMEX 2-1-1 and Group 3 2-1-1 crack spreads decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The NYMEX 2-1-1 crack spread averaged 25.54 per barrel during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 36.48 per barrel in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Group 3 2-1-1 crack spread averaged 19.25 per barrel during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 35.10 per barrel during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Average monthly prices for RINs decreased 47.5 during the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. On a blended barrel basis (calculated using applicable RVO percentages), RINs approximated 3.89 per barrel during the third quarter of 2024 compared to 7.42 per barrel during the third quarter of 2023. 

September 30, 2024 | 29 

Table of Contents 

 The charts below are presented, on a per barrel basis, by month through September 30, 2024: 
 Crude Oil Differentials against WTI (1)(2) 

NYMEX Crack Spreads (2) 

September 30, 2024 | 30 

Table of Contents 

 PADD II Group 3 Product Crack Spread 
 and RIN Pricing (2)(3) /bbl) 

Group 3 Product Differential against NYMEX 
 Products (1)(2) /bbl) 

(1) The change over time in NYMEX - WTI, as reflected in the charts above, is illustrated below: 
 (in /bbl) Average 2022 Average December 2022 Average 2023 Average December 2023 Average 2024 Average September 2024 WTI 94.41 76.52 77.57 72.12 77.62 69.37 
 (2) Information used within these charts was obtained from reputable market sources, including the New York Mercantile Exchange NYMEX ), Intercontinental Exchange, and Argus Media, among others. 
 (3) PADD II is the Midwest Petroleum Area for Defense District PADD ), which includes Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Tennessee and Wisconsin. 
 
 Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment 
 
 Within the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment, earnings and cash flows from operations are primarily affected by the relationship between nitrogen fertilizer product prices, utilization, and operating costs and expenses, including pet coke and natural gas feedstock costs. 

September 30, 2024 | 31 

Table of Contents 

 The price at which nitrogen fertilizer products are ultimately sold depends on numerous factors, including the global supply and demand for nitrogen fertilizer products, which, in turn, depends on world grain demand and production levels, changes in world population, the cost and availability of fertilizer transportation infrastructure, weather conditions, the availability of imports, the availability and price of feedstocks to produce nitrogen fertilizer, and the extent of government intervention in agriculture markets, among other factors. These factors can impact, among other things, the level of inventories in the markets, resulting in price and product margin volatility. Moreover, the industry typically experiences seasonal fluctuations in demand for nitrogen fertilizer products. 
 
 Certain governmental regulations and incentives associated with the automobile transportation and agricultural industries, including the ones related to corn-based ethanol and sustainable aviation fuel production or consumption, can impact, and have directly impacted, our business. In June 2023, the EPA announced the renewable volume obligations for 2023, 2024, and 2025 which maintained the conventional biofuel blending level at 15 billion gallons. These actions lead us to believe that the demand on food, in particular corn, for fuel will remain strong for the foreseeable future and support farmer economics that incentivize the use of nitrogen-based fertilizers. 
 
 In contrast, in March 2024, the EPA finalized motor vehicle emission standards for light-, medium-, and heavy-duty vehicles for model year 2027 and beyond, which could significantly reduce the use of internal combustion engine vehicles and the demand for liquid fuels, including ethanol. New heavy-truck requirements are also being proposed. In 2023, production of ethanol consumed approximately 38 of the annual United States corn crop used by the market. 
 
 Market Indicators 
 
 While there is risk of shorter-term volatility given the inherent nature of the commodity cycle and governmental and geopolitical risks, the Company believes the long-term fundamentals for the U.S. nitrogen fertilizer industry remain intact. The Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment views the anticipated combination of (i) increasing global population, (ii) decreasing arable land per capita, (iii) continued evolution to more protein-based diets in developing countries, (iv) sustained use of corn and soybeans as feedstock for the domestic production of ethanol and other renewable fuels, and (v) positioning at the lower end of the global cost curve should provide a solid foundation for nitrogen fertilizer producers in the United States over the longer term. 
 
 Corn and soybeans are two major crops planted by farmers in North America. Corn crops result in the depletion of the amount of nitrogen within the soil in which it is grown, which in turn, results in the need for this nutrient to be replenished after each growing cycle. Unlike corn, soybeans are able to obtain most of their own nitrogen through a process known as N fixation . As such, upon harvesting of soybeans, the soil retains a certain amount of nitrogen which results in lower demand for nitrogen fertilizer for the following corn planting cycle. Due to these factors, nitrogen fertilizer consumers generally operate a balanced corn-soybean rotational planting cycle as shown by the chart presented below. 
 
 The relationship between the total acres planted for both corn and soybeans has a direct impact on the overall demand for nitrogen products, as the market and demand for nitrogen increases with increased corn acres and decreases with increased soybean acres. Additionally, an estimated 14 billion pounds of soybean oil is expected to be used in producing cleaner renewable fuels in marketing year 2024/2025. Multiple refiners have announced renewable diesel expansion projects for 2024 and beyond, which should only increase the demand for soybeans and potentially for corn and canola. 
 
 The United States Department of Agriculture USDA estimates that in spring 2024 farmers planted 91 million corn acres, representing a decrease of 4 compared to 95 million corn acres in 2023. Planted soybean acres are estimated to be 87 million, representing an increase of 4 compared to 84 million soybean acres in 2023. The combined estimated corn and soybean planted acres of 178 million represents a nominal decrease compared to the acreage planted in 2023. Due to lower input costs in 2024 for corn planting and the relative grain prices of corn versus soybeans, economics have favored planting corn compared to soybeans in 2024. Inventory levels of corn and soybeans are expected to be supportive of grain prices for the remainder of 2024. 
 
 Ethanol is blended with gasoline to meet RFS requirements and for its octane value. Since 2010, ethanol production has historically consumed 38 of the U.S. corn crop used by the market, so demand for corn generally rises and falls with ethanol demand, as shown by the chart below. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 32 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Plant Production of Fuel Ethanol (1) 
 Corn and Soybean Planted Acres (2) 

(1) Information used within this chart was obtained from the U.S. Energy Information Administration EIA through September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Information used within this chart was obtained from the USDA, National Agricultural Statistics Services as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Weather continues to be a critical variable for crop production. Even with high planted acres and above trendline yields per acre for corn in the United States, global inventory levels for corn and soybeans remain near historical 10-year averages and prices have remained elevated. Demand for nitrogen fertilizer, as well as other crop inputs, was strong for the spring 2024 planting season, primarily due to elevated grain prices and favorable weather conditions for planting. 
 
 Fertilizer input costs have been volatile since the fall of 2021. Natural gas prices were elevated in the fall of 2022 due to shortages in Europe and demand being driven by building natural gas storage for winter. Winter 2022/2023 weather was warmer than average in Europe and, when combined with natural gas conservation measures, caused demand and prices for natural gas in Europe to fall significantly in the first quarter of 2023 and remain below the 2021/2022 price levels. The decline in natural gas prices, and the resulting capacity curtailments, among other factors, has led to a significant reduction in the price for nitrogen fertilizer from peak prices. While we expect that natural gas prices might remain below the elevated levels experienced in 2022 in the near term, we believe that the structural shortage of natural gas in Europe will continue to be a source of volatility for the rest of 2024 through 2026. Although pet coke prices had been elevated since 2021 due to higher natural gas prices compared to historical levels, as natural gas prices fell in 2023, third-party pet coke prices have declined into 2024 and are expected to decline further in 2025. 
 
 CVR Partners Initiatives 
 
 CVR Partners has been conducting engineering studies on the potential to utilize natural gas as an optional feedstock to pet coke at its facility in Coffeyville, Kansas (the Coffeyville Fertilizer Facility ). Based on these studies, CVR Partners believes the Coffeyville Fertilizer Facility could utilize either natural gas or pet coke to produce nitrogen fertilizer by making certain modifications to the plant. If this project is approved by the board of directors of CVR Partners general partner (the UAN GP Board and successfully implemented, it could allow CVR Partners to choose the optimal feedstock mix for production and would make the Coffeyville Fertilizer Facility the only nitrogen fertilizer plant in the United States with that feedstock flexibility. 

September 30, 2024 | 33 

Table of Contents 

 The charts below show relevant market indicators for the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment by month through September 30, 2024: 
 Ammonia and UAN Market Pricing (1) 

Natural Gas Market Pricing (1) 
 Pet Coke Market Pricing (1) 

(1) Information used within these charts was obtained from various third-party sources, including Green Markets (a Bloomberg Company), Pace Petroleum Coke Quarterly, and the EIA, amongst others. 

Results of Operations 

Consolidated 
 
 Our consolidated results of operations include renewable fuels, certain other unallocated corporate activities, and the elimination of intercompany transactions and, therefore, do not equal the sum of the operating results of the Petroleum Segment and Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment. 

September 30, 2024 | 34 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Financial Highlights (Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus September 30, 2023) 
 Operating (Loss) Income 
 Net (Loss) Income Attributable to CVR 
 Energy Stockholders 

(Loss) Earnings per Share 
 EBITDA (1) 

(1) See Non-GAAP Reconciliations section below for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures shown above. 
 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus September 30, 2023 (Consolidated) 
 
 Overview - For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s operating loss and net loss were 113 million and 122 million, respectively, compared to operating income and net income of 445 million and 354 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s operating income and net income were 37 million and 5 million, respectively, compared to operating income and net income of 1.0 billion and 781 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to our discussion of each segment s results of operations below for further information. 
 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense - Income tax benefit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6 million and 14 million, or 4.6 and 155.0 of loss before income tax, respectively, compared to income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 84 million and 185 million, or 19.3 and 19.2 of income before income tax, respectively. The decrease in income tax expense was primarily due to a decrease in overall pretax earnings from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. In addition, the change in the effective tax rate was primarily due to changes in pretax earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest and the impact of 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 35 

Table of Contents 

 federal and state tax credits and incentives in relation to overall pretax earnings from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Petroleum Segment 
 
 The Petroleum Segment utilizes certain inputs within its refining operations. These inputs include crude oil, butanes, natural gasoline, ethanol, and bio-diesel (these are also known as throughputs ). 
 
 Refining Throughput and Production Data by Refinery 
 Throughput Data Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in bpd) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Coffeyville Gathered crude 66,781 68,176 71,993 62,442 Other domestic 35,111 49,303 36,549 47,491 Canadian 6,243 2,731 8,423 2,307 Condensate 7,401 4,244 7,718 Other crude oil 3,876 1,484 Other feedstocks and blendstocks 11,691 12,260 11,678 12,538 Wynnewood Gathered crude 51,821 53,554 43,055 51,519 Other domestic 1,504 543 1,309 1,822 Condensate 9,663 15,780 8,634 14,567 Other feedstocks and blendstocks 2,604 2,672 3,058 2,984 Total throughput 189,294 212,420 190,427 203,388 
 
 Production Data Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in bpd) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Coffeyville Gasoline 62,031 69,833 68,732 67,463 Distillate 52,030 60,661 55,237 56,311 Other liquid products 5,169 4,463 5,578 4,461 Solids 4,734 4,416 4,901 3,896 Wynnewood Gasoline 34,539 36,997 30,746 37,656 Distillate 23,902 25,615 19,722 24,825 Other liquid products 5,874 9,038 4,600 7,355 Solids 11 9 8 10 Total production 188,290 211,032 189,524 201,977 Light product yield (as of crude throughput) (1) 
 98.6 97.8 99.3 99.1 Liquid volume yield (as of total throughput) (2) 
 97.0 97.3 96.9 97.4 Distillate yield (as of crude throughput) (3) 
 43.4 43.7 42.7 43.2 
 
 (1) Total Gasoline and Distillate divided by total Gathered crude, Other domestic, Canadian, and Condensate throughput (collectively, Total Crude Throughput ). 
 (2) Total Gasoline, Distillate, and Other liquid products divided by total throughput. 
 (3) Total Distillate divided by Total Crude Throughput. 

September 30, 2024 | 36 

Table of Contents 

 Petroleum Segment Financial Highlights (Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus September 30, 2023) 
 
 Overview - For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Petroleum Segment s operating loss and net loss were 119 million and 110 million, respectively, compared to operating income and net income of 431 million and 460 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. These declines were primarily due to decreases in gasoline and distillate crack spreads, coupled with unfavorable impacts from unplanned outages at both refineries and increased RFS related expenses. The unplanned outages during the 2024 period were partially related to external power supply interruptions, which resulted in estimated lost profit opportunities of approximately 13 million. These variances were partially offset by a favorable derivatives impact in the current period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Petroleum Segment s operating income and net income were 9 million and 35 million, respectively, compared to operating income and net income of 838 million and 913 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Similarly, these declines were primarily due to decreases in gasoline and distillate crack spreads, decreased production and increased maintenance costs resulting from the fire at the Wynnewood Refinery during severe weather (the Wynnewood Fire and the unplanned outages at both refineries, coupled with increased RFS related expenses, partially offset by a favorable derivatives impact in the current period. 
 Net Sales Operating (Loss) Income 

Net (Loss) Income 
 EBITDA (1) 

(1) See Non-GAAP Reconciliations section below for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures shown above. 

September 30, 2024 | 37 

Table of Contents 

 Net Sales - For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, net sales for the Petroleum Segment was 1.6 billion and 5.2 billion, respectively, compared to 2.3 billion and 6.3 billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in net sales for both periods was driven by lower refined product prices resulting from elevated inventory levels and reduced demand, along with a decline in sales volumes as a result of the Wynnewood Fire and an unplanned outage at the Coffeyville Refinery. 
 Q3 Refining Margin (1) 
 YTD Refining Margin (1) 

(1) See Non-GAAP Reconciliations section below for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures shown above. 
 
 Refining Margin - For the three months ended September 30, 2024, refining margin was 44 million, or 2.53 per throughput barrel, compared to 607 million, or 31.05 per throughput barrel, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The primary factors contributing to the 563 million decrease in refining margin were: 
 A decrease in the Group 3 2-1-1 crack spread of 19.70 per barrel, driven by a tightening of gasoline and distillate crack spreads primarily due to increased inventory levels and lower demand in the current year; 
 Unfavorable sales volume impacts related to the unplanned outages at both refineries; 
 An increase in RFS related expense of 187 million, which includes unfavorable RINs revaluation adjustments of 232 million; 
 Unfavorable inventory valuation impacts of 31 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to favorable inventory valuation impacts of 82 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to falling crude oil and refined product prices in the current period compared to rising crude oil prices in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Factors partially offsetting the decrease in refining margin were: 
 Favorable derivative impacts of 97 million resulting primarily from open crack spread swap positions in the prior year period. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, refining margin was 520 million, or 9.96 per throughput barrel, compared to 1.4 billion, or 24.33 per throughput barrel, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The primary factors contributing to the 831 million decrease in refining margin were: 
 A decrease in the Group 3 2-1-1 crack spread of 15.85 per barrel, driven by a tightening of gasoline and distillate crack spreads primarily due to increased inventory levels and lower demand in the current year; 
 Unfavorable sales volume impacts resulting from the Wynnewood Fire and unplanned outages at both refineries; 
 An increase in RFS related expense of 52 million, which includes unfavorable RINs revaluation adjustments of 196 million; 
 Favorable inventory valuation impacts of 8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to favorable inventory valuation impacts of 48 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a larger increase in crude oil and refined product prices for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 38 

Table of Contents 

 Factors partially offsetting the decrease in refining margin were: 
 Favorable derivative impacts of 61 million resulting primarily from losses on open crack spread swap positions in the prior year period. 
 
 Q3 Direct Operating Expenses (1) 
 YTD Direct Operating Expenses (1) 

(1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense. 
 
 Direct Operating Expenses (Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization) - For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was 100 million and 320 million, respectively, compared to 105 million and 310 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to decreased repairs and maintenance. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to increased repairs and maintenance from the Wynnewood Fire. On a total throughput barrel basis, direct operating expenses increased to 5.72 and 6.14 per barrel for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, from 5.39 and 5.58 per barrel for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These increases were primarily due to decreased throughput for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and increased maintenance and decreased throughput for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 39 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and Amortization Expense Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense - For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization expense was 40 million and 133 million, respectively, compared to 50 million and 141 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decreases in both periods were primarily attributable to certain assets being retired or fully depreciated during the 2024 turnaround, partially offset by fixed asset additions during the 2024 turnaround. 
 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses - For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, selling, general and administrative expenses was 23 million and 57 million, respectively, compared to 21 million and 62 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to the donation of certain assets to the Coffeyville community. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to decreased share-based compensation as a result of a decrease in the market price of CVR Energy s common shares, as well as decreased consulting services and legal services expense during the current period. 

Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment 
 
 Utilization and Production Volumes - The following tables summarize the consolidated ammonia utilization from the Coffeyville Fertilizer Facility and the East Dubuque Fertilizer Facility. Utilization is an important measure used by management to assess operational output at each of the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment s facilities. Utilization is calculated as actual tons of ammonia produced divided by capacity. 
 
 Utilization is presented solely on ammonia production, rather than on each nitrogen product, as it provides a comparative baseline against industry peers and eliminates the disparity of facility configurations for upgrade of ammonia into other nitrogen products. With production primarily focused on ammonia upgrade capabilities, we believe this measure provides a meaningful view of how we operate. 
 
 Gross tons of ammonia represent the total ammonia produced, including ammonia produced that was upgraded into other fertilizer products. Net tons available for sale represents the ammonia available for sale that was not upgraded into other 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 40 

Table of Contents 

 fertilizer products. The table below presents all of these Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment metrics for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Consolidated Ammonia Utilization 97 99 96 101 Production Volumes (in thousands of tons) 
 Ammonia (gross produced) 
 212 217 626 660 Ammonia (net available for sale) 
 61 68 191 200 UAN 321 358 964 1,063 
 
 On a consolidated basis for the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment s utilization decreased to 97 compared to 99 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to minor unplanned outages at both facilities in the current period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, utilization decreased to 96 compared to 101 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the 14-day planned outage at the Coffeyville Fertilizer Facility during the first quarter of 2024 and other minor unplanned outages at both facilities in the current period. 
 
 Sales and Pricing per Ton - Two of the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment s key operating metrics are total sales volumes for ammonia and UAN, along with the product pricing per ton realized at the gate. Product pricing at the gate represents net sales less freight revenue divided by product sales volume in tons and is shown in order to provide a pricing measure comparable across the fertilizer industry. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Consolidated sales volumes (thousands of tons) Ammonia 62 62 175 183 UAN 336 387 950 1,075 Consolidated product pricing at gate (dollars per ton) Ammonia 399 365 481 633 UAN 229 223 254 330 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total product sales volumes were unfavorable compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to reduced production volumes resulting from the 14-day planned outage at the Coffeyville Fertilizer Facility during the first quarter of 2024 and minor unplanned outages at both facilities in the current period. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, ammonia and UAN sales prices were favorable compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower producer and customer inventories ahead of the fall season. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, ammonia and UAN sales prices were unfavorable compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower natural gas prices reducing input costs and driving an overall decrease in market prices during the current period. 
 
 Feedstock - Our Coffeyville Fertilizer Facility utilizes a pet coke gasification process to produce nitrogen fertilizer. Our East Dubuque Fertilizer Facility uses natural gas in its production of ammonia. The table below presents these feedstocks for 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 41 

Table of Contents 

 both fertilizer facilities within the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Petroleum coke used in production (thousands of tons) 
 133 131 395 386 Petroleum coke used in production (dollars per ton) 
 44.69 84.09 60.93 78.49 Natural gas used in production (thousands of MMBtus) (1) 
 2,082 2,133 6,443 6,429 Natural gas used in production (dollars per MMBtu) (1) 
 2.19 2.67 2.40 3.57 Natural gas in cost of materials and other (thousands of MMBtus) (1) 
 1,783 2,636 5,403 6,354 Natural gas in cost of materials and other (dollars per MMBtu) (1) 
 2.18 2.51 2.50 4.21 
 
 (1) The feedstock natural gas shown above does not include natural gas used for fuel. The cost of fuel natural gas is included in Direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization). 

Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment Financial Highlights (Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus September 30, 2023) 
 
 Overview - For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment s operating income and net income were 11 million and 4 million, respectively, compared to operating income and net income of 8 million and 1 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. These increases were driven primarily by a decrease in utility costs due to lower natural gas and electricity prices, combined with favorable personnel costs related to share-based compensation due to a falling unit price in the current period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment s operating income and net income were 65 million and 43 million, respectively, compared to operating income and net income of 184 million and 162 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These decreases were driven primarily by lower product sales prices attributable to natural gas prices reducing input costs and driving an overall decrease in market prices, partially offset by favorable utility costs due to lower natural gas and electricity prices. 
 Net Sales Operating Income 

September 30, 2024 | 42 

Table of Contents 

 Net Income 
 EBITDA (1) 

(1) See Non-GAAP Reconciliations section below for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures shown above. 
 
 Net Sales - For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment s net sales was 125 million compared to 131 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to unfavorable UAN sales volumes contributing 11 million in lower revenue, partially offset by favorable UAN and ammonia sales prices. 
 
 The following table demonstrates the impact of changes in sales volumes and pricing for the primary components of net sales, excluding urea products, freight, and other revenue, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 (in millions) Price Variance Volume Variance UAN 2 (11) Ammonia 2 
 
 The increases in ammonia and UAN sales pricing, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily attributable to lower producer and customer inventory levels ahead of the fall season. The decrease in UAN sales volume for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to minor unplanned outages in the current period, limiting product available for sale. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment s net sales was 386 million compared to 540 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to unfavorable UAN and ammonia pricing conditions and sales volumes which contributed 99 million and 46 million, respectively, in lower revenues. 
 
 The following table demonstrates the impact of changes in sales volumes and pricing for the primary components of net sales, excluding urea products, freight, and other revenue, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 (in millions) Price Variance Volume Variance UAN (72) (41) Ammonia (27) (5) 
 
 The decreases in ammonia and UAN sales pricing, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily attributable to lower natural gas prices reducing input costs and driving an overall decrease in market prices, paired with increased global supply of nitrogen fertilizers driven by the restart of previously shut-in production capacity. The decreases in ammonia and UAN sales volumes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily attributable to lower ammonia and 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 43 

Table of Contents 

 UAN production volumes as a result of the 14-day planned outage at the Coffeyville Facility during the first quarter of 2024 combined with minor unplanned outage at both facilities in the current period. 
 
 Cost of Materials and Other - For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, cost of materials and other was 26 million and 78 million, respectively, compared to 31 million and 101 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These decreases were driven primarily by lower natural gas and refinery pet coke prices in the current periods. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 Our management uses certain non-GAAP performance measures, and reconciliations to those measures, to evaluate current and past performance and prospects for the future to supplement our financial information presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). These non-GAAP financial measures are important factors in assessing our operating results and profitability and include the performance and liquidity measures defined below. 
 
 The following are non-GAAP measures we present for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 EBITDA - Consolidated net income (loss) before (i) interest expense, net, (ii) income tax expense (benefit) and (iii) depreciation and amortization expense. 
 
 Petroleum EBITDA and Nitrogen Fertilizer EBITDA - Segment net income (loss) before segment (i) interest expense, net, (ii) income tax expense (benefit), and (iii) depreciation and amortization. 
 
 Refining Margin - The difference between our Petroleum Segment net sales and cost of materials and other. 
 
 Refining Margin, per Throughput Barrel - Refining Margin divided by the total throughput barrels during the period, which is calculated as total throughput barrels per day times the number of days in the period. 
 
 Direct Operating Expenses per Throughput Barrel - Direct operating expenses for our Petroleum Segment divided by total throughput barrels for the period, which is calculated as total throughput barrels per day times the number of days in the period. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Petroleum Adjusted EBITDA and Nitrogen Fertilizer Adjusted EBITDA - EBITDA, Petroleum EBITDA and Nitrogen Fertilizer EBITDA adjusted for certain significant noncash items and items that management believes are not attributable to or indicative of our underlying operational results of the period or that may obscure results and trends we deem useful. 
 
 We present these measures because we believe they may help investors, analysts, lenders and ratings agencies analyze our results of operations and liquidity in conjunction with our U.S. GAAP results, including but not limited to our operating performance as compared to other publicly traded companies in the refining and fertilizer industries, without regard to historical cost basis or financing methods and our ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures. Non-GAAP measures have important limitations as analytical tools because they exclude some, but not all, items that affect net earnings and operating income. These measures should not be considered substitutes for their most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. See Non-GAAP Reconciliations included herein for reconciliation of these amounts. Due to rounding, numbers presented within this section may not add or equal to numbers or totals presented elsewhere within this document. 

Factors Affecting Comparability of Our Financial Results 
 
 Petroleum Segment 
 
 Our results of operations for the periods presented may not be comparable with prior periods or to our results of operations in the future due to capitalized expenditures as part of planned turnarounds. Total capitalized expenditures were 3 million and 2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 45 million and 53 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The next planned turnaround is currently scheduled to commence in the first quarter of 2025 at the Coffeyville Refinery. 

September 30, 2024 | 44 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income (122) 354 5 781 Interest expense, net 18 11 56 44 Income tax (benefit) expense (6) 84 (14) 185 Depreciation and amortization 75 81 224 221 EBITDA (35) 530 271 1,231 Adjustments: Revaluation of RFS liability, unfavorable (favorable) 
 59 (174) (32) (228) Unrealized loss on derivatives, net 
 9 48 16 35 Inventory valuation impacts, unfavorable (favorable) 
 30 (91) (6) (44) Adjusted EBITDA 63 313 249 994 
 
 Reconciliation of Petroleum Segment Net (Loss) Income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Petroleum net (loss) income (110) 460 35 913 Interest income, net (5) (26) (16) (65) Depreciation and amortization 40 50 133 141 Petroleum EBITDA (75) 484 152 989 Adjustments: Revaluation of RFS liability, unfavorable (favorable) 
 59 (174) (32) (228) Unrealized loss on derivatives, net 
 9 53 16 37 Inventory valuation impacts, unfavorable (favorable) (1) 
 31 (82) (8) (48) Petroleum Adjusted EBITDA 24 281 128 750 

September 30, 2024 | 45 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Petroleum Segment Gross (Loss) Profit to Refining Margin 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 1,648 2,298 5,165 6,290 Less: Cost of materials and other (1,604) (1,691) (4,645) (4,939) Direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) (100) (105) (320) (310) Depreciation and amortization (40) (50) (133) (141) Gross (loss) profit (96) 452 67 900 Add: Direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 100 105 320 310 Depreciation and amortization 40 50 133 141 Refining margin 44 607 520 1,351 
 
 (1) The Petroleum Segment s basis for determining inventory value under GAAP is First-In, First-Out FIFO ). Changes in crude oil prices can cause fluctuations in the inventory valuation of crude oil, work in process and finished goods, thereby resulting in a favorable inventory valuation impact when crude oil prices increase and an unfavorable inventory valuation impact when crude oil prices decrease. The inventory valuation impact is calculated based upon inventory values at the beginning of the accounting period and at the end of the accounting period. In order to derive the inventory valuation impact per total throughput barrel, we utilize the total dollar figures for the inventory valuation impact and divide by the number of total throughput barrels for the period. 
 
 Reconciliation of Petroleum Segment Total Throughput Barrels and Metrics per Total Throughput Barrel 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total throughput barrels per day 189,294 212,420 190,427 203,388 Days in the period 92 92 274 273 Total throughput barrels 17,415,033 19,542,631 52,176,994 55,524,925 (in millions, except per total throughput barrel) Refining margin 44 607 520 1,351 Refining margin per total throughput barrel 2.53 31.05 9.96 24.33 Direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 100 105 320 310 Direct operating expenses per total throughput barrel 5.72 5.39 6.14 5.58 
 
 Reconciliation of Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment Net Income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Nitrogen Fertilizer net income 4 1 43 162 Interest expense, net 7 8 22 22 Depreciation and amortization 25 23 64 59 Nitrogen Fertilizer EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 36 32 129 243 

September 30, 2024 | 46 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal source of liquidity has historically been cash from operations. Our principal uses of cash are for working capital, capital expenditures, funding our debt service obligations, and paying dividends to our stockholders, as further discussed below. We may also seek to secure additional liquidity to help mitigate the potential impact of adverse government actions such as the EPA denial of SREs. 
 
 Volatile commodity pricing and higher industry utilization and oversupply have had an unfavorable impact on our business and have negatively impacted cash from operations, our primary source of liquidity. Cash from operations has also been negatively impacted by operational issues at our facilities, including the fire incident at the Wynnewood Refinery in the second quarter of 2024, together with related downtime and expenses. In addition, uncertainty remains due to the potential for further demand destruction, increased supply of refined products from the startup of new refineries around the world, the impacts of increasing electric vehicles and liquid natural gas and other improvements in miles per gallon, along with potential implications of geopolitical matters. The planned turnaround at the Coffeyville Refinery in early 2025, an event that is planned to occur once every five years and supports our continued focus on safe and reliable operations, will require an estimated 175 million to 200 million cash outlay and is currently expected to be completed by May 31, 2025, further reducing our liquidity. As a result of these factors, the Board elected to suspend payment of the cash dividend and have implemented and are maintaining the following measures: 
 
 (1) The deferment of new growth capital spending; and 
 (2) A reduction in the amount of expected capital expenditures for the remainder of 2024, including certain capital expenditures through 2025, to only include those projects which are critical to continuing safe and reliable operations, environmental compliance projects or are required to support future activities. 
 
 We currently expect the implementation of the measures noted above, excluding the suspended payment of the cash dividend, to result in cash savings of approximately 25 million through the remainder of 2024. Further, the Company is concurrently exploring additional efforts to control costs. These decisions support the Company s focus on financial discipline to maintain adequate capital for ongoing operations throughout this environment of uncertainty. The Board will continue to evaluate the economic environment, the Company s cash needs, optimal uses of cash, payment of dividends (if any), and other applicable factors, and may elect to make additional changes to the Company s capital allocation in future periods. 
 
 If needed, we may seek to access the capital markets, incur additional debt and/or pursue non-core asset sales or other alternatives to maintain liquidity aligned with our objectives. We closely monitor the amounts and timing of our sources and uses of funds and the availability and borrowings, if any, under the CVR Energy ABL. Our ability to incur additional indebtedness could be restricted by the terms of our existing Senior Notes or the CVR Energy ABL. 
 
 When considering the market conditions and actions outlined above, we currently believe that our cash from operations and existing cash and cash equivalents, along with borrowings, as necessary, will be sufficient to satisfy anticipated cash requirements associated with our existing operations for at least the next 12 months. Our future expenditures for turnaround, capital expenditures and other cash requirements could be higher than we currently expect as a result of various factors including, but not limited to, rising material and labor costs, the costs associated with complying with the RFS and the outcome of litigation and other factors. Additionally, our ability to generate adequate cash from our operating activities in the current commodity price environment, sell non-core assets, access capital markets, incur additional debt or take any other action to improve our liquidity is subject to the risks discussed above and elsewhere in our periodic reports and the other risks and uncertainties that exist in our industry, and depends on our future operational performance, which is subject to general economic, political, financial, competitive, and other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. 
 
 Depending on the needs of our business, contractual limitations and market conditions, we may from time to time seek to issue equity securities, incur additional debt, issue debt securities, or redeem, repurchase, refinance, or retire our outstanding debt through privately negotiated transactions, open market repurchases, redemptions, exchanges, tender offers or otherwise, but we are under no obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that we will seek to do any of the foregoing or that we will be able to do any of the foregoing on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 
 As permitted under the CVR Energy ABL, certain subsidiaries of the Company entered into an Incremental Commitment Agreement on September 25, 2024 for an amount of 70 million, which increased the total aggregate principal amount available under the CVR Energy ABL from 275 million to 345 million. The Company and its subsidiaries were in compliance with 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 47 

Table of Contents 

 applicable financial covenants under their respective debt instruments as of September 30, 2024, and through the date of filing, as applicable. 
 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as such term is defined within the rules and regulations of the SEC. 
 
 Cash Balances and Other Liquidity 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had total liquidity of approximately 863 million, consisting of consolidated cash and cash equivalents of 534 million, 290 million available under CVR Energy s Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement (the CVR Energy ABL ), and 39 million available under CVR Partners Credit Agreement (the CVR Partners ABL ). As of December 31, 2023, we had 581 million in cash and cash equivalents and 598 million of reserved funds that were utilized for the repayment of the 2025 Notes (as defined below). 
 
 Long-term debt consisted of the following: 
 (in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 CVR Energy: 5.75 Senior Notes, due February 2028 
 400 400 8.50 Senior Notes, due January 2029 
 600 600 Unamortized debt issuance costs (5) (5) Total CVR Energy debt 995 995 Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment: 
 6.125 Senior Secured Notes, due June 2028 
 550 550 Unamortized debt issuance costs (2) (3) Total Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment debt 
 548 547 Total long-term debt 1,543 1,542 Current portion of long-term debt (1) 
 599 Total long-term debt, including current portion 1,543 2,141 
 
 (1) On February 15, 2024, CVR Energy s 5.25 Senior Notes, due 2025 (the 2025 Notes were redeemed in full, at par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 
 
 CVR Energy 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, CVR Energy has the 5.75 Senior Notes, due 2028, the 8.50 Senior Notes due 2029, and the CVR Energy ABL, the net proceeds of which may be used for general corporate purposes, which may include funding acquisitions, working capital and capital expenditures, share repurchases or distributions to our stockholders. Refer to Part I, Item 1, Note 8 Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations of this Report and Part II, Item 8, Note 8 Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations of our 2023 Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 
 Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment has the 6.125 Senior Secured Notes, due June 2028 and the CVR Partners ABL, the proceeds of which may be used to fund working capital and capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. Refer to Part II, Item 8, Note 8 Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations of our 2023 Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 
 Capital Spending 
 
 We divide capital spending needs into two categories: maintenance and growth. Maintenance capital spending includes non-discretionary maintenance projects and projects required to comply with environmental, health, and safety regulations. Growth capital projects generally involve an expansion of existing capacity, reliability improvements, and/or a reduction in direct operating expenses. We undertake growth capital spending based on the expected return on incremental capital employed. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 48 

Table of Contents 

Our total capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, along with our estimated expenditures for 2024, by segment, are as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Actual 2024 Estimate 
 Maintenance Growth Total in millions 
 Maintenance Growth Total Low High Low High Low High Petroleum 66 31 97 88 98 31 34 119 132 Nitrogen Fertilizer 15 4 19 31 33 8 9 39 42 Other (1) 
 6 8 14 4 8 8 13 12 21 Total 87 43 130 123 139 47 56 170 195 
 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, Renewables does not meet the definition of a reportable segment as defined under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 280. 
 
 Our estimated capital expenditures are subject to further change due to changes in the cost, scope, and completion time for capital projects. For example, we may experience changes in labor or equipment costs necessary to comply with government regulations or to complete projects that sustain the operations of the refineries or facilities. Capital spending for CVR Partners is determined by the UAN GP Board. We will continue to monitor market conditions and make adjustments, if needed, to our current capital spending or turnaround plans. 
 
 The Petroleum Segment s planned turnaround at the Wynnewood Refinery commenced in February 2024 and was completed in March 2024. The Petroleum Segment s total capitalized expenditures were 3 million and 2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 45 million and 53 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The next planned turnaround is currently scheduled to commence in the first quarter of 2025 at the Coffeyville Refinery. 
 
 The next planned turnarounds for the Nitrogen Fertilizer Segment are currently scheduled to take place in late 2025 at the Coffeyville Facility and in 2026 at the East Dubuque Facility. 
 
 Cash Requirements 
 
 There have been no material changes to the cash requirements disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, outside the ordinary course of business, except as follows: 
 
 Debt obligations - On February 15, 2024, CVR Energy redeemed the outstanding 2025 Notes, at par, and settled accrued interest of approximately 16 million to the date of redemption. Refer to Part I, Item 1, Note 8 Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations of this Report for further discussion. 
 
 Transportation agreements - In the third quarter of 2024, the Company entered into new transportation agreements related to the Petroleum Segment. Refer to Part I, Item 1, Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies of this Report for disclosure of the Company s unconditional purchase obligations, which includes amounts attributable to these agreements. 
 
 Dividends to CVR Energy Stockholders 
 
 Dividends, if any, including the payment, amount and timing thereof, are determined at the discretion of the Board. IEP, through its ownership of the Company s common stock, is entitled to receive dividends that are declared and paid by the Company based on the number of shares held at each record date. The following tables present quarterly and special dividends 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 49 

Table of Contents 

 paid to the Company s stockholders, including IEP, during 2024 and 2023 (amounts presented in table below may not add to totals presented due to rounding): 
 Quarterly Dividends Paid in millions 
 Related Period Date Paid Quarterly Dividends Per Share Public Stockholders IEP Total 2023 - 4th Quarter 
 March 11, 2024 0.50 17 33 50 2024 - 1st Quarter 
 May 20, 2024 0.50 17 33 50 2024 - 2nd Quarter 
 August 19, 2024 0.50 17 33 50 Total 2024 quarterly dividends 
 1.50 51 100 151 
 
 Quarterly Dividends Paid in millions 
 Related Period Date Paid Quarterly Dividend Per Share Public Stockholders IEP Total 2022 - 4th Quarter 
 March 13, 2023 0.50 15 36 50 2023 - 1st Quarter 
 May 22, 2023 0.50 15 36 50 2023 - 2nd Quarter 
 August 21, 2023 0.50 15 36 50 2023 - 3rd Quarter 
 November 20, 2023 0.50 17 33 50 Total 2023 quarterly dividends 
 2.00 61 140 201 
 
 Special Dividends Paid in millions 
 Related Period Date Paid Special Dividends Per Share Public Stockholders IEP Total 2023 - 2nd Quarter 
 August 21, 2023 1.00 29 71 101 2023 - 3rd Quarter 
 November 20, 2023 1.50 51 100 151 Total 2023 special dividends 
 2.50 80 171 251 
 
 No dividends were declared for the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Distributions to CVR Partners Unitholders 
 
 Distributions, if any, including the payment, amount and timing thereof, and UAN GP Board s distribution policy, including the definition of available cash, are subject to change at the discretion of the UAN GP Board. The following tables present quarterly distributions paid by CVR Partners to CVR Partners unitholders, including amounts received by the Company, during 2024 and 2023 (amounts presented in tables below may not add to totals presented due to rounding): 
 Quarterly Distributions Paid (in millions) 
 Related Period Date Paid Quarterly Distributions Per Common Unit Public Unitholders CVR Energy Total 2023 - 4th Quarter 
 March 11, 2024 1.68 11 7 18 2024 - 1st Quarter 
 May 20, 2024 1.92 13 7 20 2024 - 2nd Quarter August 19, 2024 1.90 13 7 20 Total 2024 quarterly distributions 
 5.50 37 21 58 

September 30, 2024 | 50 

Table of Contents 

 Quarterly Distributions Paid (in millions) 
 Related Period Date Paid Quarterly Distributions Per Common Unit Public Unitholders CVR Energy Total 2022 - 4th Quarter 
 March 13, 2023 10.50 70 41 111 2023 - 1st Quarter 
 May 22, 2023 10.43 70 41 110 2023 - 2nd Quarter 
 August 21, 2023 4.14 28 16 44 2023 - 3rd Quarter 
 November 20, 2023 1.55 10 6 16 Total 2023 quarterly distributions 
 26.62 178 104 281 
 
 For the third quarter of 2024, CVR Partners, upon approval by the UAN GP Board on October 28, 2024, declared a distribution of 1.19 per common unit, or 13 million, which is payable November 18, 2024 to unitholders of record as of November 8, 2024. Of this amount, CVR Energy will receive approximately 5 million, with the remaining amount payable to public unitholders. 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated cash flows for the periods indicated below: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 
 306 984 (678) Investing activities 
 (164) (181) 17 Financing activities 
 (794) (424) (370) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, reserved funds and restricted cash (652) 379 (1,031) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 The change in net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was driven primarily by lower income from operations, offset by an increase in net changes from working capital items. The decrease of 776 million in net income was primarily due to decreases in gasoline and distillate crack spreads as well as decreased production caused by unplanned outages in 2024. The lower activity in the current period was offset by working capital changes of 163 million which were substantially attributable to the increase in the RFS obligation in the current period when compared to 2023. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 The change in net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to a decrease in capital expenditures of 26 million and a decrease in our turnaround expenditures of 7 million in 2024 compared to 2023, partially offset by lower distributions from the CVR Partners equity method investment associated with the 45Q Transaction of 16 million during 2024. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 The change in net cash used for financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the 600 million redemption of the 2025 Notes in 2024. This was partially offset by a decrease in dividends paid to CVR Partners noncontrolling interest holders of 131 million and a decrease in dividends paid to CVR Energy stockholders of 100 million during 2024 compared to 2023. 

September 30, 2024 | 51 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our critical accounting estimates are disclosed in the Critical Accounting Estimates section of our 2023 Form 10-K. No modifications have been made during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 to these estimates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 There have been no material changes to our market risks as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the risks discussed in Part II, Item 7A of our 2023 Form 10-K. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company has evaluated, under the direction and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no material changes in our internal controls over financial reporting required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 52 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Part I, Item 1, Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies of this Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Part II, Item 1, for a description of certain litigation, legal, and administrative proceedings and environmental matters. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our 2023 Form 10-K. Additional risks and uncertainties, including risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, could also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement , as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary. 
 31.3 Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary, and Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. 
 101 The following financial information for CVR Energy, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted Inline XBRL Extensible Business Reporting Language includes: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited), (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited), (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (unaudited), (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) and (v) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited), tagged in detail. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 
 PLEASE NOTE: Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, we may file or incorporate by reference agreements as exhibits to the reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC. The agreements are filed to provide investors with information regarding their respective terms. The agreements are not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, its business or operations. In particular, the assertions embodied in any representations, warranties and covenants contained in the agreements may be subject to qualifications with respect to knowledge and materiality different from those applicable to investors and may be qualified by information in confidential disclosure schedules not included with the exhibits. These disclosure schedules may contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations, warranties and covenants set forth in the agreements. Moreover, certain representations, warranties and covenants in the agreements may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties, rather than establishing matters as facts. In addition, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may have changed after the date of the respective agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Company s public disclosures. Accordingly, investors should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants in the agreements as characterizations of the actual state of facts about the Company, its business or operations on the date hereof. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 53 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CVR Energy, Inc. October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Dane J. Neumann Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary (Principal Financial Officer) October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Jeffrey D. Conaway Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 

September 30, 2024 | 54 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-cviq32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 
 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, David L. Lamp, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CVR Energy, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

By s DAVID L. LAMP David L. Lamp President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-cviq32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 Certification of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Dane J. Neumann, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CVR Energy, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

By s DANE J. NEUMANN Dane J. Neumann Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 exhibit313-cviq32024.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 
 Exhibit 31.3 

 Certification of Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Jeffrey D. Conaway, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CVR Energy, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

By s JEFFREY D. CONAWAY Jeffrey D. Conaway Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321-cviq32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report of CVR Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of such officer's knowledge and belief 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

By s DAVID L. LAMP David L. Lamp President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By s DANE J. NEUMANN Dane J. Neumann Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary (Principal Financial Officer) By s JEFFREY D. CONAWAY Jeffrey D. Conaway Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Dated October 29, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cvi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cvi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cvi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cvi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cvi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

