<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-K-A_edgar_data_1505155_0001505155-24-000103.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10932999</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>109577</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1855616</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3878358</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2528570</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2317513</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001505155-24-000103.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107160826
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001505155-24-000103
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Upland Software, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001505155
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				272992077
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36720
		FILM NUMBER:		241435650

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 CONGRESS AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1850
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-960-1010

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 CONGRESS AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1850
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Silverback Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001505155-24-000103.txt : 20241107

10-K/A
 1
 upld-20231231.htm
 10-K/A

upld-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Amendment No. 1) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer x Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes x 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based upon the closing price of 3.60 of such common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on June 30, 2023 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter). Shares of common stock held as of June 30, 2023 by each director and executive officer of the registrant, as well as shares held by each holder of 10 of the common stock known to the registrant, have been excluded for purposes of the foregoing calculation. This determination of affiliate status is not a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of February 20, 2024, shares of the registrant s Common Stock were outstanding. 
 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

Explanatory Note 
 
 This Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A (the Amendment amends the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed by Upland Software, Inc. (the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 22, 2024 (the Original Form 10-K ). Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references herein to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, this Form 10-K, this Annual Report and similar names refer to the Original Form 10-K, as amended by this Amendment. 
 Subsequent to the Original Form 10-K filing, Ernst Young LLP EY ), our external auditor, conducted a routine internal quality review and communicated a previously unidentified deficiency existed in our internal control over financial reporting related to a management review control over prospective financial information used in the Company s goodwill impairment assessment, and specifically, not sufficiently performing and documenting the reasonableness of significant assumptions used therein. Solely as a result of this deficiency, the Company concluded that it had a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. 
 The material weakness did not result in any misstatement of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in our Original Form 10-K, and accordingly, we have concluded that the consolidated financial statements and other financial information included in our Original Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented. 
 This Amendment is being filed to (i) amend Part II, Item 9A Controls and Procedures to address management's re-evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures and reflect the identification of a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, (ii) amend EY s opinion on our internal control over financial reporting, and (iii) amend EY s opinion on the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of the Original Form 10-K solely to include a reference to EY s updated report on internal control over financial reporting. 
 Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules also has been amended to include currently dated certifications from the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as required by sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The certifications are attached to this Amendment as Exhibits 31.1, 31.2, 32.1 and 32.2. We are also filing an updated Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, attached as Exhibit 23.1. 
 This Amendment is limited in scope to the portions of this Amendment set forth above, and does not modify, amend, or update in any way the any other items or disclosures contained in the Original Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements set forth in the Original Form 10-K. 
 Except as noted above, this Amendment has not been updated for other events or information subsequent to the date of the filing of the Original Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with the Original Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART II Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 3 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 9 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 
 SIGNATURES 
 47 

1 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 UPLAND SOFTWARE, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 

2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Upland Software, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Upland Software, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 22, 2024, except for the effect of the material weakness described in the third paragraph of that report, as to which the date is November 7, 2024, expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 3 

Evaluation of goodwill for impairment Description of the Matter 
 At December 31, 2023, the Company s goodwill balance was 354 million. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested at least annually for impairment and more frequently when indicators of impairment are identified. Estimating fair values in connection with this impairment evaluation involves the utilization of the discounted cash flow and guideline public company approaches. As described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 129 million during the year ended December 31, 2023. Auditing management s goodwill impairment assessment was complex and required auditor judgment because the estimation of fair values involves subjective management assumptions, including estimation of future cash flows, the long-term rate of growth for the Company s business and weighted average cost of capital. Assumptions used in these valuation models are forward-looking, and changes in these assumptions can have a material effect on the determination of fair value. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 To test the Company s impairment evaluation, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the valuation methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company in its evaluation. For example, we compared the significant assumptions to current industry, market, and economic trends, to historical results of the Company and to other guideline companies within the same industry. We also performed independent sensitivity analyses to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting unit that would result from changes in the significant assumptions. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the methodologies and auditing the significant assumptions used to calculate the estimated fair values. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 
 February 22, 2024, except for the effect of the material weakness described in the second paragraph above, as to which the date is November 7, 2024. 

4 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) December 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses Deferred commissions, current Unbilled receivables Income tax receivable, current Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Tax credits receivable Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred commissions, noncurrent Interest rate swap assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Liabilities due to sellers of businesses Operating lease liabilities, current Current maturities of notes payable (includes unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively) 
 Total current liabilities Notes payable, less current maturities (includes unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively) 
 Deferred revenue, noncurrent Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Noncurrent deferred tax liability, net Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Series A Convertible Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized: shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value; and shares authorized as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 5 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue: Subscription and support Perpetual license Total product revenue Professional services Total revenue Cost of revenue: Subscription and support Professional services Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Acquisition-related expenses Impairment of goodwill Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other expense: Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other income (expense), net 
 ) ) Total other expense ) ) ) Loss before benefit from income taxes ) ) ) Benefit from income taxes Net loss ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders Net loss per common share: Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes. 
 6 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency gain (loss) translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized translation gain (loss) on intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries ) ) Interest rate swaps ) Other comprehensive income (loss): ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 7 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 in thousands, except share amount 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of stock under Company plans, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized translation loss on foreign currency denominated intercompany loans ) ) Interest rate swaps Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock Dividends accrued - Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) Issuance of stock under Company plans, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized translation loss on intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries ) ) Interest rate swaps Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Dividends accrued - Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) Issuance of stock under Company plans, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) Stock repurchases and retirements ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment Unrealized translation loss on foreign currency denominated intercompany loans Interest rate swaps ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 8 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Change in fair value of liabilities due to sellers of businesses ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Amortization of deferred costs Foreign currency re-measurement loss ) ) Non-cash interest, net and other income, net ) Non-cash stock-based compensation expense Non-cash loss on impairment of goodwill Non-cash loss on retirement of fixed assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of purchase business combinations: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchase business combinations, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Payments on finance leases ) Payments of debt costs ) ) ) Payments on notes payable ) ) ) Stock repurchases and retirement ) Issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred stock, net of issuance costs Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Additional consideration paid to sellers of businesses ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest, net of interest rate swaps Cash paid for taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Business combination consideration including holdbacks and earnouts 

See accompanying notes. 
 9 

Upland Software, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 acquisitions in the 12 years ended December 31, 2023. 

10 

Provision for credit losses ) Writeoffs, net of recoveries and other ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 No individual customer represented more than 10 of total revenues or more than 10 of accounts receivable in the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 - years 
 Purchased software and licenses - years 
 Furniture and fixtures years Leasehold improvements Lesser of estimated useful life or lease term 
 11 

to months of the acquisition date and are recorded in Liabilities due to sellers of businesses on our consolidated balance sheets. Contingent consideration typically includes earnout payments payable within to months of the date of acquisition based on attainment of certain performance goals. Contingent consideration liabilities are recorded at fair value on the acquisition date and are remeasured periodically based on the then assessed fair value and adjusted, if necessary. Holdback and contingent consideration liabilities are recorded in Liabilities due to sellers of businesses on our consolidated balance sheet based on their estimated fair values. The estimated fair value of contingent consideration related to potential earnout payments is calculated utilizing a binary option model, and this amount is recorded in Liabilities due to sellers of businesses on our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of contingent consideration is estimated on a quarterly basis through a collaborative effort by our sales and finance departments. Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration subsequent to the purchase price finalization are recorded as Acquisition-related expenses or Other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of operations based on management s assessment of the nature of the liability. In the event a holdback is reduced subsequent to the finalization of purchase accounting, the reduction is recorded as a gain in Acquisition-related expenses or Other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of operations based on management s assessment of the nature of the liability. 
 reporting unit, the Goodwill impairment evaluation is performed at the consolidated entity level by comparing the estimated fair value of the Company to its Carrying Value. We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its Carrying Value. Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the Company's fair value is less than its Carrying Value, then we perform a quantitative analysis using a fair-value-based approach to determine if the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its Carrying Value. See Note 5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets f or more information regarding our 2023 and 2022 Goodwill impairments. 
 Identifiable intangible assets consist of customer relationships, marketing-related intangible assets and developed technology. Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The straight-line method of amortization represents the Company s best estimate of the distribution of the economic value of the identifiable intangible assets. Each period the Company evaluates the estimated remaining useful lives of purchased intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining periods of amortization. 
 Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of intangible assets may not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used or any other significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates the recoverability of intangible assets by comparing their carrying amounts to the future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the intangible assets. If such intangible assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the intangible assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 
 No indicators of impairment were identified during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 12 

internal use software development costs capitalized under ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software . 
 ASC 350-40 also requires hosting arrangements that are service contracts to follow the guidance for internal-use software to determine which implementation costs can be capitalized. In accordance with ASC 350-40, (i) capitalized implementation costs are classified in the same balance sheet line item as the amounts prepaid for the related hosting arrangement; (ii) amortization of capitalized implementation costs are presented in the same income statement line item as the service fees for the related hosting arrangement; and (iii) cash flows related to capitalized implementation costs are presented within the same category of cash flow activity as the cash flows for the related hosting arrangement (i.e. operating activity). 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the net carrying value of capitalized implementation costs related to hosting arrangements that were incurred during the application development stage were material. Capitalized implementation costs are amortized over the expected term of the arrangement and are amortized in the same line item on our consolidated statements of operations as the expense for fees for the associated hosting arrangement. 
 In 2023 and 2022, the Company had write offs of debt issuance costs. 
 million and million of our term loans as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, from variable interest payments to fixed interest rate payments, based on an annualized fixed rate of , for the remaining term of the debt. 
 ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , requires entities to recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the statement of financial position at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and, further, on the type of hedging relationship. The Company assessed the effectiveness of the hedging relationship under the hypothetical derivative method and noted that all of the critical terms of the hypothetical derivative and hedging instrument were the same. The hedging relationship continues to limit the Company s exposure to the variability in interest rates under the Company s term loans and related cash outflows. As such, the Company has deemed this hedging relationship as highly effective in offsetting cash flows attributable to hedged risk (variability in forecasted monthly interest payments) for the term of the term loans and interest rate swap agreements. All derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value as a net asset or liability on our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of interest rate swaps included in Interest rate swap assets on our consolidated balance sheets was million. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of interest rate swaps included in Interest rate swap assets was million. 
 13 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share, at a price of per share, for an initial investment amount of million. Pursuant to the Certification of Designation, cumulative preferred dividends accrue quarterly on the Series A Preferred Stock at a rate of (i) per annum until but excluding the seven year anniversary of the closing, and (ii) per annum on and after the seven year anniversary of the closing . See Note 12. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for further details. 
 million as of December 31, 2023 in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Series A Preferred Stock is classified as Mezzanine Equity because it is redeemable at the option of its holders (upon a deemed liquidation event as defined in Note 12. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Deemed Liquidation Event Redemption 
 
 Advertising expenses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 or 2021, respectively. Advertising costs are recorded in Sales and marketing expenses on our consolidated statement of operations. 
 14 

tax liability has been accrued in anticipation of future dividends from foreign subsidiaries. 
 The Company accounts for uncertainty of income taxes based on a more likely than not threshold for the recognition and derecognition of tax positions. Interest and penalties are recorded as a component of income tax expense. 
 
 Refer to Note 13. Stockholders' Equity Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for further discussion of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 15 

For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, net gains of million, net losses of million and net gains of thousand, respectively, were recorded in Other expense, net on our consolidated statements of operations, related to remeasurement of foreign currency transactions. 
 We have foreign currency denominated intercompany loans that were used to fund the acquisition of foreign subsidiaries. Due to the long-term nature of the loans, the foreign currency gains (losses) resulting from remeasurement are recognized as a separate component of the Company s consolidated statements of stockholders' equity in accumulated other comprehensive loss. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, a translation gain of million, loss of million, and loss of million, respectively, were recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the Company s statements of stockholders equity, related to long-term intercompany loans. 
 16 

17 

Holdback (1) 
 Contingent consideration (2) 
 Working capital and other adjustments 
 ) ) Total consideration 
 (1) Represents cash holdbacks subject to indemnification claims that are payable months from closing for Objectif Lune, Panviva, and Second Street, months following closing for BA Insight and months following the closing of BlueVenn. As of December 31, 2023, all of the holdbacks had been paid. 
 (2) Represents the acquisition date fair value of anticipated earnout payments which are based on the estimated probability of attainment of the underlying future performance-based conditions at the time of acquisition. The maximum potential payout for the BlueVenn and Second Street were million and million, respectively. As of March 31, 2022, the earnout payments for BlueVenn and Second Street were finalized resulting in no payments made. Refer to Note 4. Fair Value Measurements for further discussion regarding the calculation of fair value of acquisition related earnouts and subsequent payouts. 
 Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 
 The Company recorded the purchase of the acquisitions described above using the acquisition method of accounting, and has recognized the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values as of the date of the acquisition. 
 Accounts receivable Other current assets Operating lease right-of-use asset Property and equipment Customer relationships Trade name Technology Favorable leases Goodwill Other assets Total assets acquired 
 Accounts payable ) ) ) ) ) Accrued expense and other ) ) ) ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) ) ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) ) ) Total liabilities assumed 
 ) ) ) ) ) Total consideration 
 18 

Trade name Developed technology Favorable Leases Total weighted-average useful life During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company records adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill based on changes to management s estimates and assumptions. 
 The million goodwill for the above acquisitions is primarily attributable to the synergies expected to arise after the acquisition. Goodwill deductible for tax purposes related to the above acquisitions was million. 
 Total transaction costs incurred with respect to acquisition activity in the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were , million and million, respectively. These costs are included in Acquisition-related expenses on our consolidated statement of operations. 

Interest rate swaps Total 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Cash equivalents - money market funds Interest rate swaps Total 
 The Company s cash equivalents - money market funds are measured at fair value using quoted market prices and active markets, therefore are categorized as Level 1. 
 In connection with entering into, and expanding, the Company's credit facility, as discussed further in Note 7. Debt , the Company entered into interest rate swaps. The fair value of these swaps are measured at the end of each interim reporting period based on the then assessed fair value and adjusted if necessary. As the fair value measure is based on the market approach, they are categorized as Level 2. As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of the interest rate swaps is included in the Interest rate swap assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 19 

The Company s other financial instruments consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and long term debt. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate fair value, primarily due to short maturities. The Company believes the carrying value of its long-term debt at December 31, 2023 approximates its fair value based on its variable interest rate feature and interest rates currently available to the Company. The estimated fair value and carrying value of the Company's debt, before debt discount, at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 are million and million, respectively, based on valuation methodologies using interest rates currently available to the Company which are Level 2 inputs. 

Acquired in business combinations Adjustment related to prior year business combinations 
 Adjustment related to finalization of current year business combinations Impairment of goodwill 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Adjustment related to prior year business combinations Impairment of goodwill 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at December 31, 2023 
 We performed a qualitative annual goodwill impairment test in October 2023 and concluded there was no impairment of Goodwill. 
 As a result of the decline of our stock price impacting our market capitalization during the quarters ended March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, we performed quantitative impairment evaluations, which resulted in a goodwill impairments of million and million during the quarters ended March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Our quantitative goodwill impairment analysis applied two methodologies to estimate the Company s fair value which were: a) a discounted cash flow method and b) a guideline public company method. The two methods generated similar results and indicated that the fair value of the Company was less than its carrying value. The discounted cash flow method requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internally developed forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. Under the guideline public company method, we estimate fair value based on a market multiple of revenues and earnings derived for comparable publicly traded companies with similar operating characteristics as the Company. We did not record a goodwill impairment charge for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Intangible assets, net, include the estimated acquisition-date fair values of customer relationships, marketing-related assets and developed technology that the Company recorded as part of its business acquisitions purchases and from acquisitions of customer relationships. 
 - 
 Trade name - 
 Developed technology - 
 Favorable leases 
 Total intangible assets 
 20 

- 
 Trade name - 
 Developed technology - 
 Favorable leases Total intangible assets 
 The Company periodically reviews the estimated useful lives of its identifiable intangible assets, taking into consideration any events or circumstances that might result in either a diminished fair value or revised useful life. 
 Total amortization expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 No impairment of intangible assets were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 21 

State Foreign Total Current Deferred Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total Deferred ) ) ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2023 the Company had total net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million consisting of million and million related to the U.S federal and foreign net operating loss carryforwards, respectively. million of the U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards are related to year prior to 2018 and begin to expire in 2024. The remaining million carryforward indefinitely. In addition, million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards carry forward indefinitely, and the remainder will expire beginning in 2041. In addition, as of December 31, 2023, the Company had research and development credit carryforwards of approximately million which will expire beginning in 2024, if not utilized. Utilization of the U.S. federal net operating losses and tax credits may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to the change of ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The annual limitation will result in the expiration of approximately million of U.S. federal net operating losses and million of credit carryforwards before utilization. 
 22 

Deferred revenue Stock compensation Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards Disallowed interest expense carryforwards Capital expenses Tax credit carryforwards Lease liability Unrealized losses Research and development expenses Other Valuation allowance ) ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) ) Intangible assets ) ) ) Goodwill ) ) ) Tax credit carryforwards ) ) Right of use asset ) ) ) Unrealized gains ) ) Deferred commissions ) ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) Net deferred taxes ) ) ) 
 Due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of realizing the benefits of its favorable tax attributes in future tax returns, the Company has placed a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets, exclusive of goodwill. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the valuation allowance increased by million and during the year ended December 31, 2022 the valuation allowance decreased by million. The valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased million due to the tax effect of items recorded in other comprehensive income with the remaining increase of million related primarily to current U.S., U.K. and Australia operations, which have current year losses. The valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by million due to the tax effect of items recorded in other comprehensive income which is partially offset with the remaining increase of approximately million related primarily to current operations. 
 At December 31, 2023, we did not provide deferred income taxes on temporary differences resulting from earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries which are indefinitely reinvested. The reversal of these temporary differences could result in additional tax; however, it is not practicable to estimate the amount of any unrecognized deferred income tax liabilities at this time. Deferred income taxes are provided as necessary with respect to earnings that are not indefinitely reinvested. 
 23 

State taxes, net of federal benefit ) Tax credits Effect of foreign operations ) ) Stock compensation ) ) ) Disallowed excess executive compensation ) ) Goodwill impairment ) ) Permanent items and other ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Change in tax rates ) Australia tax basis uplift 
 Under ASC 740-10, Income Taxes - Overall , the Company periodically reviews the uncertainties and judgments related to the application of complex income tax regulations to determine income tax liabilities in several jurisdictions. The Company uses a more likely than not criterion for recognizing an asset for unrecognized income tax benefits or a liability for uncertain tax positions. The Company has determined it has an immaterial exposure related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2023. The million exposure at December 31, 2022 was released in 2023 due to a lapse in the statute of limitations for a Canadian exposure. To the extent the Company is required to recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax liabilities, this amount will be recorded as an accrued liability. 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years Balance at December 31, 2022 Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 The Company s assessment of its unrecognized tax benefits is subject to change as a function of the Company s financial statement audit. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has accrued any interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in several state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for years ending before December 31, 2019 and is no longer subject to state and local or foreign income tax examinations by tax authorities for years ending before December 31, 2018. The Company is not currently under audit for federal, state or any foreign jurisdictions. US operating losses generated in years prior to 2019 remain open to adjustment until the statute of limitations closes for the tax year in which the net operating losses are utilized. 
 24 

and based on an imputed interest rate of and , at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively) 
 Less current maturities ) ) Total long-term debt 
 Credit Facility 
 In 2019, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Facility which provided for (i) a fully-drawn million, year, senior secured term loan facility (the Term Loan and (ii) a term loan facility to be established under the Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of million (the 2019 Incremental Term Loan and together with the Term Loan, the Term Loans and (iii) a million, year, revolving credit facility (the Revolver that was fully available as of December 31, 2023. 
 Revolver 
 Loans under the Revolver are available up to million, of which none is currently outstanding. The Revolver provides a sub facility whereby the Company may request letters of credit (the Letters of Credit in an aggregate amount not to exceed, at any one time outstanding, million for the Company. The aggregate amount of outstanding Letters of Credit are reserved against the credit availability under the Maximum Revolver Amount. The Company incurs a per annum unused line fee on the unborrowed balance of the Revolver which is paid quarterly. 
 Loans under the Revolver may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until August 6, 2024 (the Maturity Date ), at which time all amounts borrowed under the Revolver must be repaid. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolver or related sub facility. 
 Payment terms 
 The Term Loans are repayable on a quarterly basis beginning on December 31, 2019 by an amount equal to per annum) of the aggregate principal amount of such loan. Any amount remaining unpaid is due and payable in full on August 6, 2026 (the Term Loan Maturity Date ). 
 Initially, at the option of the Company, the Term Loans (including the 2019 Incremental Term Loan) accrued interest at a per annum rate based on (i) the Base Rate plus a margin of or (ii) the rate (not less than for Eurodollar deposits quoted on the LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 pages on the Reuters Screen, or as otherwise determined in accordance with the Credit Facility (based on a period equal to 1, 2, 3 or 6 months or, if available and agreed to by all relevant Lenders and the Agent, 12 months or such period of less than 1 month) plus a margin of . The Base Rate for any day was a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate in effect on such day, (ii) the federal funds effective rate (not less than in effect on such day plus of 1.00 , and (ii) the Eurodollar rate for a one month interest period beginning on such day plus . On February 21, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to its Credit Facility. The amendment amended the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR. Other than the foregoing, the material terms of the Credit Agreement remain unchanged. After giving effect to the interest rate swaps described below, million of the Term Loans has an effective annualized fixed interest rate of , and the remaining principal outstanding at December 31, 2023 has a floating interest rate of 
 Accrued interest is paid quarterly or, with respect to Term Loans that are accruing interest based on the Federal Funds Effective Rate, at the end of the applicable interest rate period. 
 On August 31, 2023, the Company prepaid million of the Term Loans. 
 25 

million original principal Term Loans from variable interest payments to fixed interest rate payments, based on an annualized fixed rate of , for the -year term of debt. The interest rate associated with our undrawn million Revolver remains floating. 
 In August 2023, the Company sold million of the notional amount of its interest rate swap assets back to the counterparties for million , reducing the total notional amount of the interest rate swap assets to million . The million gain in accumulated other comprehensive income related to the million amount sold is being released to interest expense, net as interest is accrued on the Company s variable-rate debt over the remaining term of the Term Loans as a decrease to interest expense, net, the amortization of which totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 As discussed above, on September 1, 2023, the Company prepaid million of the Term Loans. As a result of this prepayment, million of the deferred gain in accumulated comprehensive income was released immediately into earnings as interest expense, net. 
 In the next twelve months, the Company estimates that million will be reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to Interest expense, net on our consolidated statement of operations. 
 Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to the Company's derivatives are reclassified to interest expense, net as interest is accrued on the Company s variable-rate debt.) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense, net ) Total Other comprehensive income (loss) on interest rate swaps 
 ) 
 Cash interest costs averaged , , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the Credit Facility. These issuance costs will be amortized to Interest expense, net on our consolidated statement of operations, over the term of the Credit Facility. 
 Covenants 
 The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants. The negative covenants limit the ability of the Loan Parties to, among other things (in each case subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type): 
 Incur additional indebtedness or guarantee indebtedness of others; 
 Create liens on our assets; 
 Make investments, including certain acquisitions; 
 Enter into mergers or consolidations; 
 Dispose of assets; 
 Pay dividends and make other distributions on the Company s capital stock, and redeem and repurchase the Company s capital stock; 
 Enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 Prepay indebtedness or make changes to certain agreements. 
 The Credit Facility has no financial covenants as long as less than of the Revolver is drawn as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. If of the Revolver is drawn as of the last day of a given fiscal quarter, the Company will be required to maintain a Total Leverage Ratio (the ratio of funded indebtedness as of such date less the amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of the Company and its guarantors in an amount not to exceed million, to Adjusted EBITDA (calculated on a pro forma basis including giving effect to any acquisition)), measured on a quarter-end basis for each four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, of not greater than to 1.00. 
 26 

above the applicable interest rate. The Term Loan and Revolver are secured by substantially all of the Company's assets. 
 As of December 31, 2023 the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility. 
 Debt Maturities 
 2025 2026 Total debt outstanding Less unamortized discount Total debt outstanding, net of discount 
 ) ) Preferred stock dividends and accretion ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 
 
 Due to the net losses incurred for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, basic and diluted loss per share were the same, as the effect of all potentially dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022 as detailed in Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent Accounting Pronouncements Recently issued accounting pronouncements - Adopted . As such, the Company is required to use the application of the if-converted method for calculating diluted earnings per share on our Series A Preferred Stock. The Company applies the treasury stock method for calculating diluted earnings per share on our stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance restricted stock units. 
 27 

Restricted stock units Performance restricted stock units Series A Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis (1) 
 Total anti dilutive common share equivalents 
 (1) Per ASU 2020-06, the Company is applying the if-converted method to calculated diluted earnings per share. As of December 31, 2023, the Series A Preferred Stock plus accumulated dividends totaled million. The Series A Preferred Stock has a conversion price of per share, as detailed in Note 12. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

million, million and million , respectively. The million office rent expense in 2022 includes approximately million of transformation charges in conjunction with the closures of the BA Insight and Objectif Lune offices as we continue to consolidate and integrate these acquisitions. The million office rent expense in 2021 includes approximately million of transformation charges in conjunction with the closures of the the Panviva, BlueVenn, Second Street and Localytics offices as we continue to consolidate and integrate these acquisitions. 
 The Company has entered into sublease agreements related to excess office space as a result of the Company's transformation activities related to its acquisitions. The Company s current sublease agreements terminate in 2027. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized rental income on subleases, as offsets to rental expense, of million, million and million, respectively. Operating lease obligations in the future minimum payments table below do not include the impact of future rental income of million related to these subleases as of December 31, 2023. 
 Sublease income ) ) Total lease expense 
 28 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations (in thousands): 
 Operating leases 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): Operating leases 
 Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company no longer had any finance lease agreements. 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less amount representing interest ) Present value of lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Total lease liabilities 

2025 Thereafter Total minimum payments 
 29 

Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Amortization of assets recorded under finance leases is included with depreciation expense. Depreciation and amortization expense on Property and equipment, net was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recorded impairment of property and equipment during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized a thousand, thousand and losses on disposal of assets related primarily to leasehold improvements associated with the consolidation and integration of prior year acquisitions. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, par value per share, at a price of per share (the Initial Liquidation Preference for an aggregate purchase price of million (the Investment ). The Company is using the proceeds of the Investment for general corporate purposes and transaction-related fees and expenses. 
 On August 23, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the closing of the Investment (the Closing occurred, and the Series A Preferred Stock was issued to the Purchaser. In connection with the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Company incurred direct and incremental expenses comprised of transaction fees, and financial advisory and legal expenses (the Series A Preferred Stock Issuance Costs ), which reduced the carrying value of the Series A Preferred Stock. Total Series A Preferred Stock Issuance Costs totaled million. 
 Contemporaneous with the Closing Date, the Company and the Purchaser entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement and the Company filed a Certificate of Designation (the Certificate of Designation setting out the powers, designations, preferences, and other rights of the Series A Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in connection with the Closing. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Purchaser has certain customary registration rights with respect to any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or the common stock of the Company issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, including rights with respect to the filing of a shelf registration statement, underwritten offering rights and piggy back rights. 
 30 

per share, representing an aggregate Liquidation Preference (as defined below) of upon issuance. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to the dividend at the rate of per annum, within first seven years after the Closing Date regardless of whether declared or assets are legally available for the payment. Such dividends shall accrue and compound quarterly in arrears from the date of issuance of the shares. The dividend rate will increase to on the seven-year anniversary of the Closing Date. The dividend can be paid, in the Company s sole discretion, in cash or dividend in kind by adding to the Liquidation Preference of each share of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. On June 7, 2023, the stockholders of the Company authorized, for purposes of complying with Nasdaq Listing Rules 5635(b) and (d), the issuance of shares of Common Stock underlying shares of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount equal to or in excess of 20 of the Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such Series A Preferred Stock (including upon the operation of anti-dilution provisions contained in the Certificate of Designation designating the terms of such Series A Preferred Stock). The Series A Preferred Stock is also entitled to fully participate in any dividends paid to the holders of common stock in cash, in stock or otherwise, on an as-converted basis. The Series A Preferred Stock had accrued unpaid dividends of million as of December 31, 2023. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 In the event of any Liquidation, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive an amount per share equal to the greater of (1) the Initial Liquidation Preference per share plus any accrued or declared but unpaid dividends on such shares (the Liquidation Preference or (2) the amount payable if the Series A Preferred Stock were converted into common stock. The Series A Preferred Stock will have distribution and liquidation rights senior to all other equity interests of the Company. As of December 31, 2023, the Liquidation Preference of the Series A Preferred Stock was million. 
 Optional Redemption 
 On or after the 7th anniversary of the original issue date of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Company has the right to redeem any outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for a cash purchase price equal to of the Liquidation Preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends as of the date of redemption. 
 Deemed Liquidation Event Redemption 
 Upon a fundamental change, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have the right to require the Company to repurchase any or all of its Series A Preferred Stock for cash equal to the greater of (1) of the Liquidation Preference plus the present value of the dividend payments the holders would have been entitled to through the fifth anniversary of the issue date and (2) the amount that such Preferred Stock would have been entitled to receive as if converted into common shares immediately prior to the fundamental change. 
 A fundamental change Deemed Liquidation Event is defined as either the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all the properties or assets of the Company and its subsidiaries to any third party or the consummation of any transaction, the result of which is that any third party or group of third parties become the beneficial owner of more than of the voting power of the Company. 
 Voting Rights 
 The Series A Preferred Stock will vote together with the Common Shares on all matters and not as a separate class (except as specifically provided in the Certificate of Designation or as otherwise required by law) on an as-if-converted basis. 
 The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have the right to elect member of the Board of Directors for so long as holders of the Series A Preferred Stock own in the aggregate at least of the shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis. 
 In addition, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have the right to elect non-voting observer to the Board of Directors for so long as they hold at least of the shares of Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of the date of the issue date. 
 31 

(the Conversion Price ). The Conversion Price is subject to adjustment in the following events: 
 Stock splits and combinations 
 Tender offers or exchange offers 
 Distribution of rights, options, or warrants at a price per share that is less than the average of the last reported sale prices per share of Common Stock for the ten consecutive trading days 
 Spin-offs and other distributed property 
 Issuance of equity-linked securities at a price per share less than the conversion price 
 Anti-Dilution Provisions 
 The Series A Preferred Stock has customary anti-dilution provisions for stock splits, stock dividends, mergers, sales of significant assets, and reorganization events and recapitalization transactions or similar events, and weighted average anti-dilution protection, subject to customary exceptions for issuances pursuant to current or future equity-based incentive plans or arrangements (including upon the exercise of employee stock options). 

to . 
 The common stock has a par value of per share. Each share of common stock is entitled to vote at all meetings of stockholders. The number of authorized shares of common stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote. The holders of common stock are also entitled to receive dividends, when, if and as declared by our board of directors, whenever funds are legally available therefore, subject to the priority rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 See Note 12. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for a description of our Series A Preferred Stock, which is the only class of preferred stock outstanding. 
 Registration Statements 
 2022 S-3 
 On October 21, 2022 we filed a resale registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267973) (the 2022 S-3 ), on behalf of the Purchaser and pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, which became effective on November 1, 2022 and covers (i) the issued Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock, which amount includes and assumes that dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are paid by increasing the Liquidation Preference of the Series A Preferred Stock for a period of sixteen dividend payment periods from the initial issuance date. See Note 12. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for further details. 
 32 

million. In October 2023, the Board of Directors authorized an increase to the Share Repurchase Plan to allow the Company to repurchase up to an additional million of shares. The Share Repurchase Plan allows the Company to repurchase shares of its issued and outstanding Common Stock, from time to time in the open market or otherwise (including in negotiated transactions, open market transactions, through accelerated share repurchase, through indirect purchases of Common Stock such as by using derivatives or in other transactions) in each case in accordance with applicable securities laws, so long as the aggregate purchase price paid for such transactions does not exceed million for all such purchases. The Share Repurchase Plan does not have a specified expiration date. Accordingly, unless terminated earlier by resolution of the Board, the Share Repurchase Plan will expire when the Company has repurchased all shares authorized for repurchase. 
 In fiscal year 2024, the Company s net stock repurchases are subject to a 1 percent excise tax under the Inflation Reduction Act. The excise tax is included as a reduction to accumulated deficit in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity. Total accrued excise tax of million is included in total cost of shares repurchases, excluded from average cost per share and excluded from total cash paid during the year ended December 31, 2023 as amounts were unpaid at year end. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased and subsequently retired shares of Common Stock, for a total of million under the Share Repurchase Plan, inclusive of excise tax and other costs directly related to the repurchased shares. As of December 31, 2023, approximately million remained available for additional share repurchases. The Company is not obligated to acquire any particular amount of Common Stock and may modify or suspend the repurchases at any time in the Company s discretion. 
 
 Tax Benefit Preservation Plan and Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 
 On May 2, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized and declared a dividend of preferred stock purchase right (a Right for each outstanding share of Common Stock of the Company as of May 12, 2023 (the Record Date ). Rights were issued to the holders of record of shares of Common Stock. The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in a Tax Benefit Preservation Plan, dated as of May 2, 2023, as the same may be amended from time to time (the Plan ), between the Company and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, as Rights Agent. 
 By adopting the Plan, the Board of Directors is seeking to protect the Company s ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards NOLs and other tax attributes to offset potential future income tax liabilities. The Company s ability to use such NOLs and other tax attributes would be substantially limited if the Company experiences an ownership change, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). Generally, an ownership change occurs if the percentage of the Company s stock owned by one or more five percent stockholders increases by more than fifty percentage points over the lowest percentage of stock owned by such stockholders at any time during the prior three-year period or, if sooner, since the last ownership change experienced by the Company. The Plan is intended to make it more difficult for the Company to undergo an ownership change by deterring any person from acquiring or more of the outstanding shares of stock without the approval of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors believes it is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders to reduce the likelihood of an ownership change, which could harm the Company s future operating results by effectively increasing the Company future tax liabilities. 
 The Rights trade with, and are inseparable from, the Common Stock, and the record holders of shares of Common Stock are the record holders of the Rights. The Rights are evidenced only by certificates (or, in the case of uncertificated shares, by notations in the book-entry account system) that represent shares of Common Stock. Rights will also be issued in respect of any shares of Common Stock that shall become outstanding after the Record Date (including upon conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company) and, subject to certain exceptions specified in the Plan, prior to the earlier of the Distribution Date (as defined below) and the Expiration Date (as defined below). 
 The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date. After the Distribution Date, each Right will be exercisable to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value per share, of the Company (the Series B Preferred ), at a purchase price of 18.00 per one one-thousandth of a share of Series B Preferred (the Purchase Price ), subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan. 
 33 

or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, except in certain situations specified in the Plan. 
 The Rights will expire on the earliest of (a) the close of business on May 1, 2024, (b) the time at which the Rights are redeemed or exchanged pursuant to the Plan, or (c) the time at which the Board of Directors determines that the Tax Benefits are utilized in all material respects or that an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code would not adversely impact in any material respect the time period in which the Company could use the Tax Benefits, or materially impair the amount of the Tax Benefits that could be used by the Company in any particular time period, for applicable tax purposes (such earliest date, the Expiration Date ). 
 Until a Right is exercised or exchanged, the holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company by virtue of holding such Right, including, without limitation, the right to vote and to receive dividends. 
 The Board of Directors may adjust the Purchase Price, the number of shares of Series B Preferred issuable and the number of outstanding Rights to prevent dilution that may occur from a stock dividend, a stock split, a reclassification of the Series B Preferred or Common Stock or certain other specified transactions. No adjustments to the Purchase Price of less than are required to be made. 
 In connection with the adoption of the Plan, the Board of Directors approved a Certificate of Designations of the Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations ). The Certificate of Designations was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 2, 2023. 
 Each one one-thousandth of a share of Series B Preferred, if issued: 
 Will not be redeemable. 
 Will entitle holders to quarterly dividend payments of per one one-thousandth of a share of Series B Preferred, or an amount equal to the dividend paid on one share of Common Stock, whichever is greater. 
 Will entitle holders upon liquidation either to receive per one one-thousandth of a share of Series B Preferred, or an amount equal to the payment made on share of Common Stock, whichever is greater. 
 Will have the same voting power as share of Common Stock. 
 If shares of Common Stock are exchanged as a result of a merger, consolidation, or a similar transaction, will entitle holders to a per share payment equal to the payment made on one share of Common Stock. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Comprehensive income (loss) consists of two elements, net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) items are recorded in the stockholders equity section on our consolidated balance sheets and excluded from net income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) consists primarily of foreign currency translation adjustments for subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the USD, unrealized translation gains (losses) on intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries, and unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps. 
 34 

) Unrealized translation loss on intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries, net of taxes ) ) Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps Realized gain on interest rate swap sale, net of amounts reclassified into interest expense, net 
 Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 The Unrealized translation gain on intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023 is net of unrealized income tax expense of million. The income tax expense (benefit) allocated to each component of other comprehensive income (loss) for all other periods and components was not material. 
 Stock Compensation Plans 
 The Company maintains stock-based compensation plans, the 2010 Stock Option Plan (the 2010 Plan and the 2014 Stock Option Plan (the 2014 Plan ), which are described below. 
 2010 Plan 
 At December 31, 2023, there were options outstanding under the 2010 Plan. Following the effectiveness of the Company s 2014 Plan in November 2014, no further awards have been made under the 2010 Plan, although each option previously granted under the 2010 Plan will remain outstanding subject to its terms. Any such shares of common stock that are subject to awards under the 2010 Plan which are forfeited or lapse unexercised and would otherwise have been returned to the share reserve under the 2010 Plan instead will be available for issuance under the 2014 Plan. 
 2014 Plan 
 In November 2014, the Company adopted the 2014 Plan, providing for the granting of incentive stock options, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code, to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units and performance shares to employees, directors and consultants. The 2014 Plan also provides for the automatic grant of option awards to our non-employee directors. As of December 31, 2023, there were options outstanding under the 2014 Plan, and shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2014 Plan. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2014 Plan will be increased annually through 2024 in an amount equal to the least of (i) of the outstanding Shares on the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year or (ii) such number of Shares determined by the Board. At December 31, 2023, there were restricted stock units and performance based restricted stock units outstanding under the 2014 Plan. 
 Under both the 2010 Plan and 2014 Plan, options granted to date generally vest over a three or period, with a maximum term of . Shares issued upon any stock option exercise and restricted under the 2010 Plan or 2014 Plan will be issued from the Company's authorized but unissued shares. 
 35 

Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative (1) 
 Total 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2021, a former executive resigned from his positions that resulted in stock-based compensation of million related to the acceleration and deemed modification of the unvested portion of grants held at the time of transition. In accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , the fair value of these awards were modified and all related expense accelerated on the date of modification as a result of the reduction in required service. 
 Our income tax benefits recognized from stock-based compensation arrangements in each of the periods presented were immaterial due to cumulative losses and valuation allowances. 
 Restricted Stock Units RSU 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023 the Company granted restricted stock units under its 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, in lieu of restricted stock awards, primarily for stock plan administrative purposes. 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units PRSU 
 In 2023 and 2022, percent of the awards granted to our Chief Executive Officer were PRSUs. The 2023 and 2022 PRSU agreements provide that the quantity of units subject to vesting may range from to of the units granted per the table below based on the Company's absolute total shareholder return TSR at the end of the thirty-six and eighteen month performance periods, respectively. At the end of the performance period, the 2022 PRSU resulted in units granted. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited (1) 
 ) Unvested restricted units outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 (1) Includes forfeited awards related to the 2022 PRSUs. At June 30, 2023, or the end of the performance period for the 2022 PRSUs, of the awards vested. 
 The total fair value of the RSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units (including performance based awards) is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 The PRSU and RSU activity table above includes PRSU units granted that are based on a target payout. 
 The total fair value of PRSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and million, respectively. 
 36 

Risk-free interest rate Remaining performance period (in years) Dividend yield 
 Stock Option Activity 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2023 Options vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2023 Options vested and exercisable at December 31, 2023 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised at December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, was approximately , million, and million, respectively. All of the Company s outstanding stock options were fully vested as of December 31, 2019. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options. 

37 

38 

million and million, respectively. 
 Deferred Commissions 
 Sales commissions earned by our sales force, and related payroll taxes, are considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. Deferred commissions and other costs for new customer contracts are capitalized upon contract signing and amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer of goods and services over the expected life of the customer relationships, which has been determined to be approximately years. The expected life of our customer relationships is based on historical data and management estimates, including estimated renewal terms and the useful life of the associated underlying technology. Commissions paid on renewal contracts are not commensurate with commissions paid on new customer contracts, as such, deferred commissions related to renewals are capitalized and amortized over the estimated contractual renewal term of months. We utilized the 'portfolio approach' practical expedient, which allows entities to apply the guidance to a portfolio of contracts with similar characteristics as the effects on the financial statements of this approach would not differ materially from applying the guidance to individual contracts. The portion of capitalized costs expected to be amortized during the succeeding twelve-month period is recorded as Deferred commissions, current, and the remainder is recorded as Deferred commissions, noncurrent, in our consolidated balance sheets. Amortization expense is included in sales and marketing expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. Deferred commissions are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate their carrying value may not be recoverable consistent with the Company's long-lived assets policy as described in Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . No indicators of impairment of deferred commissions were identified during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 Capitalized deferred commissions Amortization of deferred commissions ) Deferred commissions balance at December 31, 2023 
 Amortization of deferred commissions in excess of amounts capitalized for the year ended December 31, 2023 was million. 
 39 

million and million of subscription services and professional services revenue, respectively, that was included in the deferred revenue balances at the beginning of the period. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 As of December 31, 2023, approximately million of revenue is expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations. We expect to recognize revenue on approximately of these remaining performance obligations over the next months, with the balance recognized thereafter. 
 Disaggregated Revenue 
 The Company disaggregates revenue from contracts with customers by geography and revenue generating activity, as it believes it best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. 
 Revenue by geography is based on the ship-to address of the customer, which is intended to approximate where the customers' users are located. The ship-to country is generally the same as the billing country. United Kingdom Canada Other International Total subscription and support revenue Perpetual license: United States United Kingdom Canada Other International Total perpetual license revenue Professional services: United States United Kingdom Canada Other International Total professional service revenue Total revenue 

voluntary defined contribution retirement plan qualifying under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company made material contributions to the 401(k) plans for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 40 

United Kingdom Canada Other International Total identifiable long-lived assets 
 
 41 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), has evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2023. 
 At the time our Original Form 10-K was filed, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2023. Subsequent to the Original Form 10-K filing, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, reevaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such reevaluation, the Company s management, under the oversight of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of that date due to the identification of a material weakness as described below. 
 Notwithstanding the identified material weakness, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of the Original Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Prior to the Original Form 10-K filing, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, using the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 COSO framework ). Management s assessment included evaluation of elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. This assessment is supported by testing and monitoring performed by our internal audit and finance personnel utilizing the 2013 COSO framework. Based on that assessment of those established criteria, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. 
 Subsequent to the Original Form 10-K filing, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, reevaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the 2013 COSO framework. Based on such reevaluation, the Company s management, under the oversight of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2023 due to a material weakness in the design and operation of a management review control over prospective financial information used in the Company s goodwill impairment assessment, and specifically, not sufficiently performing and documenting the reasonableness of significant assumptions used therein. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 The material weakness did not result in any misstatement of our consolidated financial statements or disclosures for the year ended December 31, 2023, included in our Original Form 10-K, and accordingly, we have concluded that the consolidated financial statements and other financial information included in our Original Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects the Company s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. This material weakness therefore does not require any adjustments to those consolidated financial statements. 
 The independent registered public accounting firm of Ernst Young LLP, as auditors of the Company s consolidated financial statements, has issued a revised attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, included in this Amendment. 
 42 

Remediation Plan 
 Our management is committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment. In response to the material weakness identified above, management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, has evaluated the material weakness described above and designed a remediation plan to enhance our internal control environment. To remediate the material weakness, we plan to enhance the design, including the precision, of management s review control over prospective financial information used in the Company s goodwill impairment assessment, and specifically, the evaluation of significant assumptions utilized in the development of that prospective financial information. In addition, we will retain incremental evidence of the execution of such procedures. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except for the material weakness as described above, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 43 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Upland Software, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Upland Software, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, Upland Software, Inc. (the Company) has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 In our report dated February 22, 2024, we expressed an unqualified opinion that the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. Management has subsequently identified a deficiency in controls over prospective financial information used in the Company s goodwill impairment assessment, and has further concluded that such deficiency represented a material weakness as of December 31, 2023. As a result, management has revised its assessment, as presented in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, to conclude that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2023. Accordingly, our present opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, as expressed herein, is different from that expressed in our previous report. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management's assessment. Management has identified a material weakness in the design and operation of a management review control over prospective financial information used in the goodwill impairment assessment. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes. This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2023 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated February 22, 2024, except for the effect of the material weakness described in the second paragraph above, as to which the date is November 7, 2024, which expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 44 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Austin, Texas 
 February 22, 2024, except for the effect of the material weakness described in the third paragraph above, as to which the date is November 7, 2024. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Financial Statements 
 The financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data h erein. 
 (b) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is otherwise included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto set forth under Item 8 above. 
 (c) Exhibits 
 See Exhibit Index at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference. 
 
 45 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature pages hereto) 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 (1) 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 (1) 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 Inline XBRL Document Set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 
 (1) The material contained in Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 46 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirement of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Upland Software, Inc. Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ John T. McDonald John T. McDonald Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints John T. McDonald and Michael D. Hill and each of them, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent the full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Signature Title Date /s/ John T. McDonald 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 November 7, 2024 John T. McDonald 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 /s/ Michael D. Hill 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 November 7, 2024 Michael D. Hill 
 Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 /s/Timothy W. Mattox 
 Director 
 November 7, 2024 Timothy W. Mattox 
 /s/ David D. May 
 Director 
 November 7, 2024 David D. May 
 /s/ Stephen E. Courter 
 Director 
 November 7, 2024 Stephen E. Courter 
 /s/ Teresa M. Walsh 
 Director 
 November 7, 2024 Teresa M. Walsh 
 /s/ David H.S. Chung 
 Director 
 November 7, 2024 David H.S. Chung 

47 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 q423ex231-eyconsentxamended.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-267973) of Upland Software, Inc., (2) Registration Statement (Forms S-8 No. 333-279970, 333-276434, 333-270221, 333-263201, 333-253613, 333-236945, 333-230628, 333-223902, 333-217049, 333-211560, 333-203574, and 333-199961) pertaining to the 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, 2014 Equity Incentive Plan as amended, and the Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Plan of Upland Software, Inc. 
 of our reports dated February 22, 2024 , except for the effect of the material weakness as to which the date is November 7, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Upland Software, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Upland Software, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K A) of Upland Software, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Austin, Texas 
 November 7, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 q423exhibit311-amended.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John T. McDonald, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Upland Software, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s John T. McDonald John T. McDonald Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 q423exhibit312-amended.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael D. Hill, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Upland Software, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Michael D. Hill Michael D. Hill Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 q423exhibit321-amended.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Upland Software, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John T. McDonald, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s John T. McDonald John T. McDonald Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 q423exhibit322-amended.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Upland Software, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael D. Hill, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Michael D. Hill Michael D. Hill Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 upld-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 upld-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 upld-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 upld-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 upld-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

