<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1377149_0001437749-24-035379.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5175114</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91139</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>857032</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1607824</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1254217</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1247846</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-035379.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114171759
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-035379
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CareView Communications Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001377149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				954659068
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54090
		FILM NUMBER:		241464341

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		405 STATE HIGHWAY 121
		STREET 2:		SUITE B-240
		CITY:			LEWISVILLE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-943-6050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		405 STATE HIGHWAY 121
		STREET 2:		SUITE B-240
		CITY:			LEWISVILLE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75067

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-035379.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 crvw20240930_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

crvw20240930_10q.htm 

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from________ to ___________ 
 
 Commission File No. 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number) 
 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 OTC Markets 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of Common Stock as of November 14, 2024 was . 

Table of Contents 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX 

Page 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item. 1 
 Financial Statements 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 6 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 7 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 17 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 22 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 22 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 24 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 24 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 24 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 24 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 24 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 
 24 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 2024 December 31, 
 (unaudited) 2023 
 ASSETS 
 Current Assets: 
 Cash 
 Accounts receivable 
 Inventory 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 
 Other Assets: 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 Other assets, net 
 Total other assets 
 Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
 Current Liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Notes payable 
 Notes payable - related parties 
 Deferred revenue 
 Operating lease liability 
 Accrued interest payable 
 Other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 Long-term Liabilities: 
 Operating lease liability, non-current 
 Other liabilities 
 Total long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 

Stockholders' Deficit: 
 
 Preferred stock - par value 0.001 ; 20,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock - par value 0.001 ; 800,000,000 shares authorized; 583,880,748 issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total stockholders' deficit 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3

Table of Contents 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 
 Revenues 
 Subscription-based lease revenue 
 Sales-based equipment package revenue 
 Sales-based software bundle revenue 
 Total revenues 
 
 Operating expenses: 
 Cost of equipment 
 Network operations 
 General and administration 
 Sales and marketing 
 Research and development 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Total operating expense 
 
 Operating income (loss) 
 
 Other income and (expense) 
 Interest expense 
 Interest income 
 Total other expense 
 
 Loss before taxes 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 
 Net loss 
 
 Net loss per share 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic, and diluted 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4

Table of Contents 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 

Additional 
 Common Stock Paid in Accumulated 
 Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2023 
 Stock based compensation - 
 Debt to equity conversion at 0.10 
 Net loss - 
 
 Balance, March 31, 2023 
 Stock based compensation - 
 Debt to equity conversion at 0.10 
 Net loss - 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2023 
 Stock based compensation - 
 Net loss - 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2023 

Balance, January 1, 2024 
 Stock based compensation - 
 Net loss - 
 
 Balance, March 31, 2024 
 Stock based compensation - 
 Net loss - 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2024 
 Stock based compensation - 
 Net loss - 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2024 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5

Table of Contents 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITES 
 Net loss 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 Amortization of deferred installation costs 
 Non-cash lease expense 
 Stock based compensation 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable 
 Inventory 
 Other current assets 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued interest 
 Other current liabilities 
 Deferred revenue 
 Deferred sales commissions 
 Operating lease liability 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 Patent, trademark, and other intangible asset costs 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Repayment of vehicle loan 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities 
 
 Increase in cash 
 Cash, beginning of period 
 Cash, end of period 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITES 
 Non-cash debt-to-equity conversion 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6

Table of Contents 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Following its assessment, the Company reports revenue from services provided under such contracts on a gross basis. This decision is justified by the Company s primary responsibility to fulfill the contractual obligations, including delivery and installation of equipment and software, training, and its control over other services within the contract period. Furthermore, the Company directly sets the contract price with its customers based on the services outlined in the statement of work. As the Company is responsible for fulling this promise and maintains control, the Company is acting as the principal. 
 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 
 The following presents net revenues disaggregated by our business models: 

Software bundle (over time) 
 Total sales-based contract revenue 
 
 Subscription-based lease revenue 
 Net revenue 

Contract Liabilities 
 
 Our subscription-based contracts payment arrangements are required to be paid monthly which are recognized into revenue when received. Some customers choose to pay their subscription fee in advance. Customer payments received in advance of satisfaction of the related performance obligations are deferred as contract liabilities. These amounts are recorded as deferred revenue in our condensed consolidated balance sheets and recognized into revenues over time. 
 
 Our sales-based contract payment arrangements with our customers typically include an initial equipment payment due upon signing of the contract and subsequent payments when certain performance obligations are completed. Customer payments received in advance of satisfaction of related performance obligations are deferred as contract liabilities. These amounts are recorded as deferred revenue in our condensed consolidated balance sheets and recognized into revenues as either a point in time or over time. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , a total of and , respectively, of subscription-based deferred contract liability was recognized as revenue. The table below details the subscription-based contract liability activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Additions 
 Transfer to revenue 
 Balance, end of period 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , a total of and , respectively, of sales-based deferred contract liability was recognized as revenue. The table below details the sales-based contract liability activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 . 

Additions 
 Transfer to revenue 
 Balance, end of period 

As of September 30, 2024 , the aggregate amount of deferred revenue from subscription-based contracts and sales-based contracts allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially satisfied is and will be recognized into revenue over time as follows: 

Thereafter 

We defer and capitalize all costs associated with the installation of the CareView System into a healthcare facility until the CareView System is fully operational and accepted by the healthcare facility. Installation costs are specifically identifiable based on the amounts we are charged from third party installers or directly identifiable labor hours incurred for each installation. Upon acceptance, the associated costs are expensed on a straight-line basis over the life of the contract with the healthcare facility. These costs are included in network operations on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The table below details the activity in these deferred installation costs during the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , included in other assets in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheet. 

Additions 
 Transfer to expense 
 Balance, end of period 

Significant Judgements When Applying Topic 606 
 
 Contracts with our customers are typically structured similarly and include various combinations of our products, software solutions, and related services. Determining whether the various contract promises are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. 
 
 Contract transaction price is allocated to distinct performance obligations using estimated standalone selling price. We determine standalone selling price maximizing observable inputs such as standalone sales, competitor standalone sales, or substantive renewal prices charged to customers when they exist. In instances where standalone selling price is not observable, we utilize an estimate of standalone selling price. Such estimates are derived from various methods that include cost plus margin, and historical pricing practices. Judgment may be required to determine standalone selling prices for each performance obligation and whether it depicts the amount we expect to receive in exchange for the related good or service. 
 
 Contract modifications occur when we and our customers agree to modify existing customer contracts to change the scope or price (or both) of the contract or when a customer terminates some, or all, of the existing services provided by us. When a contract modification occurs, it requires us to exercise judgment to determine if the modification should be accounted for as a separate contract, the termination of the original contract and creation of a new contract, a cumulative catch-up adjustment to the original contract, or a combination. 
 
 Contracts with our customers include a limited warranty on our products covering materials, workmanship, or design for the duration of the contract. We do not offer paid additional extended or lifetime warranty packages. We determined the limited warranty in our contract is not a distinct performance obligation. We do not believe our estimates of warranty costs to be significant to our determination of revenue recognition, and therefore, did not reserve for warranty costs. 
 
 months. At the lease commencement date, an operating lease liability and related operating lease asset are recognized. The operating lease liabilities are calculated using the present value of lease payments. The discount rate used is either the rate implicit in the lease, when known, or our estimated incremental borrowing rate. Operating lease assets are valued based on the initial operating lease liabilities plus any prepaid rent and direct costs from executing the leases. 

and on September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively, have been excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation as they are anti-dilutive due to our reported net loss. The potential common shares consist of stock options and warrants. 

As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had a working capital deficit of . The Company s net losses, cash outflows, and working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management has evaluated the significance of the conditions described above in relation to the Company s ability to meet its obligations and concluded that, without additional funding, the Company will not have sufficient funds to meet its obligations within one year from the date the consolidated financial statements were issued. While management will look to continue funding operations by increased sales volumes and raising additional capital from sources such as sales of its debt or equity securities or loans to meet operating cash requirements, there is no assurance that management s plans will be successful. 
 
 Management continues to monitor the immediate and future cash flows needs of the company in a variety of ways which include forecasted net cash flows from operations, capital expenditure control, new inventory orders, debt modifications, increases in sales outreach, streamlining and controlling general and administrative costs, competitive industry pricing, sale of equities, debt conversions, new product or services offerings, and new business partnerships. 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of the Company s assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. A successful transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of positive cash flows adequate to support the Company s cost structure. 

1 - 03 
 Granted 
 Expired 
 Canceled 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 1 - 03 

Options to Purchase Common Stock of the Company 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , options to purchase our Common Stock were granted having a fair value of and exercise price of per share. 

A summary of our stock option activity and related information follows: 

Granted 
 Forfeited/Expired 
 Exercised 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Vested and Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

Share-based compensation expense for Options charged to our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and for the three -month period, and and for the nine -month period, respectively. The estimate of forfeitures is to be recorded at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from the estimates. We have not included an adjustment to our stock-based compensation expense based on the nominal amount of the historical forfeiture rate. We do, however, revise our stock-based compensation expense based on actual forfeitures during each reporting period. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 , total unrecognized estimated compensation expense related to non-vested Options granted prior to that date was approximately , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. tax benefit was realized due to a continued pattern of operating losses. 

Other prepaid expenses 
 Sales tax overpayment 
 TOTAL OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 

TOTAL INVENTORY 

Office equipment 
 Vehicles 
 Test equipment 
 Furniture 
 Warehouse equipment 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 TOTAL PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

Other intangible assets 
 TOTAL INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Other intangible assets 
 TOTAL INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Other assets consist of the following: 

Deferred clinical training costs 
 Deferred sales commissions 
 Prepaid license fee 
 Security deposit 
 TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

Deferred clinical training costs 
 Deferred sales commissions 
 Prepaid license fee 
 Security deposit 
 TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

Accrued paid time off 
 Deferred officer compensation (1) 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 TOTAL OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 

1 Remaining salary payable for Steve Johnson, CEO, between February 15, 2018 and September 30, 2020. 

million in two tranches of million each. Tranche One was funded on October 8, 2015 the Tranche One Loan ). Pursuant to the terms of the PDL Credit Agreement and having not met the Tranche Two Milestones by July 26, 2017, the Tranche Two funding was terminated in full. 
 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor, the Lender and the Tranche Three Lenders entered into a Twenty-Eighth Amendment to Modification Agreement (the Twenty-Eighth Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion, to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and March 31, 2023 with each such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s (i) interest payments that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on December 31, 2018, March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30, 2019, December 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020 and October 7, 2020 and (ii) payments for principal and for any other Obligations then outstanding under the Tranche One Loan and the Tranche Three Loans that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on October 7, 2020, would each be deferred until March 30, 2023 the end of the extended Modification Period). 
 
 On March 31, 2023, the Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor, the Lender and the Tranche Three Lenders entered into a Twenty-Ninth Amendment to Modification Agreement (the Twenty-Ninth Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion, to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and April 30, 2023 with each such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s (i) interest payments that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on December 31, 2018, March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30, 2019, December 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020 and October 7, 2020 and (ii) payments for principal and for any other Obligations then outstanding under the Tranche One Loan and the Tranche Three Loans that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on October 7, 2020, would each be deferred until April 30, 2023 the end of the extended Modification Period). Under debt modification/troubled debt guidance, we determined that the first of the eight amendments had no cash flow impact, and therefore, had no impact on accounting. Amendments nine through ten qualified for modification accounting, while the final nineteen amendments qualified for troubled debt restructuring accounting. As appropriate, we expensed the legal costs paid to third parties. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, pursuant to the terms of the PDL Modification Agreement, as amended, was recorded as interest expense on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

On April 29, 2023, the Company, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantor, the Lender and the Tranche Three Lenders entered into a Thirtieth Amendment to Modification Agreement (the Thirtieth Modification Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the Modification Agreement to provide that the dates on which the Lender may elect, in the Lender s sole discretion, to terminate the Modification Period would be July 31, 2018 and May 31, 2023 with each such date permitted to be extended by the Lender in its sole discretion); and that the Borrower s (i) interest payments that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on December 31, 2018, March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, September 30, 2019, December 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020 and October 7, 2020 and (ii) payments for principal and for any other Obligations then outstanding under the Tranche One Loan and the Tranche Three Loans that would otherwise be due under the Credit Agreement on October 7, 2020, would each be deferred until May 31, 2023 the end of the extended Modification Period). 
 
 On May 31, 2023 the Effective Date ), the Company, the Borrower, the Lender, Steven G. Johnson, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Dr. James R. Higgins, a director of the Company, entered into a Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Seventh Credit Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) provide that, after the Effective Date, all accrued but unpaid interest (including interest accrued but unpaid prior to the Effective Date and excluding interest payable on the Maturity Date, in connection with any prepayment, or in the event of an Event of Default, which interest will be payable in cash) accruing on Tranche One Loans and Tranche Three Loans will be paid-in-kind on each Interest Payment Date by being added to the aggregate principal balance of the respective loans in arrears on each Interest Payment Date; (ii) require certain mandatory prepayments of the loans by the Company, including (A) quarterly prepayments in the amount, if any, that the Company s Excess Cash Flow exceeds , (B) monthly transfers to the Inventory Reserve Account in the amount, if any, the Company s cash exceeds , (C) prepayment in the amount, if any, the Company s Inventory Reserve Account exceeds , and (D) prepayment in the amount, if any, of of the gross proceeds of any indebtedness incurred by the Company (other than permitted indebtedness); and (iii) extend the Maturity Date to December 31, 2024. 
 
 On September 30, 2023 the Effective Date ), the Company, the Borrower, the Lender, Steven G. Johnson, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Dr. James R. Higgins, a director of the Company, entered into an Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Eighth Credit Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the Credit Agreement to modify certain texts originating within the Seventh Credit Agreement. Stricken texts include all accrued but unpaid interest (including interest accrued but unpaid prior to the Effective Date and excluding interest payable on the Maturity Date, in connection with any prepayment, or in the event of an Event of Default, which interest will be payable in cash) accruing on Tranche One Loans and Tranche Three Loans will be paid-in-kind on each Interest Payment Date by being added to the aggregate principal balance of the respective loans in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. Additional texts include Release of Claims, which in consideration of the Lender s and Agent s agreements contained in this Amendment, each of Holdings, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantor hereby releases and discharges the Lender and the Agent and their affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and attorneys (each, a Released Person of and from any and all other claims, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings or demands, whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law of any kind or character, known or unknown, which Holdings, the Borrower or the Subsidiary Guarantor ever had or now has against the Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person which relates, directly or indirectly, to any acts or omissions of the Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person relating to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document on or prior to the date hereof. 
 
 Accounting Treatment 
 
 In connection with the PDL Credit Agreement, as amended, we issued the PDL Warrant to the Lender. As of June 30, 2024, the Amended PDL Warrant has not been exercised. 
 
 Due to the PDL Eighth Credit Agreement Amendment, the calculations for the interest paid-in-kind and quarterly prepayment(s) were removed effective with the year ending on December 31, 2023. The Company concluded that the Company is encountering financial hardship and that a concession was not granted. As the Lender has not granted a concession, the guidance contained in ASC 470 - 50 Modification and Extinguishment was applied. Given the present value of the cash flows under the Eighth Credit Agreement Amendment differed by less than 10 from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the terms of the prior debt agreement, the debt was determined to be not substantially different which resulted in modification accounting. The Company did not have any debt issuance costs, only legal expenses. 

and , respectively (collectively the 2011 HealthCor Notes ). The 2011 HealthCor Notes have a maturity date of April 20, 2021. We also issued Warrants to HealthCor for the purchase of an aggregate of up to and shares, respectively, of our Common Stock at an exercise price of per share (collectively the 2011 HealthCor Warrants ). So long as no event of default has occurred, the outstanding principal balances of the 2011 HealthCor Notes accrue interest from April 21, 2011 through April 20, 2016 the First Five-Year Note Period at the rate of per annum, compounding quarterly and shall be added to the outstanding principal balances of the 2011 HealthCor Notes on the last day of each calendar quarter. Interest accruing from April 21, 2016 through April 20, 2021 the Second Five Year Note Period at a rate of per annum, compounding quarterly, may be paid quarterly in arrears in cash or, at our option, such interest may be added to the outstanding principal balances of the 2011 HealthCor Notes on the last day of each calendar quarter. For the period from April 21, 2016 through September 30, 2018 interest has been added to the outstanding principal balance. Pursuant to the terms of the Ninth Amendment, the accrual of interest has been suspended after September 30, 2018. From the date any event of default occurs, the interest rate, then applicable, shall be increased by five percent per annum. HealthCor has the right, upon an event of default, to declare due and payable any unpaid principal amount of the 2011 HealthCor Notes then outstanding, plus previously accrued but unpaid interest and charges, together with the interest then scheduled to accrue (calculated at the default rate described in the immediately preceding sentence) through the end of the First Five Year Note Period or the Second Five Year Note Period, as applicable. Subject to the terms of the Ninth Amendment as discussed below, HealthCor s ability to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid accrued interest on and principal balances of the 2011 HealthCor Notes into fully paid and nonassessable shares of our Common Stock has been eliminated. The warrants issued with this Note were cancelled with the Ninth-Amendment dated July 10, 2018. 

On March 30, 2023, HealthCor noteholders owning an aggregate of Replacement Notes, entered into a Replacement Note Conversion Agreement, wherein half, fifty percent, of the HealthCor Replacement Notes were converted into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share, resulting in the issuance of an aggregate of shares. The other related and non-related parties Replacement Notes of were likewise converted into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share, resulting in the issuance of a combined total aggregate of shares (the Conversion Shares ). The shares bear a lockup legend that expires December 31, 2023. 
 
 On May 24, 2023, HealthCor noteholders owning an aggregate of Replacement Notes, presented Conversion Notices, pursuant to the terms of the Replacement Note, for the conversion of the Replacement Notes into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share. The shares bear a lockup legend that expires December 31, 2023. 
 
 Accounting Treatment 
 
 When issuing debt or equity securities convertible into common stock at a discount to the fair value of the common stock at the date the debt or equity financing is committed, a company is required to record a beneficial conversion feature BCF charge. We had three separate issuances of equity securities convertible into common stock that qualify under this accounting treatment, (i) the 2011 HealthCor Notes, (ii) the 2012 HealthCor Notes and (iii) the 2014 HealthCor Notes. Because the conversion option and the 2011 HealthCor Warrants on the 2011 HealthCor Notes were originally classified as a liability when issued due to the down round provision and the removal of the provision requiring liability treatment, and subsequently reclassified to equity on December 31, 2011 when the 2011 HealthCor Notes were amended, only the accrued interest capitalized as payment in kind PIK since reclassification qualifies under this accounting treatment. We recorded an aggregate of and in interest for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to these transactions. For the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, we recorded and , respectively, of PIK related to the notes included in the HealthCor Purchase Agreement. The face amount of the 2012 HealthCor Notes, 2014 HealthCor Notes, the Fifth Amendment Notes and the Eighth Amendment Notes and all accrued PIK interest also qualify for BCF treatment as discussed above. Under the accounting standards, we determined that the restructuring of the HealthCor notes, pursuant to the terms of the Ninth Amendment, resulted in a troubled debt restructuring. As the future cash flows were greater than the carrying amount of the debt at the date of the amendment, we accounted for the change prospectively using the new effective interest rate. 
 
 Warrants were issued with the Fourth, Fifth, Eighth, Ninth, and Allonge 3 Amendment Notes and the proceeds were allocated to the instruments based on relative fair value as the warrants did not contain any features requiring liability treatment and therefore were classified as equity. At each amendment date, the warrants were recorded as debt discount, as a reduction of the net carrying amount of the debt. The debt discounts are amortized into interest expense each period under the effective interest method. The value allocated to the Ninth Amendment Warrants was . The value allocated to the Allonge 3 Amendment Warrants was . 

months (Lease through August 31, 2025). 
 
 On March 4, 2020, we entered into the Fourth Amendment to Commercial Lease Agreement (the Lease Extension ), wherein we extended the Lease through August 31, 2025. The Lease Extension contains a renewal provision under which the Lease has been extended for an additional five -year period under the same terms and conditions of the original Lease Agreement. 
 
 The Company has further concluded that the Lease Extension has no effects on the classification of the Lease. Rent expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 
 
 Undiscounted Cash Flows 
 
 Future lease payments included in the measurement of operating lease liability on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 , for the following five fiscal years and thereafter as follows: 

2025 
 Total minimum lease payments 
 Less effects of discounting 
 Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 General 
 
 The following discussion and analysis provide information which our management believes to be relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. This discussion should be read together with our financial statements and the notes to the financial statements, which are included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Report ). This information should also be read in conjunction with the information contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 29, 2024. The reported results will not necessarily reflect future results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Report ), the terms we, us, our, CareView, or Company refers to CareView Communications, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and unless otherwise specified, includes our wholly owned subsidiaries, CareView Communications, Inc., a Texas corporation CareView-TX and CareView Operations, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company CareView Operations (collectively known as the Company s Subsidiaries ). 
 
 We maintain a website at www.care-view.com and our Common Stock trades on the OTCQB under the symbol CRVW. 
 
 Company Overview and Recent Developments 
 
 As a leader in turnkey patient video monitoring solutions, CareView is redefining the standard of patient safety in hospitals and healthcare facilities across the country. For over a decade, CareView has relentlessly pursued innovative ways to increase patient protection, providing next generation solutions that lower operational costs and foster a culture of safety among patients, staff, and hospital leadership. With installations in more than 150 hospitals, CareView has proven that its innovative technology is creating a culture of patient safety where patient falls have decreased by 80 and sitter costs reduced by more than 65 . Anchored by the CareView Patient Safety System and CareView Patient Care System TM , this modular, scalable solution delivers flexible configurations to fit any facility while significantly increasing patient safety, care, and operational savings. All configurations feature HD cameras, high-fidelity 2-way audio/video, LCD displays for the ultimate in capability, flexibility, and affordability. 
 
 SitterView and TeleMedView allows hospital staff to use CareView s high-quality video cameras with pan-tilt-zoom and 2-way video functionality to observe and communicate with patients remotely. With CareView, hospitals are safely monitoring more patients while providing a higher level of care by leveraging CareView s patented technology, a portfolio that includes 40 patents. TeleMedView leverages the CareView Mobile Controller s built-in monitor and can work with the CareView Portable Controller as well. Usage of SitterView and TeleMedView has increased in response to a growing demand for remote patient monitoring driven by increasing demands for care and staffing shortages in the healthcare industry. 
 
 The CareView Patient Safety System enables virtual nursing workflows for patient observation, companionship, care concierge, and administrative tasks can ease workloads and improve care delivery. Hybrid patient care, the combination of bedside and virtual care, allows hospitals to keep nurses working at the top of their licenses and creates flexible and scalable workforce options. CareView s integrations with existing clinical workflow and patient engagement tools allow providers to access patient rooms virtually from within the EHR workflow. CareView then becomes the centralized hub for a patient-centric, interconnected virtual care system. 
 
 In October 2022, CareView received Innovative Technology Designation after the Innovative Technology Exchange in Dallas, Texas. Every year, healthcare experts serving on the member-led councils of Vizient, Inc., Vizient ), the nation s largest healthcare performance improvement company, review select products and technologies for their potential to enhance clinical care, patient safety, healthcare worker safety or to improve business operations of healthcare organizations. Vizient s diverse membership and customer base includes academic medical centers, pediatric facilities, community hospitals, integrated health delivery networks, and non-acute health care providers, and represents more than 130 billion in annual purchase volume. Technology designations are awarded to previously contracted products to signal to healthcare providers the impact of these innovations on patient care and business models of healthcare organizations. 
 
 CareView Patient Safety System 
 
 Our CareView Patient Safety System provides innovative ways to increase patient protection, provides advanced solutions that lower operational costs, and helps hospitals foster a culture of safety among patients, staff, and hospital leadership. We understand the importance of providing high quality patient care in a safe environment and believe in partnering with hospitals to improve the quality of patient care and safety by providing a system that monitors continuously. We are committed to providing an affordable video monitoring tool to improve the practice of nursing, create a better work environment and make the patient s hospital stay more satisfying. Our suite of products and services can simplify and streamline the task of preventing and managing patients falls, enhance patient safety, improve quality of care, and reduce costs. Our products and services can be used in all types of hospitals, nursing homes, adult living centers, and selected outpatient care facilities domestically and internationally. 
 
 The CareView Patient Safety System includes CareView s SitterView, providing a clear picture of up to 40 patients at once, allowing staff to intervene and document patient risks more quickly. SitterView features intuitive decision support pathway, guiding staff alarm response and pan- tilt-zoom functionality, allowing staff to home in on areas of interest. CareView s new Analytics Dashboard provides real-time metrics on utilization, compliance, and outcome data by day, week, month, and quarter. Outcomes are automatically compared to organizational goals to evaluate real-time ROI. 
 
 CareView s next generation of in-room camera; the CareView Controller features an HD camera, high-fidelity 2-way audio, and an LCD display, harnessing increased performance to deliver the ultimate in capability, flexibility, and affordability for all types of hospitals. Building on top of CareView s patented Virtual Bed Rails and Virtual Chair Rails predictive technology, the CareView Controller uses machine learning to differentiate between normal patient movements and behaviors of a patient at risk. This technology results in less false alarms, faster staff intervention, and a significant reduction in patient falls. 
 
 The CareView Controller is available in multiple configurations for permanent or temporary situations; the CareView Mobile, Portable, and Fixed Controller. For situations that demand that the camera come to the patient, the CareView Mobile Controller on wheels comes with an uninterrupted external power supply for situations where power may not be readily available and can operate on the facility s wireless network. For monitoring patients within a general care unit, the CareView Portable Controller can be easily removed from mounts and moved where the workflow dictates, making this application perfect for general use. For high-risk patient rooms where behavior and self-harm may be a factor, or where a patient must be continuously monitored, the CareView Fixed Controller can be installed seamlessly in the ceiling tiles leaving no exposed wiring making it ligature resistant. 
 
 The CareView Patient Safety System can be easily configured to meet the individual privacy and security requirements of any hospital or nursing facility. CareView is compliant with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA and certified by HITRUST. Additional HIPAA-compliant features allow privacy options to be enabled at any time by the patient, nurse, or physician. 
 
 CareView Patient Safety System Products and Services Agreement with Healthcare Facilities 
 
 CareView s subscription-based model is offered to healthcare facilities through a Products and Services Agreement (the P S Agreement(s) ). During the term of the P S Agreement, we provide continuous monitoring of the CareView Patient Safety System products and services deployed to a healthcare facility and maintain and service all equipment installed by us. Under the subscription-based model, terms of each P S Agreement require the healthcare facility to pay us a monthly fee based on the number of selected, installed, and activated services. None of the services provided through the Primary Package are paid or reimbursed by any third-party provider including insurance companies, Medicare, or Medicaid. We also enter into corporate-wide agreements with healthcare companies (the Master Agreement(s) ), wherein the healthcare companies enter into individual facility level agreements that are substantially like our P S Agreements. 
 
 Master Agreements and P S Agreements are currently negotiated for a period of three years with a provision for automatic renewal. P S Agreements specific to pilot programs P S Pilot Agreements contain pricing terms substantially like P S Agreements, are generally three or six-months in length and can be extended on a month-to-month basis as required. Regarding the subscription-based model, we own all rights, title, and interest in and to the equipment we install at each location and agree to maintain and repair it; although, we may charge for repairs or replacements due to damage or misuse. We are not responsible for maintaining data arising from use of the CareView Patient Safety System or for transmission errors, corruption or compromise of data carried over local or interchange telecommunication carriers. We grant each healthcare facility a limited, revocable, non-transferable, and nonexclusive license to use the software, network facilities, content, and documentation on and in the CareView Patient Safety System to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to access, explore and otherwise use the CareView Patient Safety System in real time. Such non-exclusive license expires upon termination of the P S Agreement. 
 
 We use specific terminology to better define and track the staging and billing of the individual components of the CareView Patient Safety System. The CareView Patient Safety System includes three components which are separately billed; the CareView Controller (previously known as RCP), the CareView SitterView Monitor, and the CareView Application Server (each component referred to as a unit ). The term bed refers to each healthcare facility bed as part of the overall potential volume that a healthcare facility represents. For example, if a healthcare facility has 200 beds, the aggregate of those beds is the overall potential volume of that healthcare facility. The term bed is often used interchangeably with CareView Controller as this component of the CareView Patient Safety System consistently resides within each room where the bed is located. On average, there are six SitterView Monitors for each 100 beds. The term deployed means that the units have been delivered to the healthcare facility but have not yet been installed at their respective locations within the facility. The term installed means that the units have been mounted and are operational. The term billable refers to the aggregate of all units on which we charge fees. Units become billable once they are installed and the required personnel have been trained in their use. Units are only deployed upon the execution of a P S Agreement or P S Pilot Agreement. 
 
 CareView Patent Safety System Sales-Based Model 
 
 CareView s sales-based model commenced with the introduction of our updated technology. CareView has also aligned its contracting model to meet the preferred acquisition model in the hospital industry. CareView now sells its proprietary equipment to facilities in lieu of lending the equipment as defined under the subscription-based model. In doing so, the facility is billed for the hardware on acceptance of the contract. After CareView s equipment is delivered to the facility, CareView begins the process of installing and securely integrating the equipment and software. Upon completion of installation, training, and go-live referring to all systems in full operation, CareView bills the facility for the installation, training, and an annual software license fee. CareView will continue to bill the facility an annual software license fee until the end of the contract. The shift to the sales-based model has an immediate impact on our operations resulting in greater cash flow within 30 days of contract signing. 
 
 CareView continues its dedication to provide service and support on a 24x7x365 basis for every customer under every contract. 
 
 CareView Connect 
 
 Our mission is to be the leading provider of resident monitoring products and services for the long-term care industry. We took what we learned in our medical facility business and applied it to developing a product to serve the long-term care market. With CareView Connect Quality of Life System CareView Connect ), CareView has again positioned itself as a technology leader with its innovative suite of products specifically designed for all aspects of the long-term care market, including Nursing Care, Home Care, Assisted Living and Independent Living. 
 
 With this mission in mind, in the second quarter of 2018, the Company introduced a new sensor product with application in both the assisted living center market and the home health market. CareView Connect leverages both passive and active sensors to track the activities of daily life. CareView Connect provides peace of mind by using data from the resident s activity, existing conditions, and environment to notify a caregiver of potential emergencies and identify the need for dignified support. CareView Connect consists of a small emergency assist button, two motion sensors, one sleep sensor, and one event sensor. Resident activity levels, medication administration, sleep patterns, and requests for assistance can all be monitored depending on which options are selected. 
 
 The skilled nursing home market consists of approximately 2,000,000 beds, which is double the size of the current hospital/healthcare facility bed market. The assisted living center market is even larger at approximately 3,000,000 beds. Our products flow naturally into the nursing home space as it is substantially the same setting as hospital rooms. 
 
 CareView Connect is a platform consisting of several products and applications targeted at improving the level of care and efficiency. CareView built a cohesive and tightly integrated solution that solves several problems that long-term care facilities face. We offer an array of wearable and stationary buttons that allow a resident to summon help either for an emergency or assistance, which can be anything from toileting help to assistance putting on their shoes. We offer a mobile app capable of delivering an alert to the caregiver and allows them to document information around that alert, how long before the alert was handled and, what was the cause of the alert, and if it was not acknowledged in a timely manner then the alert is escalated to another individual or group. This ensures that every alert is responded to in a timely manner and is verifiable. 
 
 Alert Management and Monitoring System 
 
 CareView Connect provides a suite of hardware and software that facilitates a data-driven solution for alert management and monitoring. CareView Connect s solution provides additional context, including location of the resident, which improves response time by the staff. The alert system includes a documentation platform that allows the facility s staff to classify the reason for alerts and provides metrics around response time. CareView Connect s solution involves several passive sensors that monitor the resident. 
 
 Caregiver Platform 
 
 The caregiver platform includes a Leave of Absence component, which allows the facility to document when the resident is outside of their room for a duration of time. This information is incorporated with known data from the workflows and sensors to improve awareness. The Caregiver Connect mobile application provides a convenient and intuitive interface to the CareView Connect platform. The caregiver can use the mobile app to capture important information and interface with critical workflows, such as acknowledging and documenting alert presses by the resident. CareView Connect also provides a product focused on capturing and measuring the mental state and pain experienced by the resident. How are you feeling today? provides a convenient way to capture information about the mental state of the resident using emojis. Similarly, What is your pain today? allows the staff to categorize and document pain. Connect Resident is a tablet application intended for the resident s direct use. This product currently supports video conferencing with a remote caregiver, becoming a communications conduit for telehealth. Connect Resident also supports How are you feeling today? , which allows the resident to submit this information directly. 
 
 Quality of Life Metrics 
 
 CareView developed its own algorithm for measuring quality of life based on best of breed research and leveraging the data collected by the platform. CareView Connect s Quality of Life Metrics focuses on several categories, including Physical Activity, Bodily Pain, General Health, Vitality, Social Interaction, Mental Health, and Sleep Quality. Leveraging this data, the facility and their staff have improved visibility into the health and well-being of their residents. By applying machine learning and predictive analytics, subtle patterns and trends that may not otherwise be visible become actionable. The facility can use this information to present a more compassionate and capable level of care, differentiating the facility from their competition. The Quality-of-Life Metrics information can be made available to the family and loved ones, opening a new channel of remote awareness and care. Because the information is collected automatically, the family gains awareness on issues of which their loved ones may normally be unaware. The Connect Family mobile application allows family members to monitor their loved one and receive alerts and notifications based on their preferences. 
 
 Pricing Structure and Revenue Streams 
 
 The CareView Connect suite of products and services offers multiple pricing models. We work with each facility on pricing to offer an affordable package based on the demographics of the residents of the facility. The pricing structure with each facility is negotiated separately. Typically, we offer the CareView Connect basic package at a price per monitored room with varying price structures based on number of sensors and number of residents in each facility. 
 
 Purchasing Agreement with Decisive Point Consulting Group, LLC 
 
 On February 2, 2021, we partnered with Decisive Point Consulting Group, a Department of Veterans Affairs Contractor Verification Enterprise (CVE) and a Verified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), to expand our reach within the VA hospitals and Community Living Centers space. Our partnership reflects our desire to collaborate with companies that share our vision of patient safety. We continue to use this partnership to contract with VA hospitals and their Community Living Centers CLC ). 
 
 Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quality (IDIQ) Contract 
 
 On September 10, 2021, the Company entered an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quality (IDIQ) contract for Telecare Services with Shore Systems and Solutions, LLC (S3). The award provides S3 with a path to providing the CareView System to veterans and their families receiving care at the 1,293 Veterans Health Administration VHA facilities across the United States and Territories. 

17

Table of Contents 

General Service Administration Multiple Award Schedule 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Company s General Service Administration GSA Multiple Award Schedule contract MAS ), the MAS allows us to sell the CareView System at a negotiated rate to the approximate 169 United States Department of Veterans Affairs VA facilities with over 39,000 licensed beds and the approximate 42 DOD hospitals with over 2,600 licensed beds. The sales-based model was added to the MAS, which allows us to sell the proprietary hardware and license the software on an annualized basis. The MAS is one of the most widely accepted government contract vehicles available to agency procurement officers. GSA s application process requires potential vendors to be recognized as highly credible and well established. CareView is the sole source provider. Our products and services represent an enormous opportunity to improve the health and safety of our Nation s veterans. 
 
 Group Purchasing Agreement with HealthTrust Purchasing Group, LP 
 
 On December 14, 2016, the Company entered a Group Purchasing Agreement with HealthTrust Purchasing Group, L.P. HealthTrust (the HealthTrust GPO Agreement ), the Nation s only committed-model Group Purchasing Organization GPO headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee. HealthTrust serves approximately 1,600 acute care facilities and members in more than 26,000 other locations, including ambulatory surgery centers, physician practices, long-term care, and alternate care sites. The agreement was effective on January 1, 2017 and all CareView System components and modules are available for purchase by HealthTrust s exclusive membership. HealthTrust members may order CareView s products and services included in the agreement directly from CareView. 
 
 On October 1, 2018, the Company added CareView Connect to the HealthTrust GPO Agreement. 
 
 On November 1, 2020, the sales-based contract model was added to the HealthTrust GPO Agreement which allows us to sell the proprietary hardware and license the software on an annualized basis. On December 1, 2021, the HealthTrust GPO Agreement was renewed for another 3-year term. We continue to work with HealthTrust and their members to expand contracts. 
 
 Group Purchasing Agreement with Premier, Inc. 
 
 On June 8, 2022 the Company entered a Group Purchasing Agreement with Premier, Inc. Premier ), headquartered in Charlotte, N.C. Premier is a leading healthcare improvement company, uniting an alliance of more than 4,400 U.S. hospitals and health systems and approximately 225,000 other providers and organizations to transform healthcare. The agreement was effective on June 15, 2022 and all Gen 5 CareView System components and modules are available for purchase by Premier s exclusive membership. Premier members may order CareView s products and services included in the agreement directly from CareView. We are continuing to work with Premier on new contracts. 
 
 Group Purchasing Agreement with Vizient 
 
 On February 15, 2023 the Company entered a Group Purchasing Agreement with Vizient, headquartered in Irving, TX. Vizient, the nation s largest health care performance improvement company, has a diverse membership and customer base, including academic medical centers, pediatric facilities, community hospitals, integrated health delivery networks, and non-acute health care providers, and represents more than 130 billion in annual purchasing volume. The multi-year agreement allows Vizient members the opportunity to benefit from pre-negotiated pricing for CareView products. The agreement was effective on February 15, 2023 and all Gen 5 CareView System components and modules are available for purchase by Vizients s exclusive membership. Vizient members may order CareView s products and services included in the agreement directly from CareView. We are continuing to work with Vizient on new contracts. 
 
 Group Purchasing Agreement with Panda Health 
 
 On January 1, 2024, the Company entered an agreement with Panda Health, a platform and marketplace connecting digital health and other information technology suppliers with Members and various services, relating to digital health solutions. Panda Health transforms how health systems connect with, explore, and adopt leading digital health technologies. Panda Health minimizes risk associated with digital health decisions, with processes and insights that are backed by thousands of data points, hundreds of solution evaluations, deep market intelligence, and an unmatched team of digital health advisors. The agreement was effective January 1, 2024 and is for a three-year term. 
 
 Summary of Product and Service Usage 
 
 Our contracts typically include multiple combinations of our products, software solutions, and related services with multiple payment options. Customers can continue to lease our equipment under our subscription model or can purchase our equipment upfront under our sales-based contract model with an auto-renewal at the end of each contract period. The new sales-based contract offers our customers the flexibility of capitalizing on their investment, which in turn, replenishes our cash reserves. For the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company executed sales-based contracts in approximate aggregated amounts of 8,223,000 and 4,309,000. 

18

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 

Three months ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

(000 s) 

Revenue 

1,932 

2,425 

(493) 

Operating expenses 

2,616 

2,469 

147 

Operating income 

(684) 

(44) 

(640) 

Other, net 

(786) 

(826) 

40 

Net loss 

(1,470) 

(870) 

(600) 

Revenue 
 
 Revenue decreased approximately 493,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease was attributable to no new customer equipment sales in the third quarter. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Our principal operating costs include the following items as a percentage of total operating expenses. 

Three months ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Human resource costs, including benefits and non-cash compensation 

72 

54 

Professional and consulting costs 

4 

8 

Depreciation and amortization 

2 

4 

Other product deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment costs 

4 

9 

Travel and entertainment expense 

2 

2 

Other expenses 

16 

23 

Operating expenses increased by a net 6 because of the following items: 

(000 s) 

Human resource costs, including benefits and non-cash compensation 

545 

Depreciation and amortization 

(28) 

Other product deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment expense 

(137) 

Professional and consulting costs 

(89) 

Travel and entertainment expense 

3 

Other expenses 

(147) 

147 

Human resource related costs (including salaries and benefits and non-cash compensation) increased approximately 545,000 due to higher payroll with more employees, 2024 stock option awards, and sales commissions during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Product deployment costs decreased approximately 137,000 due to decrease in cost of sales of hardware and associated installation, training and go-live. Professional and consulting costs decreased approximately 89,000 due to having employees vs. consultants. Travel and entertainment costs increased approximately 3,000 due to increase cost of travel. For the comparable periods, other expenses decreased approximately 147,000, primarily as a result of advertising and marketing, R D, business insurance and patent expenses. 

19

Table of Contents 

Other, net 
 
 Other non-operating income and expense decreased by approximately 40,000, or 5 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 in comparison to the same period in 2023, primarily because of no debt restructuring costs while earning higher interest with more cash in bank. 
 
 Net Loss 
 
 As a result of the factors above, our third quarter 2024 net loss of approximately 1,470,000, increased approximately 600,000, or 69 , as compared to approximately 870,000 net loss for the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Nine months ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

(000 s) 

Revenue 

6,109 

7,917 

(1,808) 

Operating expenses 

7,346 

7,657 

(311) 

Operating income 

(1,237) 

260 

(1,497) 

Other, net 

(2,363) 

(2,521) 

158 

Net loss 

(3,600) 

(2,261) 

(1,339) 

Revenue 
 
 Revenue decreased approximately 1,808,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease was attributable to only one new customer sale in the nine-month period. 
 
 Other, net increased approximately 158,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was attributable to the no debt restructuring costs while earning higher interest with more cash in bank. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Our principal operating costs include the following items as a percentage of total operating expense. 

Nine months ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Human resource costs, including benefits and non-cash compensation 

66 

54 

Professional and consulting costs 

6 

10 

Depreciation and amortization 

3 

5 

Other product deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment costs 

5 

8 

Travel and entertainment expense 

3 

3 

Other expenses 

17 

21 

Operating expenses decreased by a net 4 of approximately 311,000. The decrease was attributable to other expenses of approximately 389,000 less than comparable period from no debt-to-equity conversion costs, less advertising and marketing, renegotiated business insurance, less R D and no Dell financing. The Professional and consulting costs of approximately 288,000 lower than the comparable period is attributed to not using Centri Business Consulting, Danielle Lewis Marketing Services and attorneys. Additionally, lower depreciation and amortization and product deployment further netted out the increase in human resource related costs. 
 
 Net Loss 
 
 Year-To-date 2024 net loss of approximately 3,600,000 increased approximately 1,339,000 or 59 , as compared to approximately 2,261,000 net loss for the comparable nine months of 2023. 

20

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Accounting standards require management to evaluate whether the Company can continue as a going concern for a period of one year after the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q evaluation period ). In evaluating the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, management considers the conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months after the Company issues its financial statements. For the period ended September 30, 2024, management considers the Company s current financial condition and liquidity sources, including current funds available, forecasted future cash flows, and the Company s conditional and unconditional obligations due before November 13, 2025. 
 
 The Company is subject to risks like those of healthcare technology companies whereby revenues are generated based on both on a sales-based and subscription-based business model such as dependence on key individuals, uncertainty of product development, generation of revenues, positive cash flow, dependence on outside sources of capital, risks associated with research, development, and successful testing of its products, successful protection of intellectual property, ability to maintain and grow its customer base, and susceptibility to infringement on the proprietary rights of others. The attainment of profitable operations is dependent on future events, including obtaining adequate financing to fulfill the Company s growth and operating activities and generating a level of revenues adequate to support the Company s cost structure. 
 
 The Company has experienced net losses and significant cash outflows from cash used in operating activities over the past years. As of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 211,485,106, loss from operations of 1,470,655, net cash provided by operating activities of 392,966, and an ending cash balance of 1,400,386. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a working capital deficit of 40,269,985 consisting primarily of PDL notes payables including accrued interest. Management has evaluated the significance of the conditions described above in relation to the Company s ability to meet its obligations and concluded that, without additional funding, the Company will not have sufficient funds to meet its obligations within one year from the date the condensed consolidated financial statements were issued. While management will look to continue funding operations by increased sales volumes and raising additional capital from sources such as sales of its debt or equity securities or loans to meet operating cash requirements, there is no assurance that management s plans will be successful. The Company s net losses, cash outflows, and working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through November 13, 2025. 
 
 On March 8, 2022, we agreed with the HealthCor Parties to (i) amend the 2011 HealthCor Notes to extend the maturity date of the 2011 HealthCor Notes from April 20, 2022 to April 20, 2023 by entering into Allonge No. 4 to the 2011 HealthCor Notes (the Third 2011 Note Allonges and (ii) amend the 2012 HealthCor Notes to extend the maturity date of the 2012 HealthCor Notes from April 20, 2022 to April 20, 2023 by entering into Allonge No. 4 to the 2012 HealthCor Notes (the Fourth 2012 Note Allonges (such amendments to the 2011 HealthCor Notes and 2012 HealthCor Notes together, the HealthCor Note Extensions ). In connection with the HealthCor Note Extensions, we issued the HealthCor parties warrants to purchase an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price per share equal to 0.09 per share (subject to adjustment as described therein) and with an expiration date of March 08, 2032 (collectively the 2021 HealthCor Warrants ). 
 
 On December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a consent and agreement to cancel and exchange existing notes and issue replacement notes and cancel warrants (the Cancellation Agreement with certain holders (the Investors of senior secured convertible promissory notes Notes and warrants Warrants to purchase the Company s common stock, that were issued pursuant to the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2011 (as amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time) (the Purchase Agreement ). The Cancellation Agreement provided for the cancellation of all outstanding Notes and Warrants issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement in exchange for the issuance of replacement senior secured convertible promissory notes (the Replacement Notes with an aggregate principal amount of 44,200,000. The maturity date of the Replacement Notes was December 31, 2023. No interest accrues on the Replacement Notes. As of June 30, 2023, all replacement notes were converted into shares of the Company s common stock at 0.10 per share. 
 
 On March 30, 2023, investors holding an aggregate of 26,200,000 of Replacement Notes exercised their right to convert the debt into shares of the Company s common stock at 0.10 per share (the First Tranche ). Upon conversion, the Company issued the investors in the First Tranche an aggregate of 262,000,000 shares. The First Tranche only converted 50 of the HealthCor Replacement Notes. Due to the insufficient number of the Company s available authorized shares of common stock, a shareholder vote to authorize an increase in the Company s authorized shares of common stock to 800,000,000 was approved on May 26, 2023. 
 
 Effective May 22, 2023, the Company s increased its authorized shares of common stock from 500,000,000 shares to 800,000,000 shares. 

21

Table of Contents 

On May 24, 2023, noteholders owning an aggregate of 18,000,000 Replacement Notes, provided the Company with a Conversion Notice, pursuant to the terms of the Replacement Notes, to convert the Replacement Notes into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of 0.10 per share, resulting in the issuance of an aggregate of 180,000,000 shares. 
 
 Management continues to monitor the immediate and future cash flow needs of the Company in a variety of ways which include forecasted net cash flows from operations, capital expenditure control, new inventory orders, debt modifications, increases sales outreach, streamlining and controlling general and administrative costs, competitive industry pricing, sale of equities, debt conversions, new product or services offerings, and new business partnerships. 
 
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. This basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of the Company s assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. A successful transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of positive cash flows adequate to support the Company s cost structure. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Commission on March 29, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference, for detailed explanation of our critical accounting estimates, which have not changed significantly during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Recently Issued and Newly Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 We do not expect that the adoption of any recent accounting pronouncements will have a material impact on our accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Recent Events 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

22

Table of Contents 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), we carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our management, including Steve G. Johnson, our Chief Executive Officer CEO and principal executive officer, and Jason T. Thompson, our principal financial officer and chief accounting officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and principal financial and chief accounting officer, our management evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and principal financial and chief accounting officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 due to the continuing existence of a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below (which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures). Based on the performance of additional procedures designed to ensure the reliability of our financial reporting, we believe that the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods, presented, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). 
 
 Material Weakness and Remediation Plan 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has determined that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of the quarter ended September 30, 2024 due to the existence of the material weaknesses described below. 
 
 Management determined that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, due to the existence of the following material weaknesses: 

It was determined that the Company does not have effective controls over the identification and evaluation of the GAAP accounting for certain complex transactions in the areas of revenues, debt, and income taxes, due to a lack of technical expertise. 

Based on additional procedures and post-closing review, Management concluded that the consolidated financial statements including this report present fairly, in all material respects, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented, in conformity with accounting principles accepted in the United States. 
 
 We began to take steps to address our material weaknesses, through our remediation plan. We implemented the following measures: 

Identify and employ additional full-time highly qualified accounting personnel to join the corporate accounting function to enhance overall monitoring, maintain standard internal controls, and accounting oversight within the Company. 

Implement enhanced documentation associated with management review controls and validation of the completeness and accuracy of financial reporting and key management financial reports. 

Provide training of standard operating procedures and internal controls to key stakeholders within the supply chain, logistics, and inventory processes. 

Enhance and automate existing internal control to ensure proper authorization, review, and recording of financial transactions. 

On an as-needed basis, identify and engage certain third-party subject matter experts to assist with the preparation and reporting of complex business and accounting transactions. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluations pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Limitations on Controls 
 
 Our management can provide no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting can prevent all errors and all fraud under all circumstances. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been or will be detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

23

Table of Contents 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Our Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and as such, is not required to provide the information required under this Item. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 None . 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 Date of Document 
 Name of Document 

31.1 
 November 14, 2024 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Periodic Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14a and Rule 14d-14(a) 

31.2 
 November 14, 2024 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Periodic Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14a and Rule 15d-14(a) 

32 
 November 14, 2024 
 Certifications under Section 906 

101.SCH 
 n/a 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 n/a 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 n/a 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 n/a 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 n/a 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

24

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 DATE: November 14, 2024 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Steven G. Johnson 

Steven G. Johnson 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Jason T. Thompson 

Jason T. Thompson 

Principal Financial Officer 

Chief Accounting Officer 

25

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_715509.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_715509.htm 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 10-Q 

 EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Steven G. Johnson, certify that: 

(1) 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of CareView Communications, Inc. 

(2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

(3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 14, 2024 

/s/ Steven G. Johnson 

Steven G. Johnson 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex_715510.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_715510.htm 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 10-Q 

 EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jason T. Thompson, certify that: 

(1) 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of CareView Communications, Inc. 

(2) 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

(3) 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 14, 2024 

/s/ Jason T. Thompson 

Jason T. Thompson 

Principal Financial Officer 

Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex_715511.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

ex_715511.htm 

CAREVIEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 10-Q 

 EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 906 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of CareView Communications, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Quarterly Report for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 14, 2024 

/s/ Steven G. Johnson 

Steven G. Johnson 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

November 14, 2024 

/s/ Jason T. Thompson 

Jason T. Thompson 

Chief Accounting Officer 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 crvw-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 crvw-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 crvw-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 crvw-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 crvw-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

