<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1976663_0001477932-24-007084.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1345688</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>39143</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>330676</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>283201</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>286488</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>383822</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007084.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113134955
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007084
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nexscient, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001976663
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				922915192
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-274532
		FILM NUMBER:		241453041

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2029 CENTURY PARK EAST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 494-6620

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2029 CENTURY PARK EAST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007084.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 nexscient_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

nexscient_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______ to ______ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 7372 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , (Address of principal executive offices, including ZIP code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered --- --- --- Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No . As of November 13, 2024, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, par value, 0.001 per share. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other filings of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as well as information communicated orally or in writing between the dates of such filings, contains or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including without limitation, statements related to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks, trends and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected results. Among these risks, trends and uncertainties are the availability of working capital to fund our operations, the competitive market in which we operate, the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications systems, our ability to generate a profit and execute our business plan, the retention of key personnel, our ability to protect and defend our intellectual property, the effects of governmental regulation, and other risks identified in the Registrant s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Although the Registrant believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, the Registrant cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither the Registrant, nor any other person, assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of such statements. The Registrant is under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements contained herein after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. NEXSCIENT, INC. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I Financial Information F-1 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) F-1 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 3 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 5 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 5 Part II Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 7 Item 1A. Risk Factors 7 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 7 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 7 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 7 Item 5. Other Information 7 Item 6. Exhibits 8 Signatures 9 Certifications 2 Table of Contents NEXSCIENT, INC. BALANCE SHEETS (unaudited) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Right of use asset TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Right of use liability, current portion Total current liabilities Convertible debentures Right of use liability TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Preferred Stock shares authorized, par value, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively Common Stock shares authorized, par value, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY/(DEFICIT) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY/(DEFICIT) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-1 Table of Contents NEXSCIENT, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 REVENUES OPERATING EXPENSES Research and development General and administrative TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES NET LOSS BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER COMMON SHARE WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING BASIC AND DILUTED The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents NEXSCIENT, INC. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) (unaudited) Preferred Stock Shares Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Subscriptions Receivable Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Balance, June 30, 2023 - Stock issued for services - Stock issued for cash - Net loss - - Balance, September 30, 2023 - Balance, June 30, 2024 - Net loss - - Balance, September 30, 2024 - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-3 Table of Contents NEXSCIENT, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss for the period Amortization of prepaid stock-based compensation Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Shares issued for services Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable Accounts payable related party NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repayment of advance from related party Proceeds from shares issued for cash Proceeds from notes issued for cash Proceeds from subscriptions receivable NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET INCREASE IN CASH CASH AT BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD CASH AT END OF THE PERIOD The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements F-4 Table of Contents NEXSCIENT, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) Use of Estimates Concentrations of Credit Risk Cash F-5 Table of Contents Fair Value of Financial Instruments Accounting Standards Codification ASC 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , adopted January 1, 2008, defines fair value, establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The Company s financial instruments include cash, current receivables and payables. These financial instruments are measured at their respective fair values. The three levels are defined as follows: Level 1 - inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Level 2 - inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments. Level 3 - inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value. For cash, accounts payable, and due to related parties, it is management s opinion that the carrying values are a reasonable estimate of fair value because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and if applicable, their stated interest rate approximates current rates available. Research and Development and , respectively. Earnings (Loss) per Share Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements , as of September 30, 2024 and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management intends to finance operating costs over the twelve months with existing cash on hand and loans from directors, private placement of common stock, and/or a registered offering of its common stock. F-6 Table of Contents each in exchange for cash. The convertible debt is unsecured, bears interest at per annum shares, comprised of: (i) seventy-five million ) shares of Common Stock, par value per share (the Common Stock and (ii) shares of blank check Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Preferred Stock ). throughout the lease term. The Company recognized a right of use asset and liability of upon the commencement of the lease, using a discount rate of . Contingencies The Company may be subject to pending legal proceedings and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of business. The results of such proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, but the Company does not anticipate that the final outcome, if any, arising out of any such matters will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. . The terms of the convertible debentures are disclosed in Note 4. F-7 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Overview We were incorporated in the State of Delaware on March 14, 2023. We intend to offer a continuous, remote condition-based monitoring solution for manufacturers and continuous production facilities seeking to implement a Predictive Maintenance (PdM) program. Our platform leverages the latest IIoT technology with edge processing, machine-learning/AI algorithms, and Cloud computing infrastructure to collect, diagnose and transmit critical information about machine health and performance. Unlike other condition-monitoring programs on the market today, we take a unique approach by offering a remote, continuous monitoring solution that is autonomous and machine agnostic with no equipment purchase requirement. Designed as a scalable, stand-alone solution, our solution does not depend on integration with any control or IT system for its data source. Our design uses a mesh network of data collection nodes that are externally mounted to the outer casing of the equipment being monitored and data is collected via three on-board sensors, including acoustic, vibration and temperature. Compatible with virtually all rotating machinery, regardless of age, make, model or condition, the nodes collect and securely transmit pertinent data from the on-board sensors via a secure gateway to our Cloud-based analytics platform for processing and diagnosis. Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 The Company, which was incorporated on March 14, 2023 and has a June 30 fiscal year-end, has limited comparable history. Revenues We are in our development stage and have not generated revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. Operating Expenses For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred operating expenses of 127,630. Of the total, 69,864 was attributed to research and development activities related to the Company s SaaS platform, while the balance of these expenses incurred was related to general and administrative expenses, which include legal and accounting, travel and lodging, and consulting fees. When compared to operating expenses of 243,118 incurred during the same period last year, for the period ended September 30, 2023, we note a decrease of 48 due to a reduction of expenses related stock-based compensation. Net Loss For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred a net loss of 127,630, compared to 243,118 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of changes to operating expenses described above, while not generating any revenues in either period. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, the Company has 151,445 cash on hand, an accumulated net loss of 1,158,988, and no revenue to cover its operating costs. Our burn rate is approximately 27,500 per month. Presently, our operations are being funded by funds previously raised and we believe our currently available capital resources are sufficient to sustain our operations for a minimum of four (4) months. The Company intends to fund future operations through its registered offering of common stock and other public offerings or private financing arrangements. The ability of the Company to realize its business plan is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business plan. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 3 Table of Contents Cash Flow from Operating Activities For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the cash flows used in the Company s operating activities was 104,359, primarily used to fund development costs and general and administrative expenses. For the same three-month period ended September 30, 2023, the cash flows used in operating activities totaled 113,129, representing a 8 decrease compared to the same period last year. Cash Flow from Investing Activities For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not record any cash transactions from investing activities. Cash Flow from Financing Activities For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the net cash provided by financing activities by the Company was 180,000, as a result of proceeds received from the issuance of convertible debentures. During the same period last year, for the three months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided from financing activities total 346,798, which was related to proceeds received from the sale of our common stock. Contractual Obligations We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Future Financings We will continue to rely on equity sales of our common shares and debt proceeds in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund our operations and other activities. Expected Purchase or Sale of Significant Equipment We do not anticipate the purchase or sale of any significant equipment, as such items are not required by us at this time or in the next twelve months. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure In connection with the review of the financial statements of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were no disagreements on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosures, or scope or procedures, which disagreements if not resolved to their satisfaction would have caused them to make reference in connection with dbbmckennon s opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement. In connection with the financial statements of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2024, there have been no reportable events with the Company as set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 4 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies This summary of significant accounting policies is presented to assist in understanding the financial statements. The financial statements and notes are representations of the Company s management, who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to the United States of America US GAAP and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial statements. Stock-Based Compensation Stock-based compensation is accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 718-10 Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718-10 ). The Company measures all equity-based awards granted to employees, independent contractors and advisors based on the fair value on the date of the grant and recognizes compensation expense for those awards over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award. The Company classifies equity-based compensation expense in its statement of operations in the same manner in which the award recipient s payroll or contractor costs are classified or in which the award recipient s service payments are classified. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures also include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial officers concluded as of September 30, 2024, that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting discussed immediately below. Identified Material Weakness A material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Management identified the following material weakness during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting, which are primarily due to the size of the Company and available resources: Personnel: There are limited personnel to assist with the accounting and financial reporting function, which results in: (i) a lack of segregation of duties and (ii) controls that may not be adequately designed or operating effectively. Despite the existence of material weaknesses, the Company believes the financial information presented herein is materially correct and fairly presents the financial position and operating results of the three months ended September 30, 2024, in accordance with GAAP. The Company intends to seek qualified accounting staff to expand its internal accounting and reporting functions. 5 Table of Contents Audit Committee: We do not yet have an audit committee, and we lack a financial expert. Over the next few months, the Board expects to appoint an Audit Committee and to identify a committee Chairman who is an audit committee financial expert as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and as adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting subsequent to the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, which were identified in connection with our management s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. The Company is not required by current SEC rules to include, and does not include, an auditor s attestation report. The Company s registered public accounting firm has not attested to Management s reports on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Limitations of the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Internal Controls Our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 6 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings From time to time, the Company may become subject to various legal proceedings that are incidental to the ordinary conduct of its business. Although the Company cannot accurately predict the amount of any liability that may ultimately arise with respect to any of these matters, it makes provision for potential liabilities when it deems them probable and reasonably estimable. These provisions are based on current information and legal advice and may be adjusted from time to time according to developments. We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. Item 1A. Risk Factors We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures N/A Item 5. Other Information None. 7 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on March 14, 2023 (1) 3.2 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated May 9, 2023 (1) 3.3 Bylaws (1) 10.1 Bookkeeping Services Agreement with David E. Tannous, dated March 23, 2023 (2) 10.2 Board Member Consulting Agreement Eric Manlunas, dated May 17, 2023 (2) 10.3 Consulting Agreement with MJP Consulting, LLC, dated June 1, 2023 (2) 10.4 Software Development Agreement with CORSAC Technologies dated October 2, 2023 (2) 10.5 Consulting Agreement with Craig Truempi, dated January 10, 2024 (3) 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 31.2 Certification of the Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 32.2 Certification of the Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) (1) Previously filed as an exhibit to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with SEC on September 21, 2023, incorporated herein by reference. (2) Previously filed as an exhibit to Registration Statement, as amended, on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 19, 2023, incorporated herein by reference. (3) Previously filed as an exhibit to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 filed with the SEC on October 1, 2024, incorporated herein by reference. ) This exhibit is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall such exhibit be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise stated in such filing. 8 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Nexscient, Inc. Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Fred E. Tannous Fred E. Tannous Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Michael J. Portera Michael J. Portera Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 9 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 nexscient_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nexscient_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Fred E. Tannous, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the period ended September 30, 2024; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As the Registrant s certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. As the Registrant s certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Nexscient, Inc. Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Fred E. Tannous Name: Fred E. Tannous Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 nexscient_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nexscient_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael J. Portera, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the period ended September 30, 2024; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As the Registrant s certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. As the Registrant s certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Nexscient, Inc. Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Michael J. Portera Name: Michael J. Portera Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 nexscient_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nexscient_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Nexscient, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned Fred E. Tannous, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Nexscient, Inc. Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Fred E. Tannous Name: Fred E. Tannous Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 nexscient_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nexscient_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Nexscient, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned Michael J. Portera, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Nexscient, Inc. Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Michael J. Portera Name: Michael J. Portera Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nexscient-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nexscient-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nexscient-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nexscient-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

