<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241219_10-K-A_edgar_data_1956744_0001493152-24-050661.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3654737</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>182644</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>675326</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1250477</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>642991</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>812258</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-050661.hdr.sgml : 20241219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241218173607
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-050661
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SRM Entertainment, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001956744
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GAMES, TOYS & CHILDREN'S VEHICLES (NO DOLLS & BICYCLES) [3944]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				320686534
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41768
		FILM NUMBER:		241560368

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1061 E. INDIANTOWN RD.
		STREET 2:		STE 110
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477
		BUSINESS PHONE:		407-230-8100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1061 E. INDIANTOWN RD.
		STREET 2:		STE 110
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-050661.txt : 20241219

10-K/A
 1
 form10-ka.htm

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Amendment
No. 1) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such fi les). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Accelerated
 filer 
 Emerging
 Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The registrant was t a public company as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter and therefore
cannot calculate the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of such date. 

The
number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of March 29, 2024, was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 4 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 5 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 18 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 18 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 19 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 19 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 19 

PART II 
 19 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 19 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 20 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 20 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 24 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 24 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 24 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 25 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 26 

PART III 
 26 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 26 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 30 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
 32 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 33 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 33 

PART IV 
 34 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 34 

SIGNATURES 
 35 

2 

 Table of Contents 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes the accounts of SRM Entertainment, Inc., a Nevada corporation SRM ). References in
this Report to we , our , us . SRM , or the Company refer to SRM Entertainment,
Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary unless the context dictates otherwise. 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements in this report, including information incorporated by reference, are forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements reflect current views about future events and financial
performance based on certain assumptions. They include opinions, forecasts, intentions, plans, goals, projections, guidance, expectations,
beliefs or other statements that are not statements of historical fact. Words such as will, may, should, 
 could, would, expects, plans, believes, anticipates, 
 intends, estimates, approximates, predicts, forecasts, potential, 
 continue, or projects, or the negative or other variation of such words, and similar expressions may identify
a statement as a forward-looking statement. Any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated
growth and trends in our businesses, our goals, strategies, focus and plans, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances,
including statements expressing general optimism about future operating results and the development of our products, are forward-looking
statements. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can
only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation,
those specifically addressed under the heading Risk Factors below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The public can read
and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You can
obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the
SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 

We
undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise
after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout
the entirety of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect
our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General
Overview 

SRM
Entertainment, Inc. SRM Inc is a Nevada corporation and was incorporated on April 22, 2022. SRM. Entertainment Limited SRM Ltd ), is a limited company incorporated in the Hong Kong, now a Special Administrative Region of the People s
Republic of China, on January 23, 1981 and formerly owned by Jupiter Wellness, Inc.. Effective August 14, 2023, SRM Inc acquired SRM
Ltd. The acquisition of SRM Ltd by SRM Inc has been accounted for as a Reverse Acquisition (see Basis of Presentation below). The combined
SRM Inc and SRM Ltd are collectively referred to as the Company or SRM. 

On
December 9, 2022, we entered into a stock exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with Jupiter Wellness, Inc. Jupiter to govern the separation of our business from Jupiter. On May 26, 2023, we amended and restated the Exchange Agreement (the Share
Exchange to include additional information regarding the distribution and the separation of our business from Jupiter. The separation
as set forth in the Share Exchange with Jupiter closed August 14, 2023. Pursuant to the Share Exchange, on May 31, 2023, we issued 6,500,000
shares of our common stock (representing 79.3 of our outstanding shares of common stock) to Jupiter in exchange for 2 ordinary shares
of SRM Ltd (representing all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of SRM Ltd). As of March 20, 2024, Jupiter owns 35 shares of our common stock. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of US Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The acquisition
of SRM Ltd and SRM Inc occurred on August 14, 2023. The financial statements are prepared using Reverse Acquisition Accounting and as
such, for legal purposes SRM Inc was the acquiring company and for GAAP accounting, SRM Ltd was the acquiring company. Therefore, the
financial statements are presented using the historical financial statements of SRM Ltd. 

Business

The
Company is a trusted toy and souvenir designer and developer, selling into the world s largest theme parks and entertainment venues. 

Our
business is built on the principle that almost everyone is a fan of something and the evolution of pop culture is leading to increasing
opportunities for fan loyalty. We create whimsical, fun and unique products that enable fans to express their affinity for their favorite
 something whether it is a movie, TV show, favorite celebrity, or favorite restaurant. We infuse our distinct designs
and aesthetic sensibility into a wide variety of product categories, including figures, plush, accessories, apparel, and homewares. With
our unique style, expertise in pop culture, broad product distribution and highly accessible price points, we have developed a passionate
following for our products that has underpinned our growth. We believe we sit at the nexus of pop culture content providers value
us for our broad network of retail customers, retailers value us for our portfolio of pop culture products and pop culture insights,
and consumers value us for our distinct, stylized products and the content they represent. 

Pop
culture pervades modern life and almost everyone is a fan of something. Today, more quality content is available and technology innovation
has made content accessible anytime, anywhere. As a result, the breadth and depth of pop culture fandom resembles, and in many cases
exceeds, the type of fandom previously associated only with sports. Everyday interactions at home, work or with friends are increasingly
influenced by pop culture. 

We
have invested strategically in our relationships with key constituents in pop culture. Content providers value us for our broad network
of retail customers and retailers value us for our pop culture products, pop culture insights and ability to drive consumer traffic.
Consumers, who value us for our distinct, stylized products, remain at the center of everything we do. 

Content
Providers : We have licensing relationships with many established content providers, and our products appear in venues
such as Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, Universal Studios, SeaWorld, Cedar Fair, Herschend Family Entertainment and Merlin Entertainment.
We currently have licenses with Smurfs, The ICEE Company and Zoonicorn LLC, from which we can create multiple products based on each
character within. Content providers trust us to design, create and manufacture unique, stylized extensions of their intellectual property
that extend the relevance of their content with consumers through ongoing engagement, helping to maximize the lifetime value of their
content. 

Consumers :
Fans are increasingly looking for ways to express their affinity for and engage with their favorite pop culture content. Over time, many
of our consumers evolve from occasional buyers to more frequent purchasers, whom we categorize as enthusiasts or collectors. We create
innovative products to appeal to a broad array of fans across consumer demographic groups men, women, boys and girls not
a single, narrow demographic. We currently offer an array of products that sell across several categories. Our products are generally
priced between 2.50 and 50.00, which allows our diverse consumer base to express their fandom frequently and impulsively. We continue
to introduce innovative products designed to facilitate fan engagement at different price points and styles. 

We
have developed a nimble and low-fixed cost production model. The strength of our management team and relationships with content
providers, retailers and third-party manufacturers allows us to move from product concept to a new product tactfully. As a result,
we can dynamically manage our business to balance current content releases and pop culture trends with timeless content based on
classic movies, such as Harry Potter or Star Wars. This has allowed us to deliver significant growth while lessening our dependence
on individual content releases. 

Recent
Developments 

On
December 8, 2022, the Company entered into the Exchange Agreement with Jupiter Wellness, Inc. Jupiter to govern the separation
of the Company s business from Jupiter. On May 26, 2023, the parties entered into the Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement to
include additional information regarding the distribution and separation of our business from Jupiter under the terms of which, Jupiter
acquired 6,500,000 shares of common stock on May 31, 2023, in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of SRM Limited,
an entity formed in Hong Kong in 1981 and acquired by Jupiter in 2020. The 6.5 million newly-issued shares of the common stock represented
approximately 79.3 of the outstanding shares post-issuance. Jupiter distributed 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock
to Jupiter s stockholders and certain warrant holders (the Distribution ). The Distribution occurred on the effective
date of the Registration Statement but prior to the closing of the IPO. Following the Distribution, Jupiter owns 4.5 million of the 9,450,000
shares of common stock outstanding and SRM Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Pursuant
to the IPO, the Company sold 1,250,000 shares of common stock at a price of 5.00 per share, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company
of approximately 6.25 million. Net proceeds to the Company, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses
paid by the Company, were approximately 5.3 million. All shares sold in our IPO were registered pursuant to the Registration Statement,
declared effective by the SEC on August 14, 2023. EF Hutton acted as lead book-running manager for the offering and Dominari Securities
LLC acted as co-manager for the offering. The underwriters did not exercise their option to purchase up to an additional 187,500 shares
of common stock. The Company paid the underwriters an underwriting discount of eight percent (8 of the amount raised in the offering.
Additionally, as partial consideration for services rendered in connection with the offering, the Company issued EF Hutton warrants to
purchase an aggregate of 57,500 shares of common stock, representing 4.0 of the aggregate shares sold in the offering. The warrants
are exercisable at 6.00 per share, which represents 120 of the initial public offering price per share in the IPO, at any time and
from time to time, in whole or in part, commencing on February 10, 2024, 180 days from the effective date of the Registration Statement,
and expiring on August 14, 2028. The Company has applied the net proceeds from the IPO for the development of licensed goods, expansion
of SRM products, increased deposits, accounts receivable and inventory, marketing, advertising, and trade shows, general administrative
expenses, repayment of a promissory note payable to Jupiter Wellness, and general corporate purposes. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We expect our results of operations to fluctuate
on a quarterly and annual basis, which could cause our stock price to fluctuate or decline. 

Our results of operations are difficult to predict
and may fluctuate substantially from quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our control.
If our actual results were to fall below our estimates or the expectations of public market analysts or investors, our quarterly and annual
results would be negatively impacted and the price of our stock could decline. Other factors that could affect our quarterly and annual
operating results include, but are not limited to: 

changes in the pricing policies of, or the introduction of new products by, us or our competitors; 

introductions of new technologies and changes in consumer preferences that result in either unanticipated or unexpectedly rapid product category shifts; 

slow or negative growth in the toy, souvenir, theme park, and related markets; 

seasonal shifts in end-market demand for our products; 

delays in the introduction of new products by us or market acceptance of these products; 

unanticipated decreases or delays in purchases of our products by our significant retailers, distributors and other channel partners; 

supply constraints from our vendors; 

5 

 Table of Contents 

unanticipated increases in costs, including air freight, associated with shipping and delivery of our products; 

the inability to maintain stable operations by our suppliers and other parties with whom we have commercial relationships; 

discovery of security vulnerabilities in our products, services or systems, leading to negative publicity, decreased demand or potential liability; 

foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in the jurisdictions where we transact sales and expenditures in local currency; 

excess levels of inventory and low turns; 

changes in or consolidation of our sales channels and wholesale distributor relationships or failure to manage our sales channel inventory and warehousing requirements; 

delay or failure to fulfill orders for our products on a timely basis; 

delay or failure of our retailers, distributors and other channel partners to purchase at their historic volumes or at the volumes that they or we forecast; 

changes in tax rates or adverse changes in tax laws that expose us to additional income tax liabilities; 

changes in U.S. and international tax policy, including changes that adversely affect customs, tax or duty rates, as well as income tax legislation and regulations that affect the countries where we conduct business; 

operational disruptions, such as transportation delays or failure of our order processing system, particularly if they occur at the end of a fiscal quarter; 

disruptions or delays related to our financial and enterprise resource planning systems; 

our inability to accurately forecast product demand, resulting in increased inventory exposure; 

allowance for doubtful accounts exposure with our existing retailers, distributors and other channel partners and new retailers, distributors and other channel partners, particularly as we expand into new international markets; 

geopolitical disruption, including sudden changes in immigration policies, leading to disruption in our workforce or delay or even stoppage of our operations in manufacturing, transportation, technical support and research and development; 

terms of our contracts with channel partners or suppliers that cause us to incur additional expenses or assume additional liabilities; 

an increase in price protection claims, redemptions of marketing rebates, product warranty and stock rotation returns or allowance for doubtful accounts; 

litigation involving alleged patent infringement; 

epidemic or widespread product failure, or unanticipated safety issues, in one or more of our products; 

failure to effectively manage our third-party customer support partners, which may result in customer complaints and/or harm to the SRM brand; 

our inability to monitor and ensure compliance with our code of ethics, our anti-corruption compliance program and domestic and international anti-corruption laws and regulations, whether in relation to our employees or with our suppliers or retailers, distributors or other channel partners; 

6 

 Table of Contents 

labor unrest at facilities managed by our third-party manufacturers; 

workplace or human rights violations in certain countries in which our third-party manufacturers or suppliers operate, which may affect the SRM brand and negatively affect our products acceptance by consumers; 

unanticipated shifts or declines in profit by geographical region that would adversely impact our tax rate; 

failure to implement and maintain the appropriate internal controls over financial reporting, which may result in restatements of our financial statements; and 

any changes in accounting rules. 

As a result, period-to-period comparisons of our results
of operations may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on them as an indication of our future performance. 

Our use of third-party manufacturers to produce
our products presents risks to our business. 

We use third-party manufacturers to manufacture all
of our products, and have historically concentrated production with a small number of manufacturers and factories. As a result, the loss
or unavailability of one of our manufacturers or one of the factories in which our products are produced, even on a temporary basis, could
have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. This risk is exacerbated by the fact that we do
not have long-term contracts with our manufacturers. While we believe our external sources of manufacturing could be shifted, if necessary,
to alternative sources of supply, we would require a significant period of time to make such a shift. We may also be required to seek
out additional manufacturers in response to increased demand for our products, as our current manufacturers may not have the capacity
to increase production. If we were prevented from or delayed in obtaining a material portion of the products produced by our manufacturers,
or if we were required to shift manufacturers (assuming we would be able to do so), our sales and profitability could be significantly
reduced. 

In addition, while we require that our products supplied
by third-party manufacturers be produced in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and we have the right to monitor compliance
by our third-party manufacturers with our manufacturing requirements and to oversee the quality control process at our manufacturers 
factories, there is always a risk that one or more of our third-party manufacturers will not comply with our requirements, and that we
will not immediately discover such non-compliance. Any failure of our third-party manufacturers to comply with such requirements in manufacturing
products for us could result in damage to our reputation, harm our brand image and sales of our products and potentially create liability
for us. 

Monitoring compliance by independent manufacturers
is complicated by the fact that expectations of ethical business practices continually evolve, may be substantially more demanding than
applicable legal requirements and are driven in part by legal developments and by diverse groups active in publicizing and organizing
public responses to perceived ethical shortcomings. Accordingly, we cannot predict how such expectations might develop in the future and
cannot be certain that our manufacturing requirements, even if complied with, would satisfy all parties who are active in monitoring and
publicizing perceived shortcomings in labor and other business practices worldwide. 

Additionally, the third-party manufacturers that produce
most of our products are located in China. As a result, we are subject to various risks resulting from our international operations. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

High levels of competition
and low barriers to entry make it difficult to achieve, maintain, or build upon the success of SRM s brands, products, and product
lines. 

SRM faces competitors who
are also constantly monitoring and attempting to anticipate consumer tastes, seeking ideas which will appeal to consumers, and introducing
new products that compete with SRM s products. In addition, competition for access to entertainment properties has and may continue
to lessen SRM s ability to secure, maintain, and renew popular licenses to entertainment products developed by other parties and
licensed to SRM, or require SRM to pay licensors higher royalties and higher minimum guaranteed payments to obtain or retain these licenses.
As a licensee of entertainment properties, SRM has no guarantee that a particular property or brand will translate into a successful toy,
game, or other product. In addition, the barriers to entry for new participants in the toy products industry and entertainment industry
are low. In a very short period of time, new market participants with a popular product idea or entertainment property can become a significant
source of competition for SRM and its products. Reduced demand for SRM s brands, products, and product lines as a result of these
factors may adversely affect SRM s business, financial condition, and results of operations. Some of our competitors may have greater
resources than the Company. In order to compete successfully, SRM may have to lower prices and increase marketing expenses which could
result in reduced margins. 

SRM is not always able
to successfully identify and/or satisfy consumer preferences, which could cause its business, financial condition, and results of operations
to be adversely affected. 

SRM s business and
operating results depend largely upon the appeal of its products, driven by both innovation and marketing. Consumer preferences are continuously
changing. SRM is not always able to identify trends in consumer preferences or identify and satisfy consumer preferences in a timely manner.
Significant, sudden shifts in demand are caused by popular toys which steer trends, which are often unpredictable. SRM offers a diverse
range of products for all ages and families that includes, among others, toys for toddlers and preschoolers, toys for school-aged children,
toys for all ages, and media-driven products. SRM competes domestically and internationally with a wide range of large and small manufacturers,
marketers, and sellers of toys, and consumer goods, as well as retailers, which means that SRM s market position is always at risk.
SRM s ability to maintain its current product sales and increase its product sales or establish product sales with new, innovative
toys, depends on SRM s ability to satisfy play preferences, enhance existing products, develop and introduce new products, and achieve
market acceptance of these products. These challenges are intensifying due to trends towards shorter life cycles for individual toy products,
the phenomenon of children outgrowing traditional toys at younger ages, an increasing use of more sophisticated technology in toys, and
an evolving path to purchase. 

General economic conditions
may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our results can be impacted by a number of macroeconomic
factors, including but not limited to consumer confidence and spending levels, tax rates, unemployment, consumer credit availability,
raw materials costs, pandemics (such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic) and natural disasters, fuel and energy costs (including oil prices),
and credit market conditions. A general economic slowdown or recession resulting in a decrease in discretionary spending could adversely
affect the frequency with which guests choose to visit our parks and the amount that our guests spend when they visit. 

Additionally, difficult economic conditions throughout
the world, including global supply chain issues, could impact our ability to obtain supplies, services and credit as well as the ability
of third parties to meet their obligations to us, including, for example, manufacturers ability to supply rides, payment of claims
by our insurance carriers, funding of our lines of credit, or payment by our international agreement partner. Changes in exchange rates
for foreign currencies could increase our labor and supply costs or reduce the U.S. dollar value of revenue we earn in other markets,
including, but not limited to, Beijing, Japan, and Europe. 

In addition, availability of our products from third-party
manufacturers and our ability to distribute our products into non-U.S. jurisdictions may be impacted by factors such as an increase in
duties, tariffs or other restrictions on trade; raw material shortages, work stoppages, strikes and political unrest; economic crises
and international disputes or conflicts; changes in leadership and the political climate in countries from which we import products; and
failure of the United States to maintain normal trade relations with China and other countries. While China currently enjoys most
favored nation trading status with the United States, the ability of the United States to revoke that status and to impose higher
tariffs on products imported from China, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Failure to successfully
implement new initiatives or meet product introduction schedules can have an adverse effect on SRM s business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

SRM has in the past announced, and in the future may
announce, initiatives to reduce its costs, optimize its manufacturing footprint, increase its efficiency, improve the execution of its
core business, globalize and extend SRM s brands, catch new trends, create new brands, offer new innovative products and improve
existing products, enhance product safety, develop people, improve productivity, simplify processes, and maintain customer service levels,
as well as initiatives designed to drive sales growth, capitalize on SRM s scale advantage, and improve its supply chain. These
initiatives involve investment of capital and complex decision-making as well as extensive and intensive execution, and the success of
these initiatives is not assured. Failure to achieve any of these initiatives could harm SRM s business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

From time to time, SRM anticipates introducing new
products, product lines, or brands at a certain time in the future. There is no guarantee that SRM will be able to manufacture, source,
ship, and distribute new or continuing products in a timely manner and on a cost-effective basis. Unforeseen delays or difficulties in
the development process or significant increases in the planned cost of development for new SRM products may cause the introduction date
for products to be later than anticipated or, in some situations, may cause a product or new product introduction to be discontinued.
Failure to successfully implement any of these initiatives or launches, or the failure of any of these initiatives or launches to produce
the results anticipated by management, could have an adverse effect on SRM s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Bad or extreme weather conditions and forecasts
of bad or mixed weather conditions, which may be due to climate change, can adversely impact attendance at parks where our products are
sold. 

Because most of our products are sold at parks, and
attendance at parks may be adversely affected by bad or extreme weather conditions and forecasts that may be a result of climate change,
such bad or extreme weather conditions and forecasts may negatively affect our revenues. The effects of bad weather on attendance can
be more pronounced at waterparks. We believe our operating results in certain years were adversely affected by abnormally hot, cold and/or
wet weather in a number of our major U.S. markets. In addition, since a number of products are featured in parks geographically concentrated
in portions of the United States, a weather pattern that affects those respective areas could adversely affect a number of our parks and
disproportionately impact our results of operations. Bad weather and forecasts of bad weather on weekends, holidays or other peak periods
will typically have a greater negative impact on our revenues and could disproportionately impact our results of operations. 

SRM s business
is highly seasonal, and its operating results depend, in large part, on sales during the relatively brief traditional holiday season.
Events that disrupt SRM s business during its peak demand times can adversely and disproportionately affect SRM s business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

SRM s business is subject to risks associated
with the underproduction of popular toys and the overproduction of toys that are less popular with consumers. SRM attempts to manage their
inventories tightly, which requires SRM to ship products closer to the expected date SRM sells the products to consumers. This in turn
results in shorter lead times for production. These factors may decrease sales or increase the risks that SRM may not be able to meet
demand for certain products at peak demand times or that SRM s own inventory levels may be adversely impacted by the need to pre-build
products before orders are placed. 

In addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of
SRM s business, SRM may be adversely affected, in a manner disproportionate to the impact on a company with sales spread more evenly
throughout the year, by unforeseen events, such as public health crises and pandemics, terrorist attacks, economic shocks, severe weather
due to climate change or otherwise, earthquakes or other catastrophic events, that harm the retail environment or consumer buying patterns
during its key selling season, or by events, such as strikes, disruptions in transportation, or port delays, that interfere with the manufacture
or shipment of goods during the critical months leading up to the purchasing season. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

We could be subject to future product liability
suits or product recalls which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

As a company that designs and sells consumer products,
we may be subject to product liability suits or involuntary product recalls, or may choose to voluntarily conduct a product recall. While
costs associated with product liability claims and product recalls have generally not been material to our business, the costs associated
with future product liability claims or product recalls in any given fiscal year, individually or in the aggregate, could be significant.
In addition, any product recall, regardless of the direct costs of the recall, could harm consumer perceptions of our products, subject
us to additional government scrutiny, divert development and management resources, adversely affect our business operations and otherwise
put us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other companies in our industry, any of which could have a significant adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations. 

SRM s business
depends in large part on the success of its vendors and outsourcers, and SRM s brands and reputation are subject to harm from actions
taken by third parties that are outside SRM s control. In addition, any significant failure, inadequacy, or interruption from such
vendors or outsourcers could harm SRM s ability to effectively operate its business. 

As a part of its efforts to cut costs, achieve better
efficiencies, and increase productivity and service quality, SRM relies significantly on vendor and outsourcing relationships with third
parties for services and systems including manufacturing, transportation, logistics, and information technology. Any shortcoming of a
SRM vendor or outsourcer, particularly an issue affecting the quality of these services or systems, results in risk of damage to SRM s
reputation and brand value, and potentially adverse effects to SRM s business, financial condition, and results of operations. In
addition, problems with transitioning these services and systems to, or operating failures with, these vendors and outsourcers cause delays
in product sales and reduce the efficiency of SRM s operations, and significant capital investments could be required to remediate
the problem. 

SRM depends on key
personnel and may not be able to hire, retain, and integrate sufficient qualified personnel to maintain and expand its business. 

SRM s future success
depends partly on the continued contribution of key executives, designers, and technical, sales, marketing, manufacturing, entertainment,
and other personnel. The loss of services of any of SRM s key personnel could harm SRM s business. Recruiting and retaining
skilled personnel is costly and highly competitive. In addition, changes to SRM s current and future work environments may not meet
the needs or expectations of its employees or be perceived as less favorable compared to other companies policies, which could
negatively impact SRM s ability to hire and retain qualified personnel. If SRM fails to retain, hire, train, and integrate qualified
employees and contractors, SRM may not be able to maintain or expand its business. 

The loss of any member of
our senior management team, or of any other key employees, or the inability to successfully complete planned management transitions, could
impair our ability to execute our business plan and could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. We do not currently maintain key man life insurance policies on any member of our senior management team or
on our other key employees. 

Failure to keep pace
with developments in technology could adversely affect our operations or competitive position. 

The theme park and waterpark
industry demands the use of sophisticated technology and systems for operation of our parks, ticket, membership and season pass sales
and management, and labor and inventory management. Information technology systems continue to evolve and, in order to remain competitive,
we must implement new technologies and systems in a timely and efficient manner. The development and maintenance of these technologies
may require significant investment by us and we may not achieve the anticipated benefits from such new developments or upgrades. 

Increases in labor
costs and employee health and welfare benefits could have a negative impact on our cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Labor is a primary component
in the cost of operating our business. We devote significant resources to recruiting and training our employees in order to meet our guests 
high expectations for service. Wage and benefit increases to attract and retain employees in a tight labor market have driven-up labor
costs. These increased costs pressure our margins and could have a negative impact on our financial results. Our ability to control labor
costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates, unemployment levels,
and health and other insurance costs, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations, minimum wage, and
healthcare benefits. Further legislative changes or competitive wage rates could continue to increase these expenses in the future. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Disruptions in SRM s
manufacturing operations or supply chain due to political instability, civil unrest, or disease could adversely affect SRM s business,
financial position, sales, and results of operations. 

SRM primarily utilizes third-party manufacturers and
suppliers throughout Asia. The risk of political instability and civil unrest exists in certain of these countries, which could temporarily
or permanently damage the manufacturing operations of SRM and/or its third-party manufacturers located there. Outbreaks of communicable
diseases have also been known to occur in these countries. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic began in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China and
has caused supply chain disruption for SRM, its suppliers, and its customers that contributed to lower net sales in the first half of
2020 and may cause lower net sales to the extent they remain issues in the future. Other disruptions from public health crises such as
these result from, among other things, workers contracting diseases, restrictions on factory openings, restrictions on travel, restrictions
on shipping, and the closure of critical infrastructure. The design, development, and manufacture of SRM s products could suffer
if SRM s employees or the employees of its third-party manufacturers or their suppliers contract communicable diseases, or if SRM,
SRM s third-party manufacturers, or their suppliers are adversely affected by other impacts of such diseases. In addition, the contingency
plans SRM has developed to help mitigate the impact of disruptions in its manufacturing operations and supply chain may not prevent its
business, financial position, sales, and results of operations from being adversely affected by a significant disruption to its manufacturing
operations or suppliers. 

Disruptions in our supply chain for materials
and components and the resulting increase in equipment and logistics costs could adversely affect our financial performance. 

We are subject to risk from fluctuating manufacturing
costs of our products based on surging consumer demand. Prices of these manufacturing costs, including the components and materials of
our products may be affected by supply restrictions or other market factors from time to time. 

Political, social or economic instability in regions
where these components and materials are made could cause future disruptions in trade. For example, concerns about forced labor in China s
Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region XUAR ), where certain components and materials are manufactured, have led to legislation
in countries such as the United States restricting imports from such region. Specifically, on December 23, 2021, the United States enacted
the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act UFLPA ), which presumptively prohibits imports of any goods made either wholly or
in part in the XUAR. The law, which went into effect on June 21, 2022, creates a rebuttable presumption against the importation
of goods made, manufactured, or mined in the XUAR (and certain other categories of persons in China) unless the importer meets
certain due diligence standards, responds to all inquiries from U.S. Customs and Border Protection CBP related to forced
labor and the CBP determines, based on clear and convincing evidence, that the goods in question were not produced wholly
or in part by forced labor. We do not believe that our suppliers source materials for our supply chain from the XUAR, but we cannot guarantee
that our suppliers and partners will always comply with our policies. Enforcement of the UFPLA against us or our suppliers could lead
to our products being held for inspection by CBP and delayed or rejected for entry into the United States, resulting in other supply chain
disruptions, or cause us to be subject to penalties, fines or sanctions. Broader policy uncertainty, including actions in various countries,
such as China, have created uncertainty with respect to tariff impacts on the costs of some of these components and materials. Even if
we were not subject to penalties, fines or sanctions or supply chain disruption, if products we source are linked in any way to forced
labor in the XUAR, our reputation could be harmed. In the future, these trade restrictions may extend beyond the United States. 

We cannot predict whether the countries in which the
components and materials are sourced, or may be sourced in the future, will be subject to new or additional trade restrictions imposed
by the governments of countries in which our projects are located, including the likelihood, type or effect of any such restrictions.
Trade restrictions, including embargoes, safeguards and customs restrictions against certain components and materials, as well as labor
strikes and work stoppages or boycotts, could increase the cost or reduce or delay the supply of components and materials available to
us and our vendors, which could delay or adversely affect the scope of our projects under development or construction and adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

We depend on large, recurring purchases from
certain significant retailers, distributors and other channel partners, and a loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by these channel
partners could negatively affect our revenue. 

The loss of recurring orders from any of our more
significant retailers, distributors and other channel partners could cause our revenue and profitability to suffer. Our ability to attract
new retailers, distributors and other channel partners will depend on a variety of factors, including the cost-effectiveness, reliability,
scalability, breadth and depth of our products. In addition, a change in the mix of our retailers, distributors and other channel partners,
or a change in the mix of direct and indirect sales, could adversely affect our revenue and gross margin. 

Although our financial performance may depend on large,
recurring orders from certain retailers, distributors and other channel partners, we do not generally have binding commitments from them.
For example: 

our channel partner agreements generally do not require minimum purchases; 

our retailers, distributors and other channel partners can stop purchasing and stop marketing our products at any time; and 

our channel partner agreements generally are not exclusive. 

Because our expenses are based on our revenue forecasts,
a substantial reduction or delay in sales of our products to, or unexpected returns from, channel partners, or the loss of any significant
channel partners, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although our largest
channel partners may vary from period to period, we anticipate that our results of operations for any given period will continue to depend
on large orders from a small number of channel partners. 

SRM relies extensively
on information technology in its operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security breach of that technology
could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

SRM relies extensively on information technology systems
across its operations, including for management of its supply chain, sale and delivery of its products and services, reporting its results
and various other processes and transactions. Many of these systems are managed by third-party service providers. SRM uses third-party
technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee email,
content delivery to customers, back-office support, and other functions. A small and growing volume of SRM s consumer products and
services are web-based, and some are offered in conjunction with business partners or such third-party service providers. SRM s
ability to effectively manage its business and coordinate the production, distribution, and sale of its products and services depends
significantly on the reliability and capacity of these systems and third-party service providers. 

SRM faces risks related
to protecting its proprietary intellectual property and information and is subject to third-party claims that SRM is infringing on their
intellectual property rights, either of which could adversely affect SRM s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The value of SRM s business depends on its ability
to protect its intellectual property and information, including its trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and rights
under intellectual property license agreements and other agreements with third parties, in the United States and around the world, as
well as its customer, employee, and consumer data. From time to time, third parties may in the future try to challenge, SRM s ownership
of its intellectual property in the United States and around the world. Responding to any infringement claim, regardless of its validity,
may be costly and time-consuming and may divert management and key personnel from business operations. Findings of infringement on the
intellectual property rights of any third party by SRM, its distributors, its licensors, or its manufacturers may require obtaining a
license to use those rights, which may not be obtainable on reasonable terms, if at all. 

In addition, SRM s business is subject to the
risk of third parties counterfeiting its products or infringing on its intellectual property rights. The steps SRM has taken may not prevent
unauthorized use of its intellectual property, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect its intellectual property
as fully as in the United States. SRM may resort to litigation to protect its intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial
costs and diversion of resources. SRM s failure to protect its proprietary intellectual property and information, including with
respect to any successful challenge to SRM s ownership of its intellectual property or significant infringements of its intellectual
property, could have an adverse effect on SRM s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark,
patent and trade secret laws, nondisclosure agreements with employees, consultants and suppliers and other contractual provisions to establish,
maintain and protect our intellectual property and technology. Despite efforts to protect our intellectual property, unauthorized third
parties may attempt to design around, copy aspects of our product design or obtain and use technology or other intellectual property associated
with our products. Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop similar technology or design around our intellectual property.
Our inability to secure and protect our intellectual property rights could materially adversely affect our brand and business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

If disruptions in our transportation network
occur or our shipping costs substantially increase, we may be unable to sell or timely deliver our products, and our operating expenses
could increase. 

We are highly dependent upon the transportation systems
we use to ship our products, including surface and air freight. Our attempts to closely match our inventory levels to our product demand
intensify the need for our transportation systems to function effectively and without delay. On a quarterly basis, our shipping volume
also tends to steadily increase as the quarter progresses, which means that any disruption in our transportation network in the latter
half of a quarter will likely have a more material effect on our business than at the beginning of a quarter. 

The transportation network is subject to disruption
or congestion from a variety of causes, including labor disputes or port strikes, acts of war or terrorism, natural disasters and congestion
resulting from higher shipping volumes. Labor disputes among freight carriers and at ports of entry are common, particularly in Europe,
and we expect labor unrest and its effects on shipping our products to be a continuing challenge for us. A port worker strike, work slow-down
or other transportation disruption in Asia and the United States, where we import our products to fulfill our orders, could significantly
disrupt our business. Our international freight is regularly subjected to inspection by governmental entities. If our delivery times increase
unexpectedly for these or any other reasons, our ability to deliver products on time would be materially adversely affected and result
in delayed or lost revenue as well as customer imposed penalties. In addition, if increases in fuel prices occur, our transportation costs
would likely increase. Moreover, the cost of shipping our products by air freight is greater than other methods. From time to time in
the past, we have shipped products using extensive air freight to meet unexpected spikes in demand and shifts in demand between product
categories, to bring new product introductions to market quickly and to timely ship products previously ordered. If we rely more heavily
upon air freight to deliver our products, our overall shipping costs will increase. A prolonged transportation disruption or a significant
increase in the cost of freight could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As part of growing our business, we may make
acquisitions. If we fail to successfully select, execute or integrate our acquisitions, then our business, results of operations and financial
condition could be materially adversely affected and our stock price could decline. 

From time to time, we may undertake acquisitions to
add new product and service lines and technologies, acquire talent, gain new sales channels or enter into new sales territories. Acquisitions
involve numerous risks and challenges, including relating to the successful integration of the acquired business, entering into new territories
or markets with which we have limited or no prior experience, establishing or maintaining business relationships with new retailers, distributors
or other channel partners, vendors and suppliers and potential post-closing disputes. 

We cannot ensure that we will be successful in selecting,
executing and integrating acquisitions. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions could materially harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if stock market analysts or our stockholders do not support or believe in
the value of the acquisitions that we choose to undertake, our stock price may decline. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

If we do not effectively manage our sales channel
inventory and product mix, we may incur costs associated with excess inventory, or lose sales from having too few products. 

If we are unable to properly monitor, control and
manage our sales channel inventory and maintain an appropriate level and mix of products with our distributors and within our sales channels,
we may incur increased and unexpected costs associated with this inventory. If our wholesale distributors and retailers are unable to
sell their inventory in a timely manner, we might lower the price of the products, or these parties may exchange the products for newer
products. Also, during the transition from an existing product to a new replacement product, we must accurately predict the demand for
the existing and the new product. 

We determine production levels based on our forecasts
of demand for our products. Actual demand for our products depends on many factors, which makes it difficult to forecast. We have experienced
differences between our actual and our forecasted demand in the past and expect differences to arise in the future. If we improperly forecast
demand for our products, we could end up with too many products and be unable to sell the excess inventory in a timely manner, if at all,
or, alternatively, we could end up with too few products and not be able to satisfy demand. This problem is exacerbated because we attempt
to closely match inventory levels with product demand, leaving limited margin for error. If these events occur, we could incur increased
expenses associated with writing off excessive or obsolete inventory, lose sales, incur penalties for late delivery or have to ship products
by air freight to meet immediate demand, thereby incurring incremental freight costs above the sea freight costs, a preferred method,
and suffering a corresponding decline in gross margin. 

Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional
income tax liabilities could affect our future profitability. 

Factors that could materially affect our future effective
tax rates include but are not limited to: 

changes in tax laws or the regulatory environment; 

changes in accounting and tax standards or practices; 

changes in the composition of operating income by tax jurisdiction; and 

our operating results before taxes. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States
and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Because we do not have a long history of operating as a separate company and we have significant expansion
plans, our effective tax rate may fluctuate in the future. Future effective tax rates could be affected by operating losses in jurisdictions
where no tax benefit can be recorded under GAAP, changes in the composition of earnings in countries with differing tax rates, changes
in deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws. 

On December 22, 2017,
the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act was signed into law making significant changes to the Code. In particular,
sweeping changes were made to the U.S. taxation of foreign operations. Changes include, but are not limited to, a corporate tax rate
decrease from 35 to 21 effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, the transition of U.S. international taxation from
a worldwide tax system to a quasi-territorial system, and a one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of cumulative
foreign earnings. Additionally, new provisions were added to mitigate the potential erosion of the U.S. tax base and to discourage use
of low tax jurisdictions to own intellectual property and other valuable intangible assets. While these provisions were intended to prevent
specific perceived taxpayer abuse, they may have adverse, unexpected consequences. At this time, Treasury has not yet issued Regulations
on how these new rules should be applied and how the relevant calculations are to be prepared. As there exists only limited guidance
at this time, significant estimates and judgment are required in assessing the consequences. The amounts for adjusting the deferred tax
assets and liabilities for the new effective tax rate and the transition tax are provisional based on the guidance provided by the SEC
in Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 SAB 118 ), which provides for a measurement period of one year from the enactment
date to finalize the accounting for effects of the 2017 Tax Act. As a result of continued regulations and interpretations of the Tax
Act, we are still quantifying the effects of the tax law change. The amounts reported as of December 31, 2023 are provisional based on the uncertainty discussed above. As we complete
our analysis and prepare necessary data, and interpret any additional guidance, we will adjust our calculations and provisional amounts
that we have recorded in our tax provision. Any such adjustments may materially impact our provision for income taxes in our financial
statements. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

In addition to the impact of the Tax Act on our federal
taxes, the Tax Act may impact our taxation in other jurisdictions, including with respect to state income taxes. State legislatures have
not had sufficient time to respond to the Tax Act. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to how the laws will apply in the various state
jurisdictions. Additionally, other foreign governing bodies may enact changes to their tax laws in reaction to the Tax Act that could
result in changes to our global tax position and materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Additionally, the IRS and several foreign tax authorities
have increasingly focused attention on intercompany transfer pricing with respect to sales of products and services and the use of intangibles.
Tax authorities could disagree with our intercompany charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other matters and assess additional
taxes. If we do not prevail in any such disagreements, our profitability may be affected. 

We must comply with indirect tax laws in multiple
jurisdictions, as well as complex customs duty regimes worldwide. Audits of our compliance with these rules may result in additional liabilities
for taxes, duties, interest and penalties related to our international operations which would reduce our profitability. 

Our operations are routinely subject to audit by tax
authorities in various countries. Many countries have indirect tax systems where the sale and purchase of goods and services are subject
to tax based on the transaction value. These taxes are commonly referred to as value-added tax VAT or goods and services
tax GST ). In addition, the distribution of our products subjects us to numerous complex customs regulations, which frequently
change over time. Failure to comply with these systems and regulations can result in the assessment of additional taxes, duties, interest
and penalties. While we believe we are in compliance with local laws, we cannot assure that tax and customs authorities agree with our
reporting positions and upon audit may assess us additional taxes, duties, interest and penalties. 

Additionally, some of our products are subject to
U.S. export controls, including the Export Administration Regulations and economic sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control. We also incorporate encryption technology into certain of our solutions. These encryption solutions and underlying technology
may be exported outside of the United States only with the required export authorizations or exceptions, including by license, a license
exception, and appropriate classification notification requirement and encryption authorization. 

Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S. economic
sanctions laws and regulations that prohibit the shipment of certain products and services without the required export authorizations,
including to countries, governments and persons targeted by U.S. embargoes or sanctions. Obtaining the necessary export license or other
authorization for a particular sale may be time consuming, and may result in delay or loss of sales opportunities even if the export license
ultimately is granted. While we take precautions to prevent t our solutions from being exported in violation of these laws, including
using authorizations or exceptions for our encryption products and implementing IP address blocking and screenings against U.S. government
and international lists of restricted and prohibited persons and countries, we cannot guarantee that the precautions we take will prevent
all violations of export control and sanctions laws. Violations of U.S. sanctions or export control laws can result in significant fines
or penalties and incarceration could be imposed on employees and managers for criminal violations of these laws. 

Also, various countries, in addition to the United
States, regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and export licensing requirements,
and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products and services or our end-users ability to utilize
our solutions in their countries. Changes in our products and services or changes in import and export regulations may create delays in
the introduction of our products in international markets. Adverse action by any government agencies related to indirect tax laws could
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The Consumer Product
Safety Improvement Act and other existing or future government regulation could harm our business or may cause us to incur additional
costs associated with compliance. 

We are subject to various
federal, state and local laws and regulations, including but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to labor and employment, U.S.
customs and consumer product safety, including the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act, or the CPSIA. The CPSIA created
more stringent safety requirements related to lead and phthalates content in children s products. The CPSIA regulates the future
manufacture of these items and existing inventories and may cause us to incur losses if we offer for sale or sell any non-compliant items.
Failure to comply with the various regulations applicable to us may result in damage to our reputation, civil and criminal liability,
fines and penalties and increased cost of regulatory compliance. These current and any future laws and regulations could harm our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

We may be subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery,
anti-money laundering, economic sanctions and other similar laws and regulations, and non-compliance with such laws and regulations could
subject SRM to civil, criminal and administrative penalties, remedial measures and legal expenses, all of which could adversely affect
SRM s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

SRM is or will be subject to laws with respect to
anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, financial and economic sanctions and other similar laws and regulations in various
jurisdictions in which SRM conducts, or in the future may conduct, activities, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and other anti-corruption laws and regulations. The FCPA prohibits SRM and its officers, directors, employees and business partners acting
on its behalf, including agents, from offering, promising, authorizing or providing anything of value to a foreign official 
for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. The
FCPA also requires companies to make and keep books, records and accounts that accurately reflect transactions and dispositions of assets
and to maintain a system of adequate internal accounting controls. A violation of these laws or regulations could adversely affect our
business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

If one or more of our
major customers were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us, cease doing business with us, significantly reduce
the amount of their purchases from us or return substantial amounts of our products, it could have a materially adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

A substantial reduction in
or termination of orders from any of our largest customers would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, pressure by large customers seeking price reductions, financial incentives and changes in other terms of sale or for us to
bear the risks and the cost of carrying inventory could also adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If one or more of our major
customers were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us resulting from bankruptcy or other deterioration in their
financial condition or ability to meet their obligations, cease doing business with us, significantly reduce the amount of their purchases
from us, or return substantial amounts of our products, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic has left many customers outside of our largest customers under varying degrees of financial
distress, and it seems some of our largest customers are facing increases in their operating costs. Customers may request extended payment
terms which may require us to take on increased credit risk or to reduce or forgo sales entirely in an attempt to mitigate financial risk
associated with customer bankruptcy risk. 

Customer complaints regarding our products and
services could hurt our business . 

From time to time, we may receive complaints from
customers regarding the quality of goods purchased from us. We may in the future receive correspondence from customers requesting reimbursement.
Certain dissatisfied customers may threaten legal action against us if no reimbursement is made. We may become subject to product liability
lawsuits from customers alleging injury because of a purported defect in our products or services, claiming substantial damages and demanding
payments from us. We are in the chain of title when we supply or distribute products, and therefore are subject to the risk of being held
legally responsible for them. These claims may not be covered by our insurance policies. Any resulting litigation could be costly for
us, divert management attention, and could result in increased costs of doing business, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any negative publicity generated as a result of customer frustration with
our products or services, or with our websites, could damage our reputation and diminish the value of our brand name, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Securities and Other Risks 

We are an emerging
growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company as
defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions
from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies including, but (i) not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) not being required to comply with any new requirements
adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ), requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement
to the auditor s report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about the audit and the financial
statements of the issuer, (iii) not being required to comply with any new audit rules adopted by the PCAOB after April 5, 2012 unless
the SEC determines otherwise, (iv) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and (v) exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

We could remain an emerging growth company until the
earlier of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.24 billion or more; (ii) the last day
of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of our first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective
registration statement; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three
years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer. We cannot predict if investors will find our securities
less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of any choices
to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and our stock price may be more volatile. Further,
as a result of these scaled regulatory requirements, our disclosure may be more limited than that of other public companies and you may
not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of such companies. 

Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an
emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ), for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We have opted for taking advantage
of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards pursuant to Section 107(b) of the Jobs Act. 

We are required to comply with various regulatory and reporting requirements, including those required by the SEC. Complying with these reporting and other regulatory requirements is time-consuming and results in increased costs to us and could have a negative effect on our results of operations, financial condition or business. 

Certain of our stockholders hold a significant percentage of our outstanding voting securities, which could reduce the ability of minority stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY 

Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy 

We
have developed and maintain a cybersecurity risk management methodology intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability
of our critical systems and information. Our cybersecurity risk management methodology is integrated into our overall enterprise risk
management, and shares common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the Company to other legal,
compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risk areas. As part of our overall risk management processes and procedures, we have
instituted a cybersecurity awareness designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats, including by
engaging a third-party cybersecurity service provider, which communicates directly with our management and compliance personnel. 
The cyber risk management methodology involves risk assessments, implementation of security measures and ongoing monitoring of systems
and networks, including networks on which we rely. Through our cybersecurity awareness, the current threat landscape is actively monitored
in an effort to identify material risks arising from new and evolving cybersecurity threats. We may engage external experts, including
cybersecurity assessors, consultants and auditors to evaluate cybersecurity measures and risk management processes as needed. We also
depend on and engage various third parties, including suppliers, vendors and service providers in connection with our operations. 

Our
cybersecurity risk management methodology includes: 

risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, services, and our
broader enterprise IT environment; 

individuals, including employees and external third-party service providers, who are responsible for managing our
cybersecurity risk assessment processes, our security controls, and our response to cybersecurity incidents; 

the use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security
controls; 

a cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents; and 

a third-party risk management process for service providers, suppliers, and vendors. 

We
have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially
affected us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. We face risks from cybersecurity
threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations,
or financial condition. 

Cybersecurity
Governance 

Our
Board provides strategic oversight on cybersecurity matters, including material risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Board
has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight of cybersecurity and other information technology risks. The Audit Committee oversees
management s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management methodology. Our Board and the Audit Committee receives periodic
updates from our Chief Financial Officer and more frequently as needed, regarding the overall state of our cybersecurity preparedness,
information on the current threat landscape, and material risks from cybersecurity threats and cybersecurity incidents. The Audit Committee
and our management team are informed about and monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents,
including through the receipt of notifications from third-party service providers. 

The
Audit Committee reports to the full Board regarding cybersecurity activities. The full Board also receives briefings from management
on cyber risk issues and best practices. Our management team is responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity
threats. The team has primary responsibility for developing and maintaining our overall cybersecurity risk methodology and supervises
both our internal cybersecurity personnel and our retained external cybersecurity consultants. Our management team supervises efforts
to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include briefings from
internal security personnel; threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including
external consultants engaged by us; and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in the information technology environment. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive office is located in leased premises of approximately 6,908 square feet at 1061 E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter,
FL 33477. The premises are shared with Safety Shot, Inc., our former parent company, with lease terms on a month-to-month basis. We believe
that these facilities are adequate for our needs, including providing the space and infrastructure to accommodate our development work
based on our current operating plan. We do not own any real estate. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The
Company may be subject to legal proceedings and claims arising from contracts or other matters from time to time in the ordinary course
of business. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, inquiries or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory
organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of the Company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting the Company, our common stock, any of our officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision
could have a material adverse effect. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Since August
15, 2023, the Company s common stock has traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SRM. 

As
of March 21, 2024, there were 28 shareholders of record. Since certain shares of our common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, the foregoing number of
holders of our common stock is not representative of the number of beneficial holders of our common stock. 

The last reported sales price
for our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 29, 2024 was 1.59. 

Dividends 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and we intend to retain all of our earnings,
if any, to finance our growth and operations and to fund the expansion of our business. Payment of any dividends will be made in the
discretion of our Board of Directors, after our taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results,
current and anticipated cash needs and plans for expansion. No dividends may be declared or paid on our common shares, unless a dividend,
payable in the same consideration or manner, is simultaneously declared or paid, as the case may be, on our shares of preferred stock,
if any. 

Issuance
of Unregistered Securities 

During
the period from the date of the Company s IPO (August 14, 2023) to December 31, 2023, the Company issued 315,500 shares of its
restricted common stock, valued at a total of 612,800 (based on the date of the respective agreements), to three companies. Additionally,
at December 31, 2023, the Company has stock payable for services due one company for 676,000 representing 400,000 shares of the Company s
restricted common stock. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

There
were no issuer purchases of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
March 21, 2023, our Board of Directors and majority shareholders, respectively, approved the SRM Entertainment, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2023 Plan ), to be administered by our Compensation Committee. Pursuant to the 2023 Plan, we are authorized to
grant options and other equity awards to officers, directors, employees and consultants. The purchase price of each share of common stock
purchasable under an award issued pursuant to the 2023 Plan, shall be determined by our Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion,
at the time of grant, but shall not be less than 100 of the fair market of such share of common stock on the date the award is granted,
subject to adjustment. Our Compensation Committee shall also have sole authority to set the terms of all awards at the time of grant.
Pursuant to the 2023 Plan, a maximum of 1,500,000 shares of our common stock shall be set aside and reserved for issuance, subject to
adjustments as may be required in accordance with the terms of the 2022 Plan. At December 31, 2023 the Company had issued a 100,000 stock
grant to one of the company s consultants and a total of 90,000 stock options to three of our Directors. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some
cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects ,
 plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements
are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable
law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform
these statements to actual results. 

Our
unaudited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related
notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans,
estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report. 

In
this annually report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common
shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

As
used in this annual report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms we , us , our , JUPW 
and the Company mean SRM Entertainment, Inc. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of US Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The acquisition
of SRM Ltd and SRM Inc occurred on August 14, 2023. The financial statements are prepared using Reverse Acquisition Accounting and as
such, for legal purposes SRM Inc was the acquiring company and for GAAP accounting, SRM Ltd was the acquiring company. Therefore, the
financial statements are presented using the historical financial statements of SRM Ltd. using the capital structure of SRM Inc. 

Company
Overview 

The
Company is a trusted toy and souvenir designer and developer, selling into the world s largest theme parks and entertainment venues. 

Our
business is built on the principle that almost everyone is a fan of something and the evolution of pop culture is leading to increasing
opportunities for fan loyalty. We create whimsical, fun and unique products that enable fans to express their affinity for their favorite
 something whether it is a movie, TV show, favorite celebrity, or favorite restaurant. We infuse our distinct designs
and aesthetic sensibility into a wide variety of product categories, including figures, plush, accessories, apparel, and homewares. With
our unique style, expertise in pop culture, broad product distribution and highly accessible price points, we have developed a passionate
following for our products that has underpinned our growth. We believe we sit at the nexus of pop culture content providers value
us for our broad network of retail customers, retailers value us for our portfolio of pop culture products and pop culture insights,
and consumers value us for our distinct, stylized products and the content they represent. 

Pop
culture pervades modern life and almost everyone is a fan of something. Today, more quality content is available and technology innovation
has made content accessible anytime, anywhere. As a result, the breadth and depth of pop culture fandom resembles, and in many cases
exceeds, the type of fandom previously associated only with sports. Everyday interactions at home, work or with friends are increasingly
influenced by pop culture. 

We
have invested strategically in our relationships with key constituents in pop culture. Content providers value us for our broad network
of retail customers and retailers value us for our pop culture products, pop culture insights and ability to drive consumer traffic.
Consumers, who value us for our distinct, stylized products, remain at the center of everything we do. 

Content
Providers : We have licensing relationships with many established content providers, and our products appear in venues
such as Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, Universal Studios, SeaWorld, Six Flags, Great Wolf Lodge, Dollywood and Merlin Entertainment.
We currently have licenses with Smurfs and Zoonicorn LLC, from which we can create multiple products based on each character within.
Content providers trust us to create unique, stylized extensions of their intellectual property that extend the relevance of their content
with consumers through ongoing engagement, helping to maximize the lifetime value of their content. 

Content
Providers : We have licensing relationships with many established content providers, and our products appear in venues such as
Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, Universal Studios, SeaWorld, Six Flags, Great Wolf Lodge, Dollywood and Merlin Entertainment. We currently
have licenses with Smurfs and Zoonicorn LLC, from which we can create multiple products based on each character within. Content providers
trust us to create unique, stylized extensions of their intellectual property that extend the relevance of their content with consumers
through ongoing engagement, helping to maximize the lifetime value of their content. 

Consumers :
Fans are increasingly looking for ways to express their affinity for and engage with their favorite pop culture content. Over time, many
of our consumers evolve from occasional buyers to more frequent purchasers, whom we categorize as enthusiasts or collectors. We create
products to appeal to a broad array of fans across consumer demographic groups men, women, boys and girls not a single, narrow
demographic. We currently offer an array of products that sell across several categories. Our products are generally priced between 2.50
and 50.00, which allows our diverse consumer base to express their fandom frequently and impulsively. We continue to introduce innovative
products designed to facilitate fan engagement at different price points and styles. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

We
have developed a nimble and low-fixed cost production model. The strength of our management team and relationships with content providers,
retailers and third-party manufacturers allows us to move from product concept to a new product tactfully. As a result, we can dynamically
manage our business to balance current content releases and pop culture trends with timeless content based on classic movies, such as
Harry Potter or Star Wars. This has allowed us to deliver significant growth while lessening our dependence on individual content releases. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our audited financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles, or U.S. GAAP, and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The preparation of the financial statements
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported revenue generated, and expenses incurred during
the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions
and any such differences may be material. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical
and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 

The
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US
GAAP and are expressed in United States Dollars. Significant accounting policies are summarized below: 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company generates its revenue from the sale of its products directly to the end user or distributor (collectively the customer ). 

The
Company recognizes revenues by applying the following steps in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 606 Revenue
from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Under ASC 606, revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods
or services are transferred to a customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange
for those goods or services. The Company applies the following five steps in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to
be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its agreements: 

identify
 the contract with a customer; 

identify
 the performance obligations in the contract; 

determine
 the transaction price; 

allocate
 the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognize
 revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

The
Company s performance obligations are satisfied when goods or products are shipped on an FOB shipping point basis as title passes
when shipped. Our product is generally paid in advance of shipment or standard net 30 days, and we offer no specific right of return,
refund or warranty related to our products except for cases of defective products of which there have been none to date. 

Inventory 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market. The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs
or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions. Write-downs and write-offs are charged to cost of goods sold.
Inventory is based upon the average cost method of accounting. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share 

Net
income (loss) per common share is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income
(loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. If applicable, diluted earnings per share assume the conversion, exercise or issuance of all common stock instruments such
as options, warrants, convertible securities and preferred stock, unless the effect is to reduce a loss or increase earnings per share.
Warrants are not considered in the calculations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, as the impact of the potential common
shares would be to decrease the loss per share. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Numerator: 

Net income (loss) 

(2,053,859) 

328,701 

Denominator: 

Denominator
 for basic earnings per share - Weighted-average common shares issued and outstanding during the period 

7,688,523 

6,500,000 

Denominator for diluted earnings per share 

7,688,523 

6,500,000 

Basic (loss) per share 

(0.27) 

0.05 

Diluted (loss) per share 

(0.27) 

0.05 

Cash 

We
consider all short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash and equivalents for purposes of
the statement of cash flows. There were no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

Assets
and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, while revenue and expense accounts
are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates.
Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions and translation for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the cumulative
translation gains and losses as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 were not material. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Accounts
receivable are generated from sales of the Company s products. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful collections, which
is based upon a review of outstanding receivables, historical collection information, and existing economic conditions. During the years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized no allowance for doubtful collections. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
fair value of our assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term
nature. 

Income
Taxes 

We
account for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and
for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation
allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

ASC
740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
period, disclosure and transition. Based on our evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions
requiring recognition in our financial statements. Since we were incorporated on April 22, 2022, the evaluation was performed for 2022
tax year, which would be the only period subject to examination. We believe that our income tax positions and deductions would be sustained
on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material changes to our financial position. Our policy for recording
interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense. 

The
Company s deferred tax asset at December 31, 2023 and 2022 consists of net operating loss carry forwards calculated using effective
tax rates equating to approximately 497,655 and 51,149, respectively. Due to the Company s lack of earnings history, the deferred
tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance of 497,655 and 51,149 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Stock
Based Compensation 

We
recognize compensation costs to employees under FASB Accounting Standards Codification 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements
based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required
to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options and warrants. As such, compensation cost is measured
on the date of grant at their fair value. Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the
option grant. 

On
April 22, 2022, the inception date Inception ), we adopted ASU No. 2018-07 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic
718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting. These amendments expand the scope of Topic 718, Compensation
- Stock Compensation (which currently only includes share-based payments to employees) to include share-based payments issued to non-employees
for goods or services. Consequently, the accounting for share-based payments to nonemployees and employees will be substantially aligned. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, which simplifies the accounting for nonemployee share-based payment transactions. The amendments
specify that Topic 718 applies to all share-based payment transactions in which a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed
in a grantor s own operations by issuing share-based payment awards. The Company has adopted this standard beginning January 1,
2019. The adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows,
and financial statement disclosures. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

In
February 2016, Topic 842, Leases was issued to replace the leases requirements in Topic 840, Leases . The
main difference between previous GAAP and Topic 842 is the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases
classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. A lessee should recognize in the balance sheet a liability to make lease payments
(the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with
a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize
lease assets and lease liabilities. If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense for such leases generally on a
straight-line basis over the lease term. The accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from that applied under previous GAAP.
Topic 842 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those annual
periods and is to be retrospectively applied. The Company has adopted this standard beginning January 1, 2019. The adoption of this standard
did not have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and financial statement disclosures. 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our financial statements. 

Results
of Operations 

For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

The
following table provides selected financial data about us for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

December 31, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Sales 
 5,760,533 
 6,076,116 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 4,443,083 
 4,845,217 
 
 Gross Profit (Loss) 
 1,317,450 
 1,230,899 
 
 Total expenses 
 3,371,309 
 902,198 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 (2,053,859 
 328,701 

Revenues 

We
generated 5,760,533 in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 6,076,116 revenues for the year ended December 31,
2022. The decrease can be attributed to industry conditions, even though attendance and revenue were up on the West Coast, the summer
season was a bit milder in Orlando, Florida, as there was a year-over-year decline in revenue for Orlando resorts. However, while demand
has tapered off from the initial post COVID rebound in 2022, attendance in Orlando is still for the most part in line with pre-pandemic
levels. We believe with the new theme park opening in Orlando right around the corner, our business
should benefit from the publicity and enthusiasm that typically surrounds new theme park openings. 

Operating
Expenses and other income/expense 

We
had total operating expenses and other income/expense of 3,371,309 for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 902,198 for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 totaled 3,371,309 were in connection with our daily operations as follows: (i) marketing
expenses of 38,694; (ii) legal and professional expenses of 1,598,179 including board of director fees, auditing and accounting fees,
investor relations and public awareness campaigns, legal services, corporate advisory services, registration statement preparation fees,
general corporate governance fees; (iii) rent of 12,475; (iv) depreciation and amortization of 6,651; (v) general and administrative
expenses of 1,270,681, consisting of payroll and related taxes, travel, meals and entertainment, office supplies and expense and other
normal office and administration expenses; (vi) stock based compensation of 427,702 consisting primarily of investor relations and public
awareness campaign. Other expenses consisted of net interest expense of 16,927. 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 902,198 were in connection with our daily operations as follows: (i) rent of 4,065;
(ii) depreciation and amortization of 2,333; and (iii) general and administrative expenses of 866,516, consisting of payroll and related
taxes, travel, meals and entertainment, office supplies and expense and other normal office and administration expenses. Other expenses
consisted of 754 of other income and net interest expense of 30,038. 

Expenses
during 2023 were higher than the same period in 2022 due primarily to cost associated with our initial public offering and other costs
associated with our company being listed and traded on Nasdaq. In addition, we launched new product lines as well as increased marketing,
promotional and social media efforts. 

Income/Losses 

Net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 2,053,859 and income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 328,701. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Impact
of Inflation 

We
believe that inflation has had a negligible effect on operations since inception. We believe that we can offset inflationary increases
in the cost of operations by increasing sales and improving operating efficiencies. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have off-balance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known
as variable interest entities. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company is in commercialization mode, while continuing to pursue the development of its next generation products as well as new products
that are being developed. 

We
generally require cash to: 

launch
 sales initiatives, 

fund
 our operations and working capital requirements, 

develop
 and execute our product development and market introduction plans, 

fund
 research and development efforts, and 

pay
 any expense obligations as they come due. 

As
of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 2,980,741 in cash and cash equivalents, an increase of 2,527,225 from the 453,516 as
of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we raised net proceeds of 5,168,325 from the sale of
securities. 

Operating
Activities: 

Net
cash used in our operating activities of 769,764 during the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily due to our operating loss of
 2,053,843 offset by 1,288,800 of stock based compensation. 

Net
cash used in our operating activities of 29,925 during the year ended December 31, 2022, is primarily due to our net income of 328,701
offset by our increase in operation assets (primarily inventory). 

Financing
Activities: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities of 3,679,359 was by the proceeds from the sale of our common
stock in our Initial Public Offering 5,168,325) less the payment of a promissory note to Jupiter Wellness, Inc. 1,488,966). 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities of 19,948 was primarily from proceeds from a promissory
note. 

Investing
Activities: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash used in investing activities of 382,370 was primarily used in the acquisition of SRM Entertainment
Ltd. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities of 11,984 was primarily from purchase of fixed assets and loan
to an affiliate. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements and corresponding notes thereto called for by this item may be found beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s
Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time communicated to the Company s management,
including its Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure
based closely on the definition of disclosure controls and procedures in Rule 13a-15(e). The Company s disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance of reaching the Company s desired disclosure control
objectives. In designing periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its
judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. The Company s certifying officers have
concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in reaching that level of assurance. 

At
the end of the period being reported upon, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of
the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer
and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the material information
required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive and financial officer, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities
and Exchange Commission rules and forms relating to the Company. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

With
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), our management conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 based on the framework in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).
Based on the assessment and those criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2023. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting as smaller reporting companies are not required to include such report and EGC s are exempt from
this requirement entirely until they are no longer an EGC. Management s report is not subject to attestation by the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Management
has confidence in its internal controls and procedures. The Company s management believes that a control system, no matter how
well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance and cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the internal
control system are met, and no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Further, the design of an internal control system must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitation
in all internal control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issuers and instances of fraud,
if any, within the Company have been detected. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Internal
control systems, no matter how well designed and operated, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even a system which is determined to
be effective cannot provide absolute assurance that all control issues have been detected or prevented. Our systems of internal controls
are designed to provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
directors and executive officers and their respective ages as of the date of this Form 10-K are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Richard
 Miller 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Douglas
 O. McKinnon 
 
 73 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Christopher
 Marc Melton 
 
 52 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Gary
 Herman 
 
 59 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Hans
 Haywood 
 
 55 
 
 Independent
 Director 

The
following describes the business experience of each of our directors and executive officers, including other directorships held in reporting
companies: 

Richard
Miller, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman , has served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company since November 2020.
Previously, Mr. Miller served as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of Jupiter Wellness from November 2018 until
November 2020. Prior to his service to Jupiter Wellness, Mr. Miller served as president of Caro Consulting, Inc. a consulting firm that
advises emerging growth companies. Over the last twenty years Mr. Miller has provided strategic advice to hundreds of companies across
diverse industries. He has assisted C Level executives with expanding, financing and other challenges emerging companies face. Mr. Miller
co-founded of Teeka Tan Suncare Products in 2004 and oversaw the development, design and launch of a diverse sun care product line along
with the public offering of the company. He is an advocate for school safety and local schools through his grass roots group My School
Counts. 

Douglas
O. McKinnon, Chief Financial Officer, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since April 2022. Mr. McKinnon previously served
as Chief Financial Officer of Jupiter from August 2019 to April 2022 and has served as the Chief Executive Officer of AppYea, Inc. since
March 2016. Mr. McKinnon has also served as a Director of Surna, Inc. since March, 2014 and as Surna s Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer since April, 2014. Prior to Surna, Inc., Mr. McKinnon served as Chief Executive Officer of 1st Resource Group,
Inc. for four years. Mr. McKinnon s 35+ year professional career includes financial, advisory and operation experience across a
broad spectrum of industry sectors, including oil and gas, technology, and communications. He has served in C-level positions in both
private and public sectors, including Chairman and CEO of an American-Stock-Exchange traded company, VP - Chief Administrative Officer
of a 12-billion market cap Nasdaq-traded company for which the management team raised over 2.2 billion, CFO of several publicly-held
US, Canadian and Australian companies, and CEO/CFO of various other private enterprises. As an entrepreneur, Mr. McKinnon has been involved
in organizations ranging from start-up companies using venture capital funding to publicly traded institutional backed companies. Additionally,
Mr. McKinnon has extensive merger and acquisition, and turnaround experience. 

Christopher
Marc Melton, Director, has served as one of our directors since April 2022. Mr. Melton has served as director of SG Blocks, Inc.
since November of 2011 and currently serves as the Audit Committee Chairman. From 2000 to 2008, Mr. Melton was a Portfolio Manager for
Kingdon Capital Management Kingdon in New York City, where he ran in excess of 1 Billion book in media, telecom, and
Japanese investment. Mr. Melton opened Kingdon s office in Japan, where he set up a Japanese research company. From 1997 to 2000,
Mr. Melton served as a Vice President at JPMorgan Investment Management as an equity research analyst, where he helped manage 1 Billion
plus in REIT funds under management. Mr. Melton was a Senior Real Estate Equity Analyst at RREEF Funds in Chicago from 1995 to 1997.
Mr. Melton is Principal and co-founder of Callegro Investments, a specialist land investor. He currently serves on several Public and
Private Boards as well as Chairman of the Audit Committee of a Nasdaq listed company. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Gary Herman has served
on our Board since 2022. Mr. Herman is a seasoned investor with many years of investment and business experience. From 2005
to 2020 he co-managed Strategic Turnaround Equity Partners, LP (Cayman) and its affiliates. From January 2011 to August 2013,
he was a managing member of Abacoa Capital Management, LLC, which managed Abacoa Capital Master Fund, Ltd., focused on a Global-Macro investment
strategy. From 2005 to 2020, Mr. Herman was affiliated with Arcadia Securities LLC, a New York-based broker-dealer. From
1997 to 2002, he was an investment banker with Burnham Securities, Inc. From 1993 to 1997, he was a managing partner of Kingshill Group,
Inc., a merchant banking and financial firm with offices in New York and Tokyo. Mr. Herman has a B.S. from the University at
Albany with a major in Political Science and minors in Business and Music. Mr. Herman has many years of experience serving
on the boards of public and private companies. He presently sits on the boards of Siyata Mobile, Inc. (NASDAQ: SYTA), LQR House, Inc.
(NASDAQ: LQR), SusGlobal Energy Corp. (OTCQB: SNRG) and XS Financial, Inc. (CSE: XS). We believe Mr. Herman s extensive board
and investment experience makes him well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Hans
Haywood, Director , has served as a director of the Company since April 2022 and is currently a principal of HKA Capital Advisors,
a platform from which to offer consulting services and develop proprietary trading algorithms, which he founded in 2010. From May 2011
to April 2018 Mr. Haywood was the Co-Chief Investment Officer and a Director of Tempest Capital AG, a Zurich-based family office/private
equity fund, responsible for structuring and making activist investments in the technology and natural resource sectors. From May 2009
to March 2011, Mr. Haywood was the Chief Investment Officer of Panda Global Advisors, an emerging markets oriented Global Macro fund
with a focus on liquid assets, sovereign credit, interest rates, foreign exchange, equity and commodities, which he founded in 2011.
From July 2005 to December 2007, Mr. Haywood was a Partner and Senior Portfolio Manager for Sailfish Capital Partners, a multi-strategy
fund, where he co-founded and managed the fund s global Emerging Markets strategy. From December 1997 to June 2005, he was a Managing
director at Credit Suisse where he managed the firm s proprietary credit portfolio and was jointly responsible for the creation
of the firm s customer-oriented trading platform. Mr. Haywood received a master s degree in Chemical Engineering from Imperial
College, University of London in 1990. Mr. Haywood has served as a board member of SRM since December 2022. We believe Mr. Haywood s
extensive management and board experience makes him well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Board
Diversity 

The
table below provides information relating to certain voluntary self-identified characteristics of our directors. Each of the categories
listed in the table below has the meaning as set forth in NASDAQ Rule 5605(f). 

Board
Diversity Matrix (As of December 31, 2023) 
 
 Total
 Number of Directors 
 
 5 

Female 
 
 Male 
 
 Non-Binary 
 
 Did
 Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Part
 I: Gender Identity 

Directors 

Part
 II: Demographic Background 

African
 American or Black 

Alaskan
 Native or Native American 

Asian 

Hispanic
 or Latinx 

Native
 Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 

5 

Two
 or More Races or Ethnicities 

LGBTQ 

Did
 Not Disclose Demographic Background 

Term
of Office 

Our
Board is elected annually by our stockholders. Each director shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until
his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among and between the issuer s directors, officers, persons nominated or chosen by the issuer to become
directors or officers, or beneficial owners of more than ten percent of any class of the issuer s equity securities. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and officers, and the persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our Common Stock,
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Copies of all filed reports are required to be furnished to us pursuant
to Rule 16a-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based solely on the reports received by us and on the representations of the reporting
persons, we believe that these persons have complied with all applicable filing requirements during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Board
Composition 

Director
Independence 

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board, which consist of five members. Under Nasdaq rules, independent directors
must comprise a majority of a listed company s board of directors, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, Nasdaq rules require
that each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and governance committees be independent, subject to
certain phase-ins for newly-public companies. Under Nasdaq rules, a director will only qualify as an independent director 
if, in the opinion of that company s board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Audit
committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In order to be considered
independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the
audit committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or
other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or (2) be an affiliated person of the listed company or any
of its subsidiaries. 

Our
Board has undertaken a review of its composition, the composition of its committees and the independence of each director. Based upon
information requested from and provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including family
relationships, our Board has determined that Messrs. Melton, Herman and Haywood do not have any relationships that would interfere with
the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is independent 
as that term is defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements and rules of Nasdaq. In making
this determination, our Board considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with our company and
all other facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of
our capital stock by each non-employee director. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

In
making this determination, our Board considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with us and all
other facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our
capital stock by each non-employee director. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board has established Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporative Governance Committees. Our Board may establish other
committees to facilitate the management of our business. The composition and functions of the audit committee, compensation
committee and nominating and corporate governance committee are described below. The charter of each committee is available on our
corporate website at https://corporate.srmentertainment.com/corporate-governance. Members will serve on committees until their
resignation or removal from the Board or until otherwise determined by our Board. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
audit committee consists of Mr. Melton, Mr. Herman and Mr. Haywood, with Mr. Melton serving as the chairman. Our Board has determined
that Mr. Melton is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the SEC regulations. Our Board has also determined
that each member of our audit committee can read and understand fundamental financial statements in accordance with applicable requirements.
In arriving at these determinations, the Board has examined each audit committee member s scope of experience and the nature of
their employment in the corporate finance sector. The functions of this committee include: 

selecting
 a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements; 

helping
 to ensure the independence and performance of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing
 the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm, and reviewing, with management and the
 independent accountants, our interim and year-end operating results; 

developing
 procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters; 

reviewing
 our policies on risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing
 related party transactions; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report by the independent registered public accounting firm at least annually, that describes our internal quality-control
 procedures, any material issues with such procedures, and any steps taken to deal with such issues when required by applicable law;
 and 

approving
 (or, as permitted, pre-approving) all audit and all permissible non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to
 be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
compensation committee consists of Messrs. Melton, Haywood and Herman with Mr. Herman serving as the chairman. The functions of the compensation
committee will include: 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, the compensation of our executive officers; 

reviewing
 and recommending that our Board approve the compensation of our directors; 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, the terms of compensatory arrangements with our executive officers; 

administering
 our stock and equity incentive plans; 

selecting
 independent compensation consultants and assessing conflict of interest compensation advisers; 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, incentive compensation and equity plans; and 

reviewing
 and establishing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees and reviewing our overall compensation philosophy. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Messrs. Melton and Haywood and Herman, with Mr. Herman serving as the
chairman. The functions of the nominating and governance committee will include: 

identifying
 and recommending candidates for membership on our Board; 

including
 nominees recommended by stockholders; 

reviewing
 and recommending the composition of our committees; 

overseeing
 our code of business conduct and ethics, corporate governance guidelines and reporting; and 

making
 recommendations to our Board concerning governance matters. 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee also annually reviews the nominating and corporate governance committee charter and the
committee s performance. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes. Our Board receives and reviews periodic reports from management,
auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding our assessment of risks. Our Board focuses on the most significant
risks we face our general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks we undertake are consistent with our Board s appetite
for risk. While our Board oversees our risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. We believe
this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks we face and that our Board leadership structure
supports this approach. 

Our
amended and restated bylaws provide our Board with flexibility in its discretion to combine or separate the positions of Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The Board currently does not separate the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board and both positions are held by Richard Miller. Our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for setting the strategic direction of
the Company and the day-to-day leadership and performance of the Company and as the Chairman he sets the agenda for the Board meetings,
presides over meetings of the Board and tries to reach a consensus on Board decisions. The Board believes it should be able to freely
select the Chairman of the Board based on criteria that it deems to be in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders, and
therefore one person may serve as both the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics and conduct applicable to all of our directors, officers, employees and all persons performing similar
functions. A copy of that code is attached as Exhibit 14.1 to this filing.
We expect that any amendments to the code, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed in our public filings with the Commission. 

Corporate
Governance Guidelines 

We
have adopted a corporate governance guidelines that serve as a flexible framework within which our Board and its committees operate.
These guidelines cover a number of areas including the size and composition of the Board, Board membership criteria and director qualifications,
director responsibilities, Board agenda, roles of the chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, Board member access to management and independent advisors,
director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior
management and management succession planning. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1.
any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2.
any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
offenses); 

3.being
subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or
to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4.
being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5.
being subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation,
any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud
or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6.
being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
or persons associated with a member. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

No
compensation was paid to our principal executive officer and our two other most highly compensated executive officers during the fiscal
years indicated below. 

Stock 
 Option 
 All
 Other 
 Total 
 
 Name
 and Principal 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Compensation 
 
 Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) (3) 
 ) (3) 
 ) (4) 
 ) 
 
 Richard
 Miller (1)(4) 
 2023 
 175,000 
 50,000 

25,000 
 250,000 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 2022 
 145,833 
 - 
 - 
 
 5,000 
 150,833 

Douglas
 O. McKinnon (2)(4) 
 2023 
 61,875 
 25,000 

12,500 
 99,375 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Taft Flitner 
 2023 
 100,000 
 68,717 

- 
 168,617 
 
 President 
 2022 
 100,000 
 4,321 

104,321 

Deborah
 McDaniel-Hand 
 2023 
 90,000 
 58,717 

158,617 
 
 Vice President of Production,
 Development and Operations 
 2022 
 90,000 
 17,820 

107,820 

1. 
 Mr.
 Miller was appointed as Chief Executive Officer on January 1, 2023. 

2. 
 Mr.
 McKinnon was appointed Chief Financial Officer on August 14, 2023. 

3. 
 There
 were no equity incentive plan compensation, option awards, nor stock awards in 2023 and 2022. 

4. 
 Mr.
 Miller and Mr. McKinnon were paid 25,000 and 12,500 respectively for Director fees in 2023. 

Employment
Agreements with Named Officers 

Richard
Miller 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Richard Miller on January 1, 2023, pursuant to which we employ Mr. Miller as Chief Executive
Officer. The agreement provides for an annual base salary of 175,000 and 175,000 in stock options annually. The options have a cashless
exercise. The base salary and stock options will increase 10 annually for the following two (2) years of the agreement in 2023 and 2024.
Mr. Miller is eligible for periodic bonuses in addition to his base salary, as may be determined by our board of directors and the compensation
committee. 

The
agreement also contains the following material provisions: eligible to participate in pension and other retirement plans, group life
insurance, hospitalization, surgical and major medical coverage, sick leave, disability and salary continuation, vacation and holidays,
cellular telephone and all related costs and expenses, long-term disability, and other fringe benefits and entitled to reimbursement
for all reasonable and necessary business expenses. Mr. Miller agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under his agreement. 

Douglas
McKinnon 

On
August 5, 2019 (the McKinnon Execution Date ), Jupiter Wellness, Inc. Jupiter entered into a written employment
agreement with Douglas McKinnon, pursuant to which Mr. McKinnon shall serve as Jupiter s Chief Financial Officer (the McKinnon
Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the McKinnon Employment Agreement, Mr. McKinnon was granted 300,000 shares of Jupiter common
stock. The McKinnon Employment Agreement has a term of three (3) years and shall automatically renew for one (1) year periods unless
otherwise terminated by either party. Mr. McKinnon shall be paid a salary in an amount commensurate with his position and responsibilities
at similar companies, subject to the mutual agreement between Jupiter and Mr. McKinnon. Effective June 1, 2021, the McKinnon Employment
Agreement was amended such that if Mr. McKinnon is terminated either Voluntarily or Involuntarily other than for Cause, including but
not limited to (i) a Change of Control or Attempted Change of Control, (ii) material merger or other material business combination, (iii)
change of Board of Directors or Executive Officers or (iv) or other events as set forth in the respective Employment Agreement, the Employee
is entitled to all compensation remaining to be paid during the then-current term of the Employment Agreement or one year whichever is
greater plus an additional two-years. In connection with the spin-off of SRM from Jupiter, effective August 14, 2023, SRM
assumed the responsibilities, terms, and conditions of the McKinnon Employment Agreement. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

Taft
Flittner 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Taft Flittner on January 1, 2023, pursuant to which we employ Mr. Flittner as President. The
agreement replaced the previous employment agreement Mr. Flittner had with Jupiter Wellness dated July 22, 2021. This agreement provides
for an annual base salary of 100,000 and fifty thousand (50,000) ISO options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock
pursuant to the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. The ISO options will vest in annually tranches and be fully vested two years from the date
of the agreement. The option s strike price will be the closing price on the date of issuance. Mr. Flittner shall receive an annual
bonus(s based on a percentage of EBITDA, growth and other factors which will be determined by the Board. 

The
agreement also contains the following material provisions: eligible to participate in pension and other retirement plans, group life
insurance, hospitalization, surgical and major medical coverage, sick leave, disability and salary continuation, vacation and holidays,
cellular telephone and all related costs and expenses, long-term disability, and other fringe benefits and entitled to reimbursement
for all reasonable and necessary business expenses. Mr. Flittner agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under his agreement. 

Deborah
McDaniel-Hand 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Deborah McDaniel-Hand on January 1, 2023, pursuant to which we employ Ms. McDaniel-Hand as
Vice President of Product Development Operations. The agreement replaced the previous employment agreement Ms. McDaniel-Hand had
with Jupiter Wellness dated July 22, 2021. This agreement provides for an annual base salary of 96,000 and fifty thousand (50,000) ISO
options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock pursuant to the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. The ISO options will vest
in annual tranches and be fully vested two years from the date of the agreement. The option s strike price will be the closing
price on the date of issuance. Ms. McDaniel-Hand shall receive a bonus of 1 of recognized revenues in addition to her base salary, which
may be paid, at the election of Ms. McDaniel-Hand, in cash or shares of Common Stock (calculated at the fair market value of such shares
as determined by the Board). A cash bonus will be paid semi-annually. 

The
agreement also contains the following material provisions: eligible to participate in pension and other retirement plans, group life
insurance, hospitalization, surgical and major medical coverage, sick leave, disability and salary continuation, vacation and holidays,
cellular telephone and all related costs and expenses, long-term disability, and other fringe benefits and entitled to reimbursement
for all reasonable and necessary business expenses. Ms. McDaniel-Hand agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under her agreement. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Stock
Incentive Plan 

On
March 21, 2023, our Board of Directors and majority shareholders, respectively, approved the SRM Entertainment, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2023 Plan ), to be administered by our Compensation Committee. Pursuant to the 2023 Plan, we are authorized to
grant options and other equity awards to officers, directors, employees and consultants. The purchase price of each share of common stock
purchasable under an award issued pursuant to the 2023 Plan, shall be determined by our Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion,
at the time of grant, but shall not be less than 100 of the fair market of such share of common stock on the date the award is granted,
subject to adjustment. Our Compensation Committee shall also have sole authority to set the terms of all awards at the time of grant.
Pursuant to the 2023 Plan, a maximum of 1,500,000 shares of our common stock shall be set aside and reserved for issuance, subject to
adjustments as may be required in accordance with the terms of the 2023 Plan. At December 31, 2023 the Company had issued a 100,000 stock
grant to one of the company s consultants and a total of 90,000 stock options to three of our Directors. 

Director Compensation 

 The following table sets forth the amounts paid to Directors during the years ended 

 December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Directors 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Richard Miller 
 25,000 
 5,000 
 
 Douglas O. McKinnon 
 12,500 
 - 
 
 Christopher Marc Melton 
 25,000 
 5,000 
 
 Gary Herman 
 25,000 
 5,000 
 
 Hans Haywood 
 25,000 
 5,000 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The
following table as of March 29, 2024 sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting
securities by (i) any person or group beneficially owning more than 5 of any class of voting securities; (ii) our directors, and;
(iii) each of our named executive officers; and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group as of March 29,
2024. The information
presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person
is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting
of the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any
security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within 60 days through the
conversion or exercise of any convertible security, warrant, option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a
beneficial owner of the same securities. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of all listed stockholders is c/o SRM
Entertainment, Inc., 1061 E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter, FL 33477. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Shares
 of 
 
 of Shares of 

Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 

Beneficially 
 Beneficially 
 
 Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Owned 
 Owned 
 
 Directors
 and Officers: 

Richard
 Miller (1) 
 900,000 
 8.2 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

Douglas
 McKinnon (2) 
 436,388 
 4.0 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 

Taft
 Flitner (3) 
 450,000 
 4.1 
 
 President 

Deborah
 McDaniel-Hand (4) 
 200,000 
 1.8 
 
 Vice
 President of Production, Development and Operations 

Gary
 Herman (5) 
 70,000 
 0.6 
 
 Director 

Hans
 Haywood (6) 
 70,000 
 0.6 
 
 Director 

Christopher
 Melton (7) 
 70,000 
 0.6 
 
 Director 

All
 officers and directors (8 persons) 
 2,196,388 
 19.6 

. 

(1)
Includes 300,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(2)
Includes 200,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(3)
Includes 150,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(4)
Includes 100,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(5)
Includes 70,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(6)
Includes 70,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(7)
Includes 70,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
Company has established policies and other procedures regarding approval of transactions between the Company and any employee, officer,
director, and certain of their family members and other related persons. These policies and procedures are generally not in writing but
are evidenced by long standing principles adhered to by our Board. The disinterested members of the Board review, approve and ratify
transactions that involve related persons and potential conflicts of interest. Related persons must disclose to the disinterested
members of the Board any potential related person transactions and must disclose all material facts with respect to such transaction.
All such transactions will be reviewed by the disinterested members of the Board and, in their discretion, approved or ratified. In determining
whether to approve or ratify a related person transaction the disinterested members of the Board will consider the relevant facts and
circumstances of the transaction, which may include factors such as the relationship of the related person with the Company, the materiality
or significance of the transaction to the Company and the related person, the business purpose and reasonableness of the transaction,
whether the transaction is comparable to a transaction that could be available to the Company on an arms-length basis, and the impact
of the transaction on the Company s business and operations. 

Since
the beginning of fiscal year 2023 , the Company did not have any transactions to which it has been a participant that involved amounts
that exceeded or will exceed the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) one percent of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of the Company s directors, executive officers or any other related
person as defined in Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees totaling 65,000 and 90,000 were paid to M K CPAS during the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

No
other fees were paid to M K CPAS. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 
 Filed
 or Furnished Herewith 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form

Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of SRM Entertainment, Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.1 
 
 05/26/2023 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of SRM Entertainment, Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.2 
 
 05/26/2023 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to the Bylaws of SRM Entertainment, Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.3 
 
 05/26/2023 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of SRM Entertainment, Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 4.1 
 
 05/26/2023 

4.2 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 4.2 
 
 07/28/2023 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 04/01/2024 

10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement between Jupiter Wellness, Inc. and SRM Entertainment, Inc. dated December 9, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/26/2023 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement between SRM Entertainment, Inc. and Richard Miller dated January 1, 2023 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.2 
 
 05/26/2023 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement between SRM Entertainment, Inc. and Taft Flittner dated January 1, 2023 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.3 
 
 05/26/2023 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement between SRM Entertainment, Inc. and Deborah McDaniel-Hand dated January 1, 2023 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.4 
 
 05/26/2023 

10.5 
 
 License Agreement between SRM Entertainment, Inc. and LAFIG Belgium s.a. dated July 28, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.5 
 
 05/26/2023 

10.6 
 
 License Agreement between SRM Entertainment, Inc. and Zoonicorn, LLC dated July 17, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.6 
 
 05/26/2023 

10.7 
 
 License Agreement between SRM Entertainment, Inc., Taylored Concepts, LLC and ProToyTypes, LLC dated September 1, 2021 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.7 
 
 05/26/2023 

10.8 
 
 Addendum to License Agreement between SRM Entertainment, Inc., Taylored Concepts, LLC and ProToyTypes, LLC dated June 18, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.8 
 
 05/26/2023 

10.9 
 
 2023 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.9 
 
 05/26/2023 

10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement between Jupiter Wellness, Inc. and SRM Entertainment, Inc. dated May 26, 2023 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.10 
 
 05/26/2023 

10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement between Jupiter Wellness, Inc., formerly known as CBD Brands, Inc., and Douglas O. McKinnon dated August 5, 2019 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.11 
 
 07/18/2023 

10.12 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated August 3, 2023, between Jupiter Wellness, Inc. and SRM Entertainment, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/16/2023 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 10-K 
 
 14.1 
 
 04/01/2024 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 S-1 
 
 21.1 
 
 05/26/2023 

31.1 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 # 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 # 

X 
 
 97.1 
 
 SRM Entertainment, Inc. Compensation Recovery Policy 
 
 10-K 
 
 97.1 
 
 04/01/2024 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File - The cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 

X 

Management
 or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

# 
 
 This
 certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange
 Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing
 under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 18 th day of December, 2024. 

SRM
 Entertainment Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Richard Miller 

Richard
 Miller 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

/s/ Douglas McKinnon 

Douglas McKinnon 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

35 

 Table of Contents 

SRM ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

36 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of SRM Entertainment, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SRM Entertainment, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, statement of changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the two-year
period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022,
and the results of its consolidated operations and its cash flows for the two-year period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, audits of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audits Matters 

The
critical audits matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audits of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audits committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audits matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audits matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audits matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue
transactions and Improper Revenue Recognition 

As
discussed in the Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company generates its revenue from the sales of its products directly to the
end user and recognizes revenue when goods or products are shipped on a FOB shipping point. Understanding when the performance obligation
has been completed can sometimes require significant judgement. We tested the Company s support for all of the material revenue
sources and the timing in which the Company completed the related performance obligation. 

/s/

www.mkacpas.com 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April 1, 2024 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

SRM
Entertainment, Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Assets 

Cash 

Inventory 

Account
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and deposits 

Other
 current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Fixed
 assets, net of depreciation 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities 

Accounts
 Payable 

Promissory
 note from Parent 
 - 

Accrued
 and other liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Shareholders 
 Equity 

Preferred
 stock, par value, shares authorized of which are issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock, par value, authorized
 shares issued and outstanding on historical basis and issued and outstanding on a pro forma basis 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Common
 stock payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated
 deficits 

Total
 Shareholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

SRM
Entertainment, Inc. 

Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Operations 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2023 
 2022 

Years
 Ended 

December
 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Sales 

Cost
 of Sales 

Gross
 profit 

Operating
 expense 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income / (expense) 

Interest
 income 

Interest
 expense 

Other
 income 
 - 

Total
 other income (expense) 

Net
 income (loss) 

Net
 income (loss) per share: 

Basic
 and fully diluted 

Weighted
 average number of shares 

Basic
 and fully diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

SRM
Entertainment, Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Payable 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Retained 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Payable 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

- 

Net
 income 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

Shares
 issued for services 

Shares
 to be issued for services 

Fair
 value of Director options granted 

Net
 proceeds from public offering 

Acquisition
 of SRM Entertainment Inc (Nevada) 

Net
 loss 

Net
 income (loss) 

Balance
 December 31, 2023 

Balance

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

S.R.M.
Entertainment Limited 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 income (loss) 

Depreciation 

Stock
 based compensation 

Fair
 value of director options 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Promissory
 Note Due to Jupiter Wellness 
 - 
 - 
 
 Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses and deposits 

Accounts
 receivable 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 liabilities 

Loans
 from related parties 
 - 

Other
 current assets 

Net
 cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchase
 of fixed assets 

Acquisition
 of SRM Entertainment, Inc. (Nevada) 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash (used in) investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Cash loaned to affiliates 

Promissory
 notes paid in cash - Jupiter Wellness 

Net
 cash received from Initial Public Offering 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash (used in) financing activities 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at the end of the period 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

SRM
Entertainment, Inc. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended 

 December
31, 2023 and 2022 

corporation and was incorporated on . SRM. Entertainment Limited SRM Ltd ), is a limited company incorporated in the Hong Kong, now a Special Administrative Region of the People s
Republic of China, on January 23, 1981 and formerly owned by Jupiter Wellness, Inc.. Effective August 14, 2023, SRM Inc acquired SRM
Ltd. The acquisition of SRM Ltd by SRM Inc has been accounted for as a Reverse Acquisition (see Basis of Presentation below). The combined
SRM Inc and SRM Ltd are collectively referred to as the Company or SRM. 

On
December 9, 2022, we entered into a stock exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with Jupiter Wellness, Inc. Jupiter to govern the separation of our business from Jupiter. On May 26, 2023, we amended and restated the Exchange Agreement (the Share
Exchange to include additional information regarding the distribution and the separation of our business from Jupiter. The separation
as set forth in the Share Exchange with Jupiter closed August 14, 2023. Pursuant to the Share Exchange, on May 31, 2023, we issued 
shares of our Common Stock (representing of our outstanding shares of Common Stock) to Jupiter in exchange for ordinary shares
of SRM Ltd (representing all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of SRM Ltd). 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of US Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The acquisition
of SRM Ltd and SRM Inc occurred on August 14, 2023. The financial statements are prepared using Reverse Acquisition Accounting and as
such, for legal purposes SRM Inc was the acquiring company and for GAAP accounting, SRM Ltd was the acquiring company. Therefore, the
financial statements are presented using the historical financial statements of SRM Ltd. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Denominator: 

Denominator
 for basic earnings per share - Weighted-average of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding during the period 

Denominator
 for diluted earnings per share 

Basic
 (loss) per share 

Diluted
 (loss) per share 

The
Company s performance obligations are satisfied when goods or products are shipped on a FOB shipping point basis as title passes
upon shipment. Our products are generally paid in advance of shipment or standard net 30 days and we offer no specific right of return,
refund or warranty related to our products except for cases of defective products of which there have been none to date. 

 equating to approximately and , respectively, less a valuation allowance in the amount of approximately
 and . Because of the Company s lack of earnings history, the deferred tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation
allowance in the years ended December 31, 2032 and 2022. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

,
consisting of deposits on orders of , prepaid insurance of and other prepaid expenses of . At December 31,
2022, the Company had prepaid expenses and deposits of ,
consisting of deposits on orders of , prepaid and other prepaid expenses of . 

and , net of depreciation of and , respectively
as follows: 

Computer
 equipment and software 

Fixed
 assets, gross 

Accumulated
 depreciation 

Total
 assets, net of depreciation 

At
December 31, 2023 and 2022 other assets consisting of non-depreciable molds totaled and , respectively. 

to Jupiter Wellness, Inc., its Parent. On September
1, 2022, the loan was converted to a six percent interest-bearing promissory note (the Note due on the earlier of: (i) September 30, 2023 or (ii) the date on which Maker
consummates an initial public offering of its securities. During 2022, the Company paid 
 to Jupiter related to the Note consisting of
 principal
reduction and interest,
leaving a Note balance of 1,482,673 at December 31, 2022. The total balance of Note and interest) due
Jupiter was paid from proceeds of the Company s Initial Public Offering IPO on August 14, 2023 (see IPO included
in Note 8 below). 

shares of its common stock at a price of per share, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company
of approximately million. Net proceeds to the Company, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses
paid by the Company, were . All shares sold in the IPO were registered pursuant to the Registration Statement,
declared effective by the SEC on August 14, 2023. EF Hutton acted as lead book-running manager for the offering and Dominari Securities
LLC acted as co-manager for the offering. The underwriters did not exercise their option to purchase up to an additional shares
of common stock. The Company paid the underwriters an underwriting discount of eight percent of the amount raised in the offering.
Additionally, as partial consideration for services rendered in connection with the offering, the Company issued EF Hutton warrants to
purchase an aggregate of shares of Company common stock, representing of the aggregate shares sold in the offering. The warrants
are exercisable at per share, which represents of the initial public offering price per share in the IPO, at any time and
from time to time, in whole or in part, commencing on February 10, 2024, 180 days from the effective date of the Registration Statement,
and expiring on August 14, 2028. The Company has applied the net proceeds from the IPO for the development of licensed goods, expansion
of SRM products, increased deposits, accounts receivable and inventory, marketing, advertising, and trade shows, general administrative
expenses, repayment of a promissory note payable to Jupiter Wellness, and general corporate purposes. 

shares of our Common Stock (representing of our outstanding shares of Common Stock) in exchange for ordinary shares of SRM Ltd
(representing all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of SRM Ltd) (the Share Exchange ). Pursuant to the Share
Exchange, we acquired from Jupiter by operation of law all assets and assumed all liabilities comprising our business, which were owned
and held by SRM Ltd. Jupiter distributed shares of the Company s common stock to Jupiter s stockholders and certain
warrant holders (out of the million shares issued in May 2023) and this occurred on the effective date of the Registration Statement
but prior to the closing of the IPO. Following such distribution, Jupiter Wellness owns million of the shares of common
stock outstanding and SRM Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The
financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of US Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The merger of SRM Ltd and SRM
Inc occurred on August 14, 2023. The financial statements are prepared using Reverse Acquisition Accounting and as such, for legal purposes
SRM Inc was the acquiring company and for GAAP accounting, SRM Ltd was the acquiring company. Therefore, the financial statements are
presented using the historical financial statements of SRM Ltd including the shares of common stock issued to Jupiter. 

Initial
Public Offering - On August 14, 2023, the Company consummated its IPO, pursuant to which it sold shares of its common
stock at a price of per share, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately million. Net proceeds to the Company,
after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses paid by the Company, were approximately million. All
shares sold in our IPO were registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-272250), as amended (the Registration
Statement ), declared effective by the SEC on August 14, 2023. EF Hutton acted as lead book-running manager for the offering and
Dominari Securities LLC acted as co-manager for the offering. The underwriters did not exercise their option to purchase up to an additional
 shares of common stock. The Company paid the underwriters an underwriting discount of eight percent of the amount raised
in the offering. Additionally, as partial consideration for services rendered in connection with the offering, the Company issued EF
Hutton warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Company common stock, representing of the aggregate shares sold in
the offering. The warrants are exercisable at per share, which represents of the initial public offering price per share in
the IPO, at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, commencing on February 10, 2024, 180 days from the effective date of
the Registration Statement, and expiring on August 14, 2028. 

Preferred
Stock The Company has shares, par value, of Preferred Stock authorized of which none are issued 

Common
Stock The Company has 
 shares of Common Stock, par value 
 authorized. At December 31, 2023, the Company
had shares
of its common stock issued and outstanding 

Shares
issuances 

The
Company issued Founder shares at par value. 

The
Company issued shares issued in connection with the Exchange Agreement described above. 

The
Company issued shares in connection with its IPO as described above. 

The
Company entered into four Consulting Agreements (the Agreements under the terms of which the Company issued shares
of its common stock valued at . The shares were valued at the market rate of the Company s stock on the date of the Agreements. 

Common
Stock Payable 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement that called for the issuance of shares valued
at . At December 31, 2023, these shares had not been issued and are included in Common stock Payable. The shares were valued
at the market rate of the Company s stock on the date of the Agreements. 

to three of its Directors with an exercise price of and
a five -year term. The Company recorded an expense of in connection with the Directors issuance. 

shares of its common stock for services. 

The
Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31, 2023, to the date these financial statements were issued and has determined
that it does not have any material subsequent events to disclose in these financial statements. 

F- 11 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

SRM
ENTERTAINMENT INC. 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Richard Miller, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of SRM Entertainment, Inc. 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
 under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether material or not, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 18, 2024 

/s/
 Richard Miller 

Richard
 Miller, 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

SRM
ENTERTAINMENT INC. 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Douglas McKinnon, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of SRM Entertainment, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
 under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether material or not, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 18, 2024 

/s/
 Douglas McKinnon 

Douglas
 McKinnon, 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

SRM ENTERTAINMENT INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Richard Miller, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report of
SRM Entertainment, Inc. on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K as amended fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of SRM Entertainment, Inc. 

Date: December 18, 2024 

/s/
 Richard Miller 

Richard
 Miller, 

Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

SRM ENTERTAINMENT INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Douglas McKinnon, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report of SRM Entertainment, Inc. on
Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K as amended fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of SRM Entertainment, Inc. 

Date:
 December 18, 2024 

By: /s/
 Douglas McKinnon 

Douglas
 McKinnon 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 srm-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 srm-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 srm-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 srm-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

