<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1808665_0001808665-24-000042.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7522135</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>121486</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1291350</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2659082</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1733305</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1552971</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001808665-24-000042.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112082845
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001808665-24-000042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Assertio Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001808665
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				850598378
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39294
		FILM NUMBER:		241443723

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 S. SAUNDERS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LAKE FOREST
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60045
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(224) 419-7106

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 S. SAUNDERS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LAKE FOREST
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60045

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001808665-24-000042.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 asrt-20240930.htm
 10-Q

asrt-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) 
 (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION) (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER) 
 , 
 , 
 (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES; ZIP CODE) 
 ) 
 (REGISTRANT S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s): Name of each exchange on which registered: 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of issued and outstanding shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.0001 par value, as of November 6, 2024, was . 

ASSERTIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Signatures 
 
 2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ASSERTIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued rebates, returns and discounts Accrued liabilities Contingent consideration, current portion Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15 
 par value, shares authorized; 
 and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

ASSERTIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Product sales, net Royalties and milestones Other revenue Total revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of sales Research and development expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) Amortization of intangible assets Loss on impairment of intangible assets Restructuring charges Total costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Debt-related expenses ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Other gain (loss) ) ) Total other income (expense) ) ) Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net loss and comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Basic net loss per share ) ) ) ) Diluted net loss per share ) ) ) ) Shares used in computing basic net loss per share Shares used in computing diluted net loss per share 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

ASSERTIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit Shareholders Equity Shares Amount 
 Balances at June 30, 2024 ) Common stock issuance and other impacts of the vesting and settlement of equity awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Balances at June 30, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Common stock issuances and other impacts of the vesting and settlement of equity awards ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with the Spectrum Merger, net of fractional share settlement Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

ASSERTIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2023 ) Common stock issuance and other impacts of the vesting and settlement of equity awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2022 ) Induced exchange of convertible notes (See Note 16 
 Common stock issuance and other impacts of the vesting and settlement of equity awards ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Issuance of common stock in connection with the Spectrum Merger, net of fractional share settlement Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

ASSERTIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs and Royalty Rights Accretion of interest income from short-term investments ) Loss on impairment of intangible assets Recurring fair value measurements of assets and liabilities ) Debt-related expenses Provisions for inventory and other assets Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisition: Accounts receivable Inventories ) ) Prepaid and other assets Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities ) ) Accrued rebates, returns and discounts ) Interest payable ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Purchases of property and equipment ) Purchase of Sympazan ) Net cash acquired in Spectrum Merger Proceeds from sale of short-term investments Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments Purchases of short-term investments ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Financing Activities Payments in connection with 2027 Convertible Notes ) Payment of direct transaction costs related to convertible debt inducement ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Payments related to the vesting and settlement of equity awards, net ) ) Other financing activities ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Net cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

ASSERTIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 NOTE 1. 

NOTE 2. 
 shares of the Company s common stock and (ii) contingent value 
 8 

, settleable in cash, additional shares of Assertio common stock or a combination of cash and additional shares of Assertio common stock at the Company s sole discretion, upon the achievement of certain sales milestones related to Spectrum s product ROLVEDON. Subject to adjustments, each CVR represents the right to receive up to payable upon ROLVEDON net sales (less certain deductions) achieving million during the calendar year ending December 31, 2024, and up to payable upon ROLVEDON net sales (less certain deductions) achieving million during the calendar year ending December 31, 2025. In addition, upon consummation of the Spectrum Merger, Spectrum s outstanding employee stock awards and other warrants that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date automatically vested (if unvested) or were cancelled, as applicable, which generally resulted in the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock and/or CVRs to the holders of such stock awards or other warrants, in each case as dictated by the terms of the Merger Agreement. These shares and CVRs issued are considered part of the consideration transferred, and no compensation expense was recognized because the settlement was a condition of the Merger Agreement and other existing individual agreements, no future performance is required by the holders, and the fair value of the shares and CVRs is equivalent to the fair value of the existing employee stock awards and other warrants. 
 
 Assertio closing price per share as of the Effective Date Fair value of Assertio shares issued Repayment of Spectrum's long-term debt (1) 
 CVRs (2) 
 Total fair value of consideration transferred 
 
 (1) Represents settlement of Spectrum s existing long-term debt in connection with the close of the transaction. The Company concluded it did not assume the debt, therefore the amount paid to settle the debt has been accounted for and included as part of the consideration transferred. 
 (2) Represents the Effective Date fair value of CVRs at per CVR issued to holders of Spectrum common stock, employee stock awards and warrants. 
 
 The CVRs represent a contingent consideration obligation measured at fair value and classified as liabilities on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of the CVR contingent consideration is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model under the income approach and is based on Level 3 inputs. Refer to Note 18 , Fair Value, for additional information. Fair value is based on the probability of achievement of 2024 and 2025 annual ROLVEDON net sales milestones. Significant assumptions include the discount rate and the probability assigned to the achievement of the net sales milestones. Achievement of both the 2024 and 2025 annual ROLVEDON net sales milestones would obligate the Company to transfer a maximum of approximately million of additional consideration. No additional consideration would be paid by the Company if neither the 2024 nor 2025 annual ROLVEDON net sales milestones are achieved. 
 
 9 

Marketable securities Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Property and equipment Intangible assets ) Other long-term assets Total ) Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued rebates, returns and discounts Accrued liabilities ) Other current liabilities Deferred taxes ) Other long-term liabilities Total ) Total Spectrum net assets acquired (1) 
 Goodwill ) 
 
 (1) Application of the acquisition method required the Company to adjust Spectrum assets and liabilities as of the Effective Date, including certain liabilities for variable consideration associated with ROLVEDON, to reflect conformity of Spectrum s accounting policies to those of Assertio. Liabilities assumed include certain bonuses owed to former Spectrum executives under the terms of existing employment agreements triggered by the consummation of the Spectrum Merger. 
 (2) Adjustments made to the preliminary purchase price allocation to fair value primarily reflect completion of studies and other analyses necessary to determine the income tax effects of the net identifiable assets acquired and further refinement of the assumptions used in the valuation supporting the ROLVEDON product rights. These adjustments did not materially impact the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss. 
 
 The income approach was primarily used to value the acquired intangible assets, representing rights to Spectrum s product ROLVEDON. Significant assumptions include the amount and timing of projected future cash flows; the discount rate selected to measure the inherent risk of future cash flows; and the assessment of the product s life cycle and the competitive trends impacting the product. The ROLVEDON product rights will be amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of years. 
 
 Acquisition costs related to the Spectrum Merger recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, were million and million, respectively. There were acquisition costs related to the Spectrum Merger recognized for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 10 

Net loss ) ) 

NOTE 3. 
 INDOCIN products Sympazan Otrexup SPRIX CAMBIA Other products Total product sales, net Royalties and milestone revenue Other revenue Total revenues 
 Product Sales, net 
 
 As a result of the Spectrum Merger, the Company began recognizing ROLVEDON sales in August 2023. 
 
 Other product sales, net, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 include product sales for OXAYDO and Zipsor. As the Company ceased OXAYDO product sales beginning in September 2023, other product sales, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 represent only net product sales of Zipsor. 
 Royalties and Milestone Revenue 
 
 In November 2010, the Company entered into a license agreement granting Tribune Pharmaceuticals Canada Ltd. (now known as Miravo Pharmaceuticals, or Miravo the rights to commercially market CAMBIA in Canada. Miravo independently contracts with manufacturers to produce a specific CAMBIA formulation in Canada. The Company recognized royalties revenue related to the CAMBIA licensing agreement of million and million for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company recognized milestone revenue associated with the completion of certain service milestones for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company recognized million of milestone revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 11 

NOTE 4. 
 million. 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories, net 
 
 million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 6. 
 
 Other current assets Total prepaid and other current assets 
 
 In August 2018, the Company entered into a Convertible Secured Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Agreement with NES Therapeutic, Inc. NES ), pursuant to which it purchased a Convertible Secured Promissory Note (the NES Note ). The Company s investment in the NES Note, which is included in other current assets, is accounted for as a loan receivable and is valued at amortized cost. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded a million credit loss reserve on its investment based on its evaluation of the probability of default that exists at NES. The credit loss reserve recorded in each period represents the entire aggregate principal amount and outstanding interest incurred on the NES Note as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The NES Note was amended on August 2, 2024, August 16, 2024 and August 31, 2024 to extend the maturity date of the Note Agreement, with no modifications to any other terms of the Note Agreement. The NES Note was further amended on September 15, 2024 (the Fourth Amendment to the Note Agreement to mature on May 16, 2025. The Fourth Amendment to the Note Agreement also provided the Company the ability to elect whether to convert its shares if certain events, as described in the Fourth Amendment to the Note Agreement, occur prior to May 16, 2025. The amendments to the NES Note is not expected to have a material impact to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

12 

NOTE 7. 
 Laboratory equipment Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Depreciation expense was million and million for three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense is recognized in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 

NOTE 8. 
 
 ) ) ) INDOCIN ) ) ) Sympazan ) ) Otrexup ) ) ) SPRIX ) ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Effective April 1, 2024, the Company revised the remaining estimated useful life of the INDOCIN product rights intangible asset to years, which better reflects the realization of the economic benefit of the intangible asset. The impact of this change in estimate is reflected in expected future amortization expense disclosed below. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 13 

NOTE 9. 
 Other Total other long-term assets 

NOTE 10. 
 Accrued restructuring costs (See Note 20 
 Other accrued liabilities Interest payable Accrued royalties Total accrued liabilities 

NOTE 11. 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Convertible Notes of million a nd million, respectively. 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 
 
 On August 22, 2022, Assertio entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), with U.S. Bank Trust Company as the trustee (the 2027 Convertible Note Trustee of the initial purchasers (the Initial Purchasers to issue million in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2027. Under the Purchase Agreement, the Initial Purchasers were also granted an overallotment option to purchase up to an additional million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes solely to cover overallotment (the Overallotment Option within a period from the date the initial 2027 Convertible Notes were issued. On August 24, 2022, the Initial Purchasers exercised the Overallotment Option in full for the million aggregate principal of additional 2027 Convertible Notes. The 2027 Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. 
 
 On February 27, 2023, the Company completed a privately negotiated exchange of million principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes (the Convertible Note Exchange ). As a result of the Convertible Note Exchange in the first quarter of 2023, the Company recorded an induced conversion expense of approximately million and direct transaction costs of approximately million, the total of which is reporte d in Debt-related expenses in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The induced conversion 
 14 

per share), subject to adjustments specified in the 2027 Convertible Note Indenture (the Conversion Rate ). The 2027 Convertible Notes will mature on September 1, 2027, unless earlier repurchased or converted. 
 
 The 2027 Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum payable semiannually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on March 1, 2023. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the 2027 Convertible Note Indenture, the Company and its restricted subsidiaries must comply with certain covenants, including mergers, consolidations, and divestitures; guarantees of debt by subsidiaries; issuance of preferred and/or disqualified stock; and liens on the Company s properties or assets. The Company was in compliance with its covenants with respect to the 2027 Convertible Notes as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Derivative liability for embedded conversion feature Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Carrying value 
 
 The debt issuance costs incurred related to the 2027 Convertible Notes are recognized as a debt discount and are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the 2027 Convertible Notes using the effective interest method, with an eff ective interest rate determined to be . The Company amortized million and million of the debt discount on the 2027 Convertible Notes during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, million of unamortized issuance costs related to the Convertible Note Exchange were recognized as Additional paid-in-capital. 
 
 The Company determined that an embedded conversion feature included in the 2027 Convertible Notes required bifurcation from the host contract and to be recognized as a separate derivative liability carried at fair value. See Note 18 , Fair Value, for further details around the estimated fair value of the derivative liability. All of the other embedded features of the 2027 Convertible Notes were clearly and closely related to the debt host and did not require bifurcation as a derivative liability, or the fair value of the bifurcated features was immaterial to the Company s financial statements. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense 
 
 15 

NOTE 12. 
 
 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Liability for uncertain tax provisions Deferred employee retention credits Other Total other long-term liabilities 

NOTE 13. 
 million and million fo r t he three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, was recognized in Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted million RSUs at a weighted-average fair market value of per share, and million stock options at a weighted-average fair market value of per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company granted million RSUs at a weighted-average fair market value of per share, and million stock options at a weighted-average fair market value of per share. 

NOTE 14. 
 
 facilities and certain office equipment which Spectrum had previously been the lessee (See Note 20 , Restructuring Charges). 

16 

Liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities 

NOTE 15. 
 
 of the C ompany s annual requirements of SPRIX. The Company agreed to purchase a minimum number of batches of SPRIX per calendar year from JHS over the term of the Jubilant HollisterStier Agreement. Total annual commitments to JHS are approximately million. 
 
 Antares Supply Agreement 
 
 In connection with the Otrexup acquisition, the Company entered into a supply agreement with Antares Pharma, Inc. Antares pursuant to which Antares will manufacture and supply the finished Otrexup products (the Antares Supply Agreement ). Under the Antares Supply Agreement, the Company has agreed to annual minimum purchase obligations from Antares, which are approximately million annually. The Antares Supply Agreement has an initial term through December 2031 and can be renewed thereafter. 
 
 Hanmi Supply Agreement 
 
 In connection with the Spectrum Merger, the Company assumed a Manufacturing and Supply Agreement (the Hanmi Agreement with Hanmi Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. Hanmi pursuant to which the Company engaged Hanmi to provide certain services related to the manufacture and supply of ROLVEDON for the Company s commercial use. The Company has agreed to purchase a minimum number of batches totaling approximately million in 2024 and million in 2025. The Company purchased million of inventory from Hanmi during th e nine months ended months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 17 

million. On February 3, 2022, the District Court issued its final order approving a settlement of the direct purchaser class plaintiffs claims against the Company in return for million. 
 
 With respect to the California state court lawsuits, on November 24, 2021, the state court granted in part and denied in part a demurrer by the defendants in the Humana action. That case was consolidated in November 2022 with the HCSC action 
 18 

such cases. In April 2022, the Judicial Panel on Multi-District Litigation issued an order stating that it would no longer transfer new opioid cases to the MDL Court. Since that time, Assertio Therapeutics has been named in lawsuits pending in federal courts outside of the MDL Court of which remains pending in Georgia). Plaintiffs may file additional lawsuits in which the Company may be named, and plaintiffs may also seek leave to add the Company to lawsuits already on file. Plaintiffs in the pending federal cases involving Assertio Therapeutics or Assertio Holdings include individuals; county, municipal and other governmental entities; employee benefit plans, health insurance providers and other payors; hospitals, health clinics and other health care providers; Native American tribes; and non-profit organizations who assert, for themselves and in some cases for a putative class, federal and state statutory claims and state 
 19 

20 

million in insurance reimbursement for previous opioid-related spend, which was recognized within Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 On July 16, 2021, Assertio Therapeutics filed a complaint for declaratory relief against one of its excess products liability insurers, Lloyd s of London Newline Syndicate 1218 and related entities Newline ), in the California Superior Court of Alameda. Newline removed the case to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (Case No. 3:21-cv-06642). Assertio Therapeutics was seeking a declaratory judgment that Newline has a duty to defend Assertio Therapeutics or, alternatively, to reimburse Assertio Therapeutics attorneys fees and other defense costs for opioid litigation claims noticed by Assertio Therapeutics. On May 18, 2022, Assertio Therapeutics entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release with Newline to resolve Assertio Therapeutics declaratory judgment action. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the parties settled and the coverage action was dismissed with prejudice. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2022, Assertio Therapeutics received million in insurance reimbursement for previous opioid-related spend, which was recognized within Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On April 1, 2022, Assertio Therapeutics filed a complaint against its former insurance broker, Woodruff-Sawyer Co. Woodruff ), in the California Superior Court of Alameda (Case No. 22CV009380). Assertio Therapeutics alleged claims for negligence and breach of fiduciary duty in connection with Woodruff s negotiation and procurement of products liability insurance coverage for Assertio Therapeutics. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2024, Assertio Therapeutics settled with Woodruff and received million in connection with its claims for insurance reimbursement for previous opioid-related legal expenses, which was recognized within Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 
 Stockholder Actions 
 
 Shapiro v. Assertio Holdings, Inc., et al., U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, Case No. 1:24-cv-00169. On January 5, 2024, this putative securities class action lawsuit was filed by a purported shareholder, alleging that Assertio and certain of its current and former executive officers made false or misleading statements and failed to disclose material facts regarding the likely impact of INDOCIN sales and the Spectrum Merger on Assertio s profitability in violation of Sections 10(b) (and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). On April 11, 2024, the court appointed Continental General Insurance Company as the lead plaintiff. The plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on June 10, 2024, that names as defendants Assertio and certain of its current and former officers and directors, and Spectrum and certain of its former officers and directors. It alleges violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act between March 9, 2023 and January 3, 2024, and violations of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act in connection with the proxy statement issued in connection with the Spectrum Merger. The defendants filed their motion to 
 21 

22 

additional related putative securities class action lawsuits were subsequently filed by Spectrum shareholders against Spectrum and certain of its former executive officers in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York: Osorio-Franco v. Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., Case No. 1:22-cv-10292 (filed December 5, 2022); Cummings v. Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., Case No. 1:22-cv-10677 (filed December 19, 2022); and Carneiro v. Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., Case No. 1:23-cv-00767 (filed January 30, 2023). These New York lawsuits allege that Spectrum and certain of its former executive officers made false or misleading statements about, inter alia, the safety and efficacy of and clinical trial data for poziotinib in violation of Section 10(b) (and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, and seek remedies including damages, interest, costs, attorneys fees, and such other relief as may be determined by the Court. On February 15, 2023, the Court consolidated the New York lawsuits. On March 21, 2023, the Court entered an order designating Steven Christiansen as the lead plaintiff. Lead plaintiff Christiansen filed an amended consolidated complaint in the New York Action under the caption Christiansen v. Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc, et al., on May 30, 2023, alleging a Class Period between March 17, 2022 and September 2022. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated New York Action on July 25, 2023. On January 23, 2024, the Court granted the motion to dismiss in part as to of the challenged statements but denied the motion to dismiss as to specific statements. The Company filed its answer to the complaint on March 8, 2024. On October 25, 2024, a Spectrum stockholder (Ayoub) filed a substantially similar putative securities class action complaint asserting the same claims against the same defendants on behalf of the same alleged class as the New York Action. On October 30, 2024, Christiansen and Ayoub jointly moved for class certification and for appointment as class representatives in the New York Action. On November 4, 2024, defendants filed a motion to disqualify Christiansen from serving as lead plaintiff and for a stay of proceedings pending appointment of a substitute lead plaintiff. On November 6, 2024, the Court set a briefing schedule on the defendants motion to disqualify (briefing to be completed by November 25, 2024) and stayed the New York Action pending resolution of the defendants motion. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself in this matter. 
 
 Csaba v. Turgeon, et. al. (filed December 15, 2021 in the U.S. District Court District of Nevada); Shumacher v. Turgeon, et. al. (filed March 15, 2022 in the U.S. District Court District of Nevada); Johnson v. Turgeon, et. al. (filed March 29, 2022 in the U.S. District Court District of Nevada); Raul v. Turgeon, et. al. (filed April 28, 2022 in the U.S. District Court District of Delaware); and Albayrak v. Turgeon, et. al. (filed June 9, 2022 in the U.S. District Court District of Nevada). These putative stockholder derivative actions were filed against Spectrum (as a nominal defendant) and certain of Spectrum s former executive officers and directors. The stockholder derivative complaints allege, inter alia, that certain of Spectrum s former executive officers are liable to Spectrum, pursuant to Section 10(b) and 21(d) of the Exchange Act for contribution and indemnification, if they are deemed (in the Luo class action), to have made false or misleading statements and failed to disclose material facts about Spectrum s business and the prospects of approval for its BLA to the FDA for ROLVEDON. The complaints generally but not uniformly further allege that certain of Spectrum s former officers and directors breached their fiduciary duties, and certain of Spectrum s former directors negligently violated Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, by allegedly causing such false or misleading statements to be issued and/or failing to disclose material facts about Spectrum s business and the prospects of approval for its BLA to the FDA for ROLVEDON. The allegations state that as a result of the violations, certain of Spectrum s former executive officers and directors committed acts of gross mismanagement, abuse of control, or were unjustly enriched. The plaintiffs generally seek corporate reforms, damages, interest, costs, attorneys fees, and other unspecified equitable relief. The parties have agreed to stay these derivative actions until there is a decision in the Luo Nevada securities class action either denying a motion to dismiss in whole or in part, or dismissing that securities class action with prejudice. These stays were lifted by the Nevada court on October 7, 2024. The defendants have since requested that the plaintiffs voluntarily agree to dismiss these suits for lack of standing. To date, the Csaba, Schumacher, Raul and Albayrak suits have been dismissed by agreement on this basis. 
 
 Enyart v. Assertio Holdings, Inc., et. al., In the Circuit Court of the Nineteenth Judicial Circuit, Lake County, Illinois, Case No. 2024LA00000842. On November 8, 2024, this putative securities class action lawsuit was filed by an alleged former Spectrum shareholder who received Assertio shares in the Spectrum Merger, alleging that Assertio and certain of its current and former officers and directors violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2), and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 in connection with the registration statement for the Assertio shares issued in connection with the Spectrum Merger. In general terms, the complaint alleges that the registration statement contained misrepresentations and omissions related to the value of adding ROLVEDON to Assertio s portfolio of products. The complaint seeks compensatory damages, rescission or a recessionary measure of 
 23 

NOTE 16. 
 
 million shares of its common stock to the previous holders of Spectrum common stock, net of a fractional share settlement. 
 
 Exchanged Convertible Notes 
 
 In connection with the Convertible Note Exchange (See Note 11, Debt) in the first quarter of 2023, the Company paid an aggregate of million in cash and issued an aggregate of approximately million shares of its common stock in partial settlement of the 2027 Convertible Notes (the Exchanged Notes ). The Company did not receive any cash proceed s from the issuance of the shares of its common stock but recognized additional paid-in capital of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, related to the common stock share issuance, net of approximately million of unamortized issuance costs related to the Exchanged Notes. 

NOTE 17. ) ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 
 24 

Stock-based awards and equivalents Total potentially dilutive common shares 

NOTE 18. 
 
 25 

Money market funds Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments: 
 U.S. Treasuries Short-term investments Total Liabilities Short-term contingent consideration Contingent consideration, current portion Derivative liability Long-term debt Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 Financial Statement Classification Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Cash equivalents: U.S. Treasuries Cash and cash equivalents U.S. Government agencies Cash and cash equivalents Money market funds Cash and cash equivalents Total Liabilities Short-term contingent consideration Contingent consideration, current portion Derivative liability Long-term debt Total 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity date at purchase of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company invests its cash in money market funds and marketable securities including U.S. Treasury and government agency securities, and higher quality debt securities of financial and commercial institutions. The Company classified money market funds as Level 1, due to their short-term maturity, and measured the fair value based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The Company classified U.S. Treasury and government agency securities as Level 2, as the inputs used to value these instruments are directly observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets. 
 
 S hort-Term Investments 
 
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity date at purchase of more than three months and less than one year to be short-term investments. The Company s short-term investments consist of marketable securities, which may include commercial paper and U.S. Treasury securities. The Company has classified its short-term investments as trading securities. The short-term investments are recorded at fair value using Level 2 inputs, as the inputs used to value these instruments are directly observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets. Gains and losses on short-term investments are included in Interest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 
 26 

million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, the fair value of the Company s CVR liability related to the Spectrum Merger was determined by the Company to be . During both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a benefit of million for the change in fair value of the CVR contingent consideration, which was recognized in Change in fair value of contingent consideration in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 
 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company s CVR liability related to the Spectrum Merger was also determined by the Company to be . Accordingly, the Compa ny recognized expense or benefit for the change in fair value of the CVR contingent consideration during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The fair value of the CVR contingent consideration is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model under the income approach based on the probability of achievement of ROLVEDON net sales milestones using projections of 2024 and 2025 net sales and discounted to present value. The significant assumptions used in the calculation of the fair value as of September 30, 2024 included updated projections of future ROLVEDON product net sales, which resulted in no probability of achievement under the Monte Carlo simulation. 
 
 Zyla Merger Contingent Consideration Obligation 
 
 In connection with the Zyla Merger, the Company assumed a contingent consideration obligation which is measured at fair value. The Company has obligations to make contingent consideration payments for future royalties to an affiliate of CR Group L.P. based upon annual INDOCIN product net sales over million at a royalty through January 2029. The Company classified the acquisition-related contingent consideration liabilities to be settled in cash as Level 3, due to the lack of relevant observable inputs and market activity. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the INDOCIN product contingent consideration was determined to be million and million, respectively, and has been classified as Contingent consideration, current in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 During each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recogniz ed an expense of million for the change in fair value of contingent consideration. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , the Company recognized a benefit of million and million , respectively, for the change in fair value of contingent consideration. Both were recognized in Change in fair value of contingent consideration in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. The fair value of the contingent consideration incurred in the Zyla Merger is determined using an option pricing model under the income approach based on estimated INDOCIN product net sales through January 2029 and discounted to present value. The significant assumptions used in the calculation of the fair value as of September 30, 2024 included updated projections of future INDOCIN product net sales. 
 
 27 

Fair value of contingent consideration incurred in Spectrum Merger Change in fair value of contingent consideration recorded within costs and expenses ) ) Cash payment related to contingent consideration ) Fair value, end of the period 
 
 Derivative Liability 
 The Company determined that an embedded conversion feature included in the 2027 Convertible Notes required bifurcation from the host contract and to be recognized as a separate derivative liability carried at fair value. The estimated fair value of the derivative liability, which represents a Level 3 valuation , wa s million as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , and was determined using a binomial lattice model using certain assumptions and consideration of an increased conversion ratio on the underlying convertible notes that could result from the occurrence of certain events. The significant assumption used in the binomial lattice model i s a credit spread of . 
 
 There was change in the fair value of the derivative liability for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a loss on the fair value adjustment of the derivative liability in the amount of million in Other gain (loss) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 Fair value, end of the period 
 
 Financial Instruments Not Required to be Remeasured at Fair Value 
 
 The Company s other financial assets and liabilities are not remeasured to fair value, as the carrying cost of each approximates its fair value. As of September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of the 2027 Convertible Notes, excluding the bifurcated embedded conversion option, was approximately million, comp ared to a par value of million. A s of December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of the 2027 Convertible Notes, excluding the bifurcated embedded conversion option, was approximately million, compared to a par value o f million . T he Company estimated the fair value of its 2027 Convertible Notes as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 based on a market approach, which represents a Level 2 valuation. 
 
 28 

NOTE 19. 
 
 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which represents an effective tax rate of ) and ) , res pectively. The difference between the income tax expense and the tax at the federal statutory rate of 21.0 on current year operations is principally due to the impact of the valuation allowance and state income taxes. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded income tax expense of million and million, respectively, which represents an effective tax rate of ) and ) , respectively. The difference between the income tax expense in each period and the tax at the federal statutory rate of 21.0 was principally due to the impact of the valuation allowance, offset by state taxes, disallowed officer s compensation, and capital expenses. 

NOTE 20. 
 
 million. In addition, the leased facilities and office equipment referenced above are not expected to be used for any business purpose, and the Company will not sublease the facilities and office equipment due to the short remaining lease terms. The facility exit costs represent the acceleration of the underlying right-of-use asset amortization to align with the cease use date for the abandoned facilities and office equipment. Total facility exit costs recognized under the Spectrum Reorganization Plan were approximately million . There are remaining facility exit costs expected to be recognized by the Company under the Spectrum Reorganization Plan . 
 
 Effective January 2, 2024, the Company separated from the service of its former President and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to his then existing Management Continuity Agreement with the Company, the former President and Chief Executive Officer was entitled to severance compensation and benefits of approximately million, which was recognized as Restructuring charges within the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss for the year ended December 31, 2023, the period in which the separation and related severance benefit was determined to be probable. The Company does expect to recognize any additional restructuring charges related to the separation from the former President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 The Company recognized restructuring charges of and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , respectively, all of which related to employee compensation costs. The Company recognized restructuring charges of million for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 29 

Restructuring accrual assumed in Spectrum Merger (See Note 2 
 Accrual additions Cash paid ) ) ) ) Balance as of the end of the period 
 
 30 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 Statements made in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are identified by words such as anticipate, approximate , believe, could, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may, might, opportunity, plan, potential, project, prospective, pursue, seek, should, strategy, target, will and other similar expressions. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not necessarily limited to, those relating to: 
 
 our ability to grow sales of, and the commercial success and market acceptance of, ROLVEDON and our other products, including the coverage of our products by payors and pharmacy benefit managers; 
 
 our ability to successfully develop and execute our sales, marketing and promotion strategies using our sales force and non-personal promotion model capabilities, including developing and maintaining relationships with customers, physicians, payors and other constituencies; 
 
 the entry and sales of generics of our products and/or other products competitive with any of our products (including indomethacin suppositories compounded by hospitals and other institutions including a 503B compounder which we believe is violating certain provisions of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act); 
 
 the timing and impact of additional generic approvals and uncertainty around the recent approvals and launches of generic INDOCIN products (which are not patent protected and now face generic competition as a result of the August 2023 approval and launch of generic indomethacin suppositories and January 2024 approval and subsequent launch of a generic indomethacin oral suspension product) on our future results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows; 
 
 our ability to successfully execute our business strategy, business development, strategic partnerships, and investment opportunities to build and grow for the future, including through product acquisitions, commercialization agreements, licensing or technology agreements, equity investments, and business combinations; 
 
 our ability to achieve the expected financial performance from products we acquire, as well as delays, challenges and expenses, and unexpected liabilities and costs associated with integrating and operating newly-acquired products, including our expectations around the sales and growth prospects of ROLVEDON; 
 
 our expectations regarding industry trends, including pricing pressures and managed healthcare practices; 
 
 our ability to realize anticipated benefits from our reorganization plan in connection with the Spectrum Merger; 
 
 our ability to attract and retain executive leadership and key employees; 
 
 the ability of our third-party manufacturers to manufacture adequate quantities of commercially salable inventory and active pharmaceutical ingredients for each of our products on commercially reasonable terms and in compliance with their contractual obligations to us, and our ability to maintain our supply chain which relies on single-source suppliers; 
 
 the outcome of, and our intentions with respect to, any litigation or government investigations, including pending and potential future shareholder litigation relating to the Spectrum Merger and/or the approval and launch of generic indomethacin suppositories in the second half of 2023, opioid-related government investigations and opioid-related litigation, the recently unsealed qui tam litigation, Spectrum s legacy shareholder and other litigation, and other disputes and litigation, and the costs and expenses associated therewith; 
 
 the timing, cost and results of our clinical studies and other research and development efforts, including the extent to which data from the ROLVEDON same-day dosing trial may support our ongoing commercialization efforts; 
 
 31 

our compliance or non-compliance with, or being subject to, legal and regulatory requirements related to the development or promotion of pharmaceutical products in the United States U.S. 
 
 the potential impacts of future outbreaks of epidemics, pandemics or other diseases on our liquidity, capital resources, operations and business and those of the third parties on which we rely, including suppliers and distributors; 
 
 our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our products and operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others; 
 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from our business to fund operations and to make payments on our indebtedness, our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness, if necessary, and our compliance with the terms and conditions of the agreements governing our indebtedness; 
 
 our ability to raise additional capital or refinance our debt, if necessary; 
 
 our intentions or expectations regarding the use of available funds and any future earnings or the use of net proceeds from securities offerings; 
 
 our commitments and estimates regarding future obligations, contingent consideration obligations and other expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 
 
 our counterparties compliance or non-compliance with their obligations under our agreements; 
 
 variations in revenues obtained from commercialization agreements, including contingent milestone payments, royalties, license fees and other contract revenues, including non-recurring revenues, and the accounting treatment with respect thereto; 
 
 the estimation, projection or availability of net operating losses or credit carryforwards; 
 
 the potential impacts of adverse business and economic conditions including inflationary pressures, economic slowdown or recession, relatively high interest rates, changes in monetary policy, potential U.S. federal government shutdowns, geopolitical conflicts and financial institution instability; and 
 
 our common stock maintaining compliance with The Nasdaq Capital Market s minimum closing bid requirement of at least 1.00 per share, particularly in light of our stock trading below or only slightly above 1.00 per share recently, as well as recent market activity by a short seller. 
 
 Factors that could cause actual results or conditions to differ from those anticipated by these and other forward-looking statements include those more fully described and incorporated by reference in the RISK FACTORS section and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2024 (the 2023 Form 10-K and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement publicly, or to revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or developments occurring after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 
 32 

COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 
 We are a pharmaceutical company with comprehensive commercial capabilities offering differentiated products to patients. We have built our product portfolio through the acquisition or licensing of approved products. Our commercial capabilities include marketing through both a sales force and a non-personal promotion model, market access through payor contracting, and trade and distribution. Our primary marketed products are: 
 
 ROLVEDON TM (eflapegrastim-xnst) injection for subcutaneous use 
 A long-acting granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) with a novel formulation that is indicated to decrease the incidence of infection, as manifested by febrile neutropenia, in adult patients with nonmyeloid malignancies receiving myelosuppressive anti-cancer drugs associated with clinically significant incidence of febrile neutropenia. INDOCIN (indomethacin) Suppositories 
 A suppository and oral solution of indomethacin used both in hospitals and out-patient settings. Both products are nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), indicated for: 
 Moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis including acute flares of chronic disease Moderate to severe ankylosing spondylitis INDOCIN (indomethacin) Oral Suspension 
 Moderate to severe osteoarthritis Acute painful shoulder (bursitis and/or tendinitis) Acute gouty arthritis Sympazan (clobazam) oral film A benzodiazepine indicated for the adjunctive treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome (LGS) in patients aged two years of age or older. Sympazan is the only product to offer clobazam in a convenient film with PharmFilm technology. Sympazan is taken without water or liquid, adheres to the tongue, and dissolves to deliver clobazam. Otrexup (methotrexate) 
 injection for subcutaneous use 
 A once weekly single-dose auto-injector containing a prescription medicine, methotrexate. Otrexup is a folate analog metabolic inhibitor indicated for the: 
 Management of patients with severe, active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (pJIA), who are intolerant of or had an inadequate response to first-line therapy. Symptomatic control of severe, recalcitrant, disabling psoriasis in adults who are not adequately responsive to other forms of therapy. 
 SPRIX (ketorolac tromethamine) Nasal Spray 
 A prescription NSAID indicated in adult patients for the short-term (up to five days) management of moderate to moderately severe pain that requires analgesia at an opioid level. SPRIX is a non-narcotic nasal spray that provides patients with moderate to moderately severe short-term pain relief in a form of ketorolac that is absorbed rapidly but does not require an injection administered by a healthcare provider. 
 CAMBIA (diclofenac potassium for oral solution) 
 A prescription NSAID indicated for the acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults 18 years of age or older. CAMBIA can help patients with migraine pain, nausea, photophobia (sensitivity to light), and phonophobia (sensitivity to sound). CAMBIA is not a pill; it is a powder, and combining CAMBIA with water activates the medicine in a unique way. 

On July 31, 2023 (the Effective Date , pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated as of April 24, 2023, we completed the acquisition of Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Spectrum ), a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company focused on novel and targeted oncology products (the Spectrum Merger ), through a merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours with and into Spectrum, with Spectrum surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. We accounted for the Spectrum Merger using the acquisition method of accounting under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805 and are considered the accounting acquirer. The results of operations of Spectrum are included in our condensed consolidated financial statements as of the Effective Date. 
 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each issued and outstanding share of Spectrum common stock as of the Effective Date was converted into the right to receive (i) 0.1783 shares of our common stock and (ii) one contingent value right CVR representing a contractual right to receive future conditional payments worth up to an aggregate maximum amount of 0.20, settleable in cash, additional shares of Assertio common stock or a combination of cash and additional shares of Assertio 
 33 

common stock at our sole discretion, upon the achievement of certain sales milestones related to Spectrum s product ROLVEDON. Subject to adjustments, each CVR represents the right to receive up to 0.10 payable upon ROLVEDON net sales (less certain deductions) achieving 175 million during the calendar year ending December 31, 2024, and up to 0.10 payable upon ROLVEDON net sales (less certain deductions) achieving 225 million during the calendar year ending December 31, 2025. In addition, upon consummation of the Spectrum Merger, Spectrum s outstanding employee stock awards and other warrants that were outstanding immediately as of the Effective Date automatically vested (if unvested) or were cancelled, as applicable, which generally resulted in the issuance of shares of Assertio common stock and/or CVRs to the holders of such stock awards or other warrants, in each case as dictated by the terms of the Merger Agreement. These shares and CVRs issued are considered part of the consideration transferred, and no compensation expense was recognized because the settlement was a condition of the Merger Agreement and other existing individual agreements, no future performance is required by the holders, and the fair value of the shares and CVRs is equivalent to the fair value of the existing employee stock awards and other warrants. 
 
 Segment Information 
 
 We manage our business within one reportable segment. Segment information is consistent with how management reviews the business, makes investing and resource allocation decisions, and assesses operating performance. To date, substantially all of our revenues are related to product sales in the U.S. 
 
 34 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 to the three months ended June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 The following table reflects loss from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Product sales, net: ROLVEDON 15,021 15,144 7,132 INDOCIN products 5,669 6,913 17,948 Sympazan 2,642 2,668 2,103 Otrexup 1,799 2,014 2,807 SPRIX 1,997 2,147 2,545 CAMBIA 1,363 1,403 1,993 Other products 214 406 609 Total product sales, net 28,705 30,695 35,137 Royalties and milestone revenue 499 431 490 Total revenues 29,204 31,126 35,627 Costs and expenses: Cost of sales 7,550 8,889 7,060 Research and development expenses 1,005 798 1,316 Selling, general and administrative expenses 16,726 18,385 21,005 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 300 (17,532) Amortization of intangible assets 6,671 6,671 10,184 Loss on impairment of intangible assets 238,831 Restructuring charges 3,034 Total costs and expenses 32,252 34,743 263,898 Loss from operations (3,048) (3,617) (228,271) 
 Product Sales, net 
 As a result of the Spectrum Merger, we began recognizing ROLVEDON sales in August 2023. ROLVEDON net product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 15.0 million, a decrease of 0.1 million from net product sales of 15.1 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and an increase of 7.9 million from net product sales of 7.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to June 30, 2024 was due to lower net pricing, which was almost entirely offset by higher volume. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023 is due to higher volume, which was partially offset by lower net pricing. We expect that the average selling price for ROLVEDON will continue to be negatively impacted for the remainder of 2024 due to higher discounts, chargebacks, and rebates given to our customers. 
 INDOCIN net product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 5.7 million, a decrease of 1.2 million from net product sales of 6.9 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and a decrease of 12.3 million from net product sales of 17.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024 was due to lower net pricing. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023 was primarily due to lower volume and pricing as a result of the August 2023 approval and launch of generic indomethacin suppositories. In the remainder of 2024, we expect INDOCIN net product sales to continue to be impacted unfavorably by increasing competition as a result of existing generic entrants, expected future generic entrants and other competitive products. 
 35 

Sympazan net product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 2.6 million, essentially unchanged from net product sales for the three months ended June 30, 2024 of 2.7 million. Sympazan net product sales increased 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to favorable payor mix and higher volume. 
 Otrexup ne t product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 1.8 million, a decrease of 0.2 million from net product sales of 2.0 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and a decrease of 1.0 million from net product sales of 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024 was primarily due to unfavorable payor mix, while the decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was due to unfavorable payor mix and lower volume. 
 SPRIX ne t product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 2.0 million, a decrease of 0.1 million from net product sales of 2.1 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and a decrease of 0.5 million from net product sales of 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to both the three months ended June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was primarily due to lower volume. 
 CAMBIA ne t product sales were 1.4 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. Net product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 0.6 million from net product sales of 2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower volume caused by generic entrants in 2023. 
 Other net product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 included net product sales of Zipsor of 0.2 million and 0.4 million, respectively. Other net product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2023 included net product sales of Zipsor of 0.6 million and less than 0.1 million of net product sales of OXAYDO. We ceased OXAYDO product sales beginning in September 2023. 
 The decrease in total product sales, net, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024 and three months ended September 30, 2023, also reflects a year-over-year increase in the amounts charged as a reduction to revenue for sales and return allowances, discounts, chargebacks, and rebates, which is primarily attributed to a shift in product mix with the addition of ROLVEDON and the decrease in product sales of INDOCIN. 
 
 Royalties Milestone Revenue 
 
 In November 2010, we entered into a license agreement granting Tribune Pharmaceuticals Canada Ltd. (now known as Miravo Pharmaceuticals, or Miravo the rights to commercially market CAMBIA in Canada. Miravo independently contracts with manufacturers to produce a specific CAMBIA formulation in Canada. We recognized royalties revenue related to the CAMBIA license agreement of 0.5 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and 0.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 We recognized no milestone revenue associated with the completion of certain service milestones for the three months ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales consists of costs of the active pharmaceutical ingredient, contract manufacturing and packaging costs, royalties payable to third parties, inventory write downs, product quality testing, internal employee costs related to the manufacturing process, distribution costs, and shipping costs related to our product sales. Cost of sales excludes the amortization of intangible assets. Fair value of inventories acquired through business combinations or asset acquisitions include an inventory step-up within the value of inventories. The inventory step-up value is amortized as the related inventory is sold and is included in cost of sales. 
 
 Cost of sales decreased 1.3 million from 8.9 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 to 7.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to 1.1 million of lower inventory write-downs and 0.5 million of ROLVEDON inventory step-up amortization included in the three months ended June 30, 2024, of which there was none in the three months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by a net increase of 0.3 million due to product mix. 
 
 Cost of sales increased 0.5 million from 7.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 7.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a 2.1 million increase in cost of sales related to ROLVEDON due to higher product sales and a net increase of 0.3 million due to product mix, partially offset by 1.9 million of 
 36 

ROLVEDON inventory step-up amortization included in the three months ended September 30, 2023, of which there was none during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cost of sales are impacted by both product volume and mix, changes in which will have an impact on Cost of sales recognized by us in future periods. For the remainder of 2024, we expect Cost of sales, as a percentage of sales, to be negatively affected due to changes in product volume and mix when compared to 2023. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses include salaries, costs for ongoing clinical trials, consultant fees, supplies, and allocations of corporate costs. It is difficult to predict the scope and magnitude of future research and development expenses for our product candidates in research and development, as it is difficult to determine the nature, timing and extent of planned or ongoing clinical trials and studies and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration s FDA requirements for a particular drug. As potential products proceed through the development process, each step is typically more extensive, and therefore more expensive, than the previous step. Therefore, success in development generally results in increasing expenditures until actual product approval. 
 
 Research and development expenses, representing primarily costs directly associated with ongoing clinical activity for ROLVEDON, were 1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, 0.8 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel, contract personnel, marketing and promotion expenses associated with our commercial products, personnel expenses to support our administrative and operating activities, facility costs, and professional expenses, such as legal and accounting fees. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.7 million from 18.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 to 16.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to (i) a net decrease of 1.4 million in legal-related expenses, primarily related to a reduction in a legal contingency, (ii) a decrease of 1.3 million in other general operating expenses, and (iii) a decrease of 0.9 million in marketing and promotion expenses. This was partially offset by the recognition of a 1.9 million insurance reimbursement in the three months ended June 30, 2024 for previous opioid-related legal expenses not repeating. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 4.3 million from 21.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 16.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to (i) 2.7 million of transaction-related expenses, primarily legal and professional fees, associated with the Spectrum Merger included in the prior year period, of which there were none in the current year period, (ii) a 1.3 million decrease in corporate costs, (iii) a decrease of 0.6 million in stock-based compensation expense, and (iv) a net decrease of 0.6 million in other general operating expenses. These decreases were partially offset by (i) a net increase of 0.5 million in legal-related expenses and (ii) 0.4 million of higher personnel expenses as a result of the Spectrum Merger. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 
 In connection with the Spectrum Merger, we issued CVRs that represent a contingent consideration obligation which is measured at fair value. See Company Overview for further information. 
 
 The fair value of the CVR contingent consideration is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model under the income approach based on the probability of achievement of ROLVEDON net sales milestones using projections of 2024 and 2025 net sales and discounted to present value. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , the fair value of the CVR liability was determined to be zero. The significant assumptions used in the calculation of the fair value as of September 30, 2024, included updated projections of future ROLVEDON net sales, which resulted in no probability of achievement under the Monte Carlo simulation. 
 
 Pursuant to our merger with Zyla Life Sciences Zyla in May 2020 (the Zyla Merger , we assumed a contingent consideration obligation for future royalties on annual INDOCIN product net sales which is measured at fair value. The fair values of both contingent consideration obligations are remeasured each reporting period, with changes in the fair value of each of the contingent consideration obligations resulting from changes in the respective underlying inputs being recognized in operating expenses until both the contingent consideration obligation arrangements are settled. 
 37 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an expense of 0.3 million, for the change in fair value of contingent consideration, compared to no expense or benefit for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and a benefit of 17.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 
 The fair value of the contingent consideration obligation incurred in the Zyla Merger is determined using an option pricing model under the income approach based on estimated INDOCIN product net sales through January 2029, and discounted to present value. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the INDOCIN product contingent consideration was de termined to be 3.0 million and 2.7 million, respectively . The significant assumptions used in the calculation of the fair value as of September 30, 2024 included updated projections of future INDOCIN product net sales. 
 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 
 The following table reflects amortization of intangible assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amortization of intangible assets ROLVEDON 1,516 1,516 3,900 Amortization of intangible assets INDOCIN 3,640 3,640 3,210 Amortization of intangible assets Sympazan 302 302 303 Amortization of intangible assets Otrexup 261 261 1,378 Amortization of intangible assets SPRIX 952 952 1,393 Total 6,671 6,671 10,184 
 
 Amortization expense was 6.7 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. Amortization expense in the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 3.5 million from amortization expense of 10.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of a decrease in amortization expense of 5.5 million attributable to the lower carrying value of intangible assets due to impairment charges recognized in the third and fourth quarters of 2023, partially offset by an increase in amortization expense of 2.0 million , which was due to revisions to decrease the remaining estimated useful life of the INDOCIN product rights intangible assets to 1.3 years as of April 1, 2024. We believe the revised remaining estimated useful life better reflects the realization of the economic benefit of the intangible asset. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the estimated undiscounted cash flows of the INDOCIN and SPRIX assets groups exceeded their respective carrying values by approximately 20 and 15 , respectively. The sum of the undiscounted cash flows could continue to decrease in the event of significant unfavorable changes in their estimated undiscounted future cash flows due to increased competition and, in the case of INDOCIN, due to potential future generic entrants. Any significant unfavorable changes in the estimated undiscounted future cash flows would also impact the related assets, such as inventory, leading to potential charges in addition to a potential impairment. Any future impairment of our long-lived assets, including INDOCIN and SPRIX, may result in material charges that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and financial results. 
 
 Loss on Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, our market capitalization declined to below the book value of our equity. Management determined that the Company s book value of equity exceeding its market capitalization represented an indicator of impairment with respect to its long-lived assets. 
 
 Applying the relevant accounting literature, we first assessed the recoverability of our long-lived assets. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, management concluded it was appropriate to group its assets at the entity level due to the significant shared operating cost structure which characterized Assertio at that time. We determined the carrying value of this asset group was not recoverable. Management then assessed and concluded that the fair value of the asset group was less than its carrying value and so recognized an impairment loss of 238.8 million, which was allocated to the intangible assets of the long-lived asset group and is recorded within Loss on impairment of intangible assets in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss. The fair value of the asset group was determined using both an income and a market approach and 
 38 

used Level 3 inputs. These inputs included estimates of forecasted cash flows and the selection of comparable revenue and earnings multiples utilizing guideline companies. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, our market capitalization continued to be below the book value of our equity. Management determined that the Company s book value of equity exceeding its market capitalization represented an indicator of impairment with respect to its long-lived assets. Applying the relevant accounting guidance, the Company first assessed the recoverability of our long-lived assets at the product level at each date. We determined that the estimated undiscounted cash flows were in excess of the carrying amounts for all of the Company s long-lived asset groups as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 
 Accordingly, the Company concluded that the long-lived asset groups are fully recoverable and did not recognize any loss on impairment of long-lived assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 or June 30, 2024. 
 
 Restructuring Charges 
 
 Restructuring charges were zero for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, and 3.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. In August 2023, we implemented a reorganization plan of our workforce and other resources primarily designed to realize the synergies of the Spectrum Merger (the Spectrum Reorganization Plan ). The Spectrum Reorganization Plan was primarily focused on the reduction of staff at our headquarters office and the exit of certain leased facilities. We do not expect to recognize any additional restructuring charges related to the Spectrum Reorganization Plan. We expect all cash payments under the Spectrum Reorganization Plan to be completed by the end of 2025. 
 
 We regularly evaluate our operations to identify opportunities to streamline operations and optimize operating efficiencies as an anticipation to changes in the business environment. 
 39 

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table reflects loss from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Product sales, net: ROLVEDON 44,643 7,132 INDOCIN products 21,265 76,369 Sympazan 7,927 7,232 Otrexup 6,695 9,222 SPRIX 5,581 6,807 CAMBIA 4,023 6,062 Other products 1,128 4,165 Total product sales, net 91,262 116,989 Royalties and milestone revenue 1,516 1,910 Other revenue 185 Total revenues 92,778 119,084 Costs and expenses: Cost of sales 27,616 17,299 Research and development expenses 2,536 1,819 Selling, general and administrative expenses 53,635 54,680 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 300 (8,124) Amortization of intangible assets 18,973 22,752 Loss on impairment of intangible assets 238,831 Restructuring charges 720 3,034 Total costs and expenses 103,780 330,291 Loss from operations (11,002) (211,207) 
 Product Sales, net 
 ROLVEDON net product sales were 44.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 7.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 37.5 million was primarily due the acquisition of Spectrum on July 31, 2024, which resulted in nine months of net product sales being included in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to only two months of net product sales included in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, in addition to higher volume, and partially offset by unfavorable payor mix. Additionally, we expect that the average selling price for ROLVEDON will continue to be negatively impacted for the remainder of 2024 due to higher discounts, chargebacks, and rebates given to our customers. 
 INDOCIN net product sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 21.3 million, a decrease of 55.1 million from net product sales of 76.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower volume and pricing as a result of the August 2023 approval and launch of generic indomethacin suppositories. In the remainder of 2024, we expect INDOCIN net product sales to continue to be impacted unfavorably by increasing competition as a result of existing generic entrants, expected future generic entrants and other competitive products. 
 Sympazan net product sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 7.9 million, an increase of 0.7 million from net product sales of 7.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to favorable payor mix and higher volume. 
 Otrexup net product sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 6.7 million, a decrease of 2.5 million from net product sales of 9.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to unfavorable payor mix and lower volume. 
 40 

SPRIX net product sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 5.6 million, a decrease of 1.2 million from net product sales of 6.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower volume. 
 CAMBIA net product sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 4.0 million, a decrease of 2.0 million from net product sales of 6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower volume caused by generic entrants in 2023. 
 Other net product sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 include net product sales for Zipsor of 2.8 million and net product sales for OXAYDO of 1.4 million. As we ceased OXAYDO product sales beginning in September 2023, other net product sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 1.1 million represent only net product sales of Zipsor. 
 The decrease in total product sales, net, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, also reflects a year-over-year increase in the amounts charged as a reduction to revenue for sales and return allowances, discounts, chargebacks, and rebates, which is primarily attributed to a shift in product mix with the addition of ROLVEDON and the decrease in product sales of INDOCIN and CAMBIA. 
 
 Royalties Milestone Revenue 
 
 We recognized royalties revenue related to the CAMBIA license agreement of 1.5 million fo r each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 We recognized no milestone revenue associated with the completion of certain service milestones for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 0.5 million and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 10.3 million from 17.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 27.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due an 11.8 million increase in cost of sales related to ROLVEDON, including higher inventory step-up from the Spectrum merger and 1.6 million of inventory write-downs for ROLVEDON for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by a decline of 1.2 million in INDOCIN cost of sales due to lower sales volume of that product, and a 0.3 million decrease in cost of sales associated with our other products. 
 
 Cost of sales are impacted by both product volume and mix, changes in which will have an impact on Cost of sales recognized by us in future periods. For the remainder of 2024, we expect Cost of sales, as a percentage of sales, to be negatively affected due to changes in product volume and mix when compared to 2023. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses increased 0.7 million from 1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to higher costs associated with ongoing clinical activity for ROLVEDON. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.0 million from 54.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 53.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to (i) 8.5 million of transaction-related expenses, primarily legal and professional fees, associated with the Spectrum Merger included in the prior year period, of which there were none in the current year period, (ii) lower non-ROLVEDON costs of 3.0 million, (iii) a 2.6 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense, and (iv) the recognition of a 1.9 million insurance reimbursement in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for previous opioid-related legal expenses, of which there were none in the prior year period. These decreases were partially offset by (i) costs related to ROLVEDON of 4.6 million, of which there were none in the prior year period, (ii) 6.2 million of higher personnel expenses following the Spectrum Merger, (iii) a net increase of 3.8 million in legal-related expenses, and (iv) 0.4 million of higher corporate costs following the Spectrum merger. 
 
 41 

Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized an expense of 0.3 million and a benefit of 8.1 million , respectively, for the change in fair value of contingent consideration. For information regarding the period-on-period change for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , see RESULTS OF OPERATIONS--Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 to the three months ended June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration above. 
 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 
 The following table reflects amortization of intangible assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amortization of intangible assets ROLVEDON 4,550 3,900 Amortization of intangible assets INDOCIN 9,876 9,631 Amortization of intangible assets Sympazan 909 909 Amortization of intangible assets Otrexup 783 4,133 Amortization of intangible assets SPRIX 2,855 4,179 Total 18,973 22,752 
 
 Amortization expense decreased 3.8 million from 22.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 19.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily as a result of a decrease in amortization expense of 9.2 million attributable to the lower carrying value of intangible assets due to impairment charges recognized in the third and fourth quarters of 2023, partially offset by (i) an increase of 0.6 million due to the additional amortization of the ROLVEDON product rights, acquired in July 2023, and (ii) an increase in amortization expense of 4.8 million, which was due to revisions to decrease the remaining estimated useful life of the INDOCIN product rights intangible assets to 1.3 years as of April 1, 2024. 
 
 For information regarding our impairment assessment of the INDOCIN and SPRIX asset groups as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, see RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 to the three months ended June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 Amortization of Intangible Assets above. 
 
 Loss on Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 For information regarding our impairment loss recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, see RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 to the three months ended June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 Loss on Impairment of Long-Lived Assets above. 
 
 Restructuring Charges 
 
 Restructuring charges were 0.7 million and 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For information regarding our reorganization plan associated with the Spectrum Merger, see RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 to the three months ended June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 Restructuring Charges above. 
 
 42 

The following is a discussion of Other Income (Expense) and Income Tax Provision for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 The following table reflects other income (expense) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Debt-related expenses (9,918) Interest expense (761) (752) (2,276) (2,625) Interest income 887 605 2,441 1,713 Other income (expense) 45 (467) 57 (112) Total other income (expense) 
 171 (614) 222 (10,942) 
 
 Total other income (expense) changed by 0.8 million from expense of 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to income of 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to 0.5 million of expense recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2023 for the change in the fair value of a derivative liability associated with an embedded derivative feature of our 2027 Convertible Notes, of which there was none in the current period, and higher interest income due to our investments in short-term investments, which yielded higher investment returns in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Total other income (expense) changed by 11.2 million from expense of 10.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to income of 0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to debt-related expenses incurred in the prior year, lower interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to the privately negotiated exchange of 30.0 million principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes (the Convertible Note Exchange ), and higher interest income due to our investments in short-term investments in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Debt-related expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of an induced conversion expense of approximately 8.8 million and direct transaction costs of approximately 1.1 million incurred as a result of the 30.0 million Convertible Note Exchange in the first quarter of 2023, as further described under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources below. There were no similar debt-related expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The following table reflects interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest payable on 2027 Convertible Notes 650 650 1,950 2,275 Amortization of debt issuance costs 111 102 326 350 Total interest expense 761 752 2,276 2,625 
 
 Total interest expense for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 0.8 million. Total interest expense decreased 0.3 million from 2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a lower principal balance of our outstanding 6.5 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027. 
 
 Income Tax Provision 
 
 We recorded an income tax expense of less than 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which represents an effective tax rate of (1.5) and (3.0) , respectively. The difference between the income tax expense and the tax at the federal statutory rate of 21.0 on current year operations is primarily due to the impact of the valuation allowance and state income taxes. As of September 30, 2024, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that we will realize our net deferred tax asset recorded as of September 30, 2024. As a result, we have recorded a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2024. 
 43 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded an income tax expense of 50.7 million and 52.4 million, respectively, which represents an effective tax rate of (22.1) and (23.6) , respectively. The difference between the income tax expense and the tax at the federal statutory rate of 21.0 was principally due to the impact of the valuation allowance, offset by state taxes, disallowed officer s compensation, and capital expenses. As part of our valuation allowance assessment as of September 30, 2023, we were no longer able to rely on our projected availability of future taxable income from pre-tax income forecasts. As such, we primarily relied on our reversing taxable temporary differences to assess our valuation allowance, which resulted in recording of the full valuation allowance during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 We have and continue to finance our operations and business development efforts primarily from product sales, private and public sales of equity securities, including convertible debt securities, the proceeds of secured borrowings, the sale of rights to future royalties and milestones, upfront license, milestone and fees from collaborative and license partners. 
 
 On August 22, 2022, we issued 70.0 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes which mature on September 1, 2027, and bear interest at the rate of 6.5 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year beginning March 1, 2023 (the 2027 Convertible Notes ). On February 27, 2023, we completed the Convertible Note Exchange. Pursuant to the Convertible Note Exchange, 6,990,000 shares of the Company s common stock, plus an additional 10.5 million in cash, were issued in a partial settlement of the 2027 Convertible Notes. 
 
 The terms of the 2027 Convertible Notes are governed by an indenture dated August 25, 2022 (the 2027 Convertible Note Indenture ). Pursuant to the terms of the 2027 Convertible Note Indenture, we and our restricted subsidiaries must comply with certain covenants, including mergers, consolidations, and divestitures; guarantees of debt by subsidiaries; issuance of preferred and/or disqualified stock; and liens on our properties or assets. We were in compliance with our covenants with respect to the 2027 Convertible Notes as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund our operations and make the required payments under our debt agreements due for at least the next twelve months from the date of this filing. We base this expectation on our current operating plan, which may change as a result of many factors. 
 
 Our cash needs may vary materially from our current expectations because of differences between the actual cash impacts and our expected impacts related to numerous factors, including: 
 
 acquisitions or licenses of complementary businesses, products, technologies or companies; 
 declines in sales of our marketed products, including those resulting from the entry and sales of generics and/or other products competitive with any of our products; 
 expenditures related to our commercialization of our products, including our efforts to manage supply costs and enhance the long-term prospects of ROLVEDON product sales; 
 milestone and royalty revenue we receive under our collaborative development arrangements; 
 interest and principal payments on our current and future indebtedness; 
 financial terms of definitive license agreements or other commercial agreements we may enter into; 
 changes in the focus and direction of our business strategy and/or research and development programs; 
 potential expenses relating to any litigation matters, including relating to Assertio Therapeutics recently unsealed qui tam litigation (for which mediation is scheduled for December 2, 2024 following DOJ and Assertio Therapeutics exchanging various settlement offers which have been rejected) and Assertio Therapeutics other litigation relating to its prior opioid product franchise for which we have not accrued any reserves in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance; 
 potential expenses, including termination expenses, if a decision is made to cease development of Spectrum s de-prioritized development asset poziotinib; and 
 expenditures related to future clinical trial costs. 
 
 The inability to raise any additional capital that may be required to fund our future operations, payments due under our debt agreement, or product acquisitions and strategic transactions that we may pursue could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 44 

The following table reflects summarized cash flow activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 14,860 43,897 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (50,029) 3,336 Net cash used in financing activities (291) (35,286) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (35,460) 11,947 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 14.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 43.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower net product sales and a change in product mix for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net loss was 11.1 million compared to a net loss of 274.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Excluding the non-cash items impacting the net loss in each period of 28.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 320.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the decrease in cash provided by operating activities was driven by a decrease in cash contributions from net product sales and a change in product mix, partially offset by a decrease in net working capital cash used by operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net working capital cash used by operations of approximately 2.1 million was 0.1 million lower than net working capital cash used in operations of approximately 2.2 million in the same period in 2023 , primarily due to lower settlements of accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, lower settlements of accrued rebates, returns and discounts due to the impact of sales product mix as well as timing of settlement, and was partially offset by decreased cash from accounts receivable payments. 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities are impacted by, among other things, net product sales, operating profit and changes in working capital. Fluctuations in any of these will impact our cash flows from operating activities recognized in future periods, and cash flows from operating activities in future periods may vary significantly from those in prior periods as a result of these factors. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 50.0 million, which consisted of 73.6 million of purchases of short-term investments in highly liquid marketable securities with a maturity date at purchase of more than three months and less than one year, offset by 23.5 million of proceeds from maturities of short-term investments. Cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was 3.3 million, which consisted of 2.2 million of proceeds from the sale of investments and 2.0 million of net cash acquired in the Spectrum Merger, partially offset by cash paid for the transaction costs incurred with the acquisition of Sympazan and cash paid for purchases of property and equipment. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 Cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 0.3 million, which consisted entirely of cash used for employees withholding tax liability upon the vesting of employee stock awards. Cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was 35.3 million, which primarily consisted of (i) a 15.4 million payment for contingent consideration related to INDOCIN, (ii) 10.5 million in cash payments related to the Company s 2027 Convertible Notes, (iii) 1.1 million of direct transaction cost payments made in connection with the Convertible Note Exchange, and (iv) cash payments related to the vesting and settlement of equity awards, of which 2.6 million related to the cash settlement of the vested performance restricted stock units RSUs ), 3.4 million related to the total cash payment of taxes for the net share settlement of the vested performance RSUs, and 1.8 million related to cash used for employees withholding tax liability on stock award releases, net of cash received from stock option exercises. 
 
 45 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our principal material cash requirements consist of obligations related to our debt, our contingent consideration obligations, payments for rebates, returns and discounts, non-cancelable contractual obligations for our purchase commitments, and non-cancelable leases for our office space. There were no material changes to our material cash requirements from contractual or other obligations outside the ordinary course of business or due to other factors since we filed our 2023 Form 10-K . For a description of our material contractual or other obligations, see Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT ESTIMATES 
 
 Critical accounting policies are those that require significant judgment and/or estimates by management at the time that the financial statements are prepared such that materially different results might have been reported if other assumptions had been made. We consider certain accounting policies related to revenue recognition, acquisitions, impairment of long-lived assets, contingent consideration obligations, and income taxes to be critical policies. These estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. We believe there have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and significant judgements and estimates since we filed our 2023 Form 10-K. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates in our 2023 Form 10-K for further information. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and therefore are not required to provide the information called for by this Item 3. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 We review and evaluate the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures on an ongoing basis to improve our controls and procedures over time and to correct any deficiencies that we may discover in the future. Our goal is to ensure that our senior management has timely access to all material financial and non-financial information concerning our business. While we believe the present design of our disclosure controls and procedures is effective to achieve our goal, future events affecting our business may cause us to significantly modify our disclosure controls and procedures. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 We are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could have a material impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including those hereby incorporated by reference from (i) Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K; and (ii) Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. There have been no material changes to our risk factors since our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2024. In addition to other information in this report, the following risk factor, together with the risks and uncertainties referenced above, should be considered carefully in evaluating an investment in our securities. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, results of operations or financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. The risks and uncertainties referenced above are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware or that we currently deem immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 We did not repurchase any shares of the Company s common stock during the period covered by this Quarterly Report, except for shares surrendered to us, as reflected in the following table, to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of equity awards. 
 
 (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (1) 
 (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 6,423 1.34 N/A N/A August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 1,323 1.29 N/A N/A September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 N/A N/A Total 7,746 1.33 
 
 (1) Consists of shares withheld to pay employees tax liability in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units granted under our stock-based compensation plans. These shares may be deemed to be issuer purchases of shares. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 31.1 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 _______________________________________________________ 
 Furnished Herewith 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: November 12, 2024 ASSERTIO HOLDINGS, INC. /s/ Brendan P. O Grady Brendan P. O Grady Chief Executive Officer /s/ Ajay Patel Ajay Patel Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 49 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Brendan P. O Grady, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Assertio Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Brendan P. O Grady Brendan P. O Grady Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Ajay Patel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Assertio Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Ajay Patel Ajay Patel Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Assertio Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brendan P. O Grady, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 s Brendan P. O Grady Brendan P. O Grady Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322-q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Assertio Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ajay Patel, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 s Ajay Patel Ajay Patel Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 asrt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 asrt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 asrt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 asrt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 asrt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

