<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_320017_0000320017-24-000058.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6629617</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71805</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1679697</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1876992</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1562970</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1332365</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000320017-24-000058.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112161045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000320017-24-000058
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LISATA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320017
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				222343568
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33650
		FILM NUMBER:		241448204

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 ALLEN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SECOND FLOOR
		CITY:			BASKING RIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07920
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-229-2590

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 ALLEN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SECOND FLOOR
		CITY:			BASKING RIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07920

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CALADRIUS BIOSCIENCES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170808

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NeoStem, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060906

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000320017-24-000058.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 lsta-20240930.htm
 10-Q

lsta-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Transition Period from __________________ to _________________________ 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding as of November 12, 2024 Common stock, 0.001 par value per share shares 

Index 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This quarterly report (this Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as well as historical information. When used in this Quarterly Report, statements that are not statements of current or historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, all statements related to any expectations of revenues, expenses, cash flows, earnings or losses from operations, cash required to maintain current and planned operations, capital or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any plans or expectations with respect to product research, development and commercialization, including regulatory approvals; any other statements of expectations, plans, intentions or beliefs; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Without limiting the foregoing, the words plan, project, forecast, outlook, intend, may, will, expect, anticipate, likely, believe, could, anticipate, estimate, continue, target or similar expressions or other variations or comparable terminology are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. We remind readers that forward-looking statements are merely predictions and therefore inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors and involve known and unknown risks that could cause the actual results, performance, levels of activity or our achievements or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance, levels of activity or our achievements or industry results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from anticipated results expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among others: 
 our ability to obtain sufficient capital or strategic business arrangements to fund our operations and expansion plans, including collecting amounts owed to us under various licensing and other strategic arrangements, meeting our financial obligations under various licensing and other strategic arrangements, the funding of our clinical trials for product candidates, and the commercialization of the relevant technology; 
 our ability to build and maintain the management and human resources infrastructure necessary to support the operation and/or growth of our business; 
 whether a market is established for our products and our ability to capture a meaningful share of this market; 
 scientific, regulatory and medical developments beyond our control; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain, as applicable, appropriate governmental licenses, accreditations or certifications or to comply with healthcare laws and regulations or any other adverse effect or limitations caused by government regulation of our business; 
 whether any of our current or future patent applications result in issued patents, the scope of those patents and our ability to obtain and maintain other rights to technology required or desirable for the conduct of our business, and our ability to commercialize products without infringing upon the claims of third-party patents; 
 whether any potential strategic or financial benefits of various licensing agreements will be realized; 
 our ability to diversify our pipeline of development product candidates, which could include an acquisition, merger, business combination, in-license or other strategic transaction, and whether any of such efforts will result in us entering into or completing any transaction or that any such transaction, if completed, will add to shareholder value; 
 the results of our development activities; 
 our ability to complete our other planned clinical trials (or initiate other trials) in accordance with our estimated timelines due to delays associated with enrolling patients due to the novelty of the treatment, the size of the patient population, competition with other clinical trials for similar subjects, patient and/or investigator site availability and accessibility due to external macroenvironmental factors and the need of patients to meet the inclusion criteria of the trial or otherwise; 
 the extent to which any future public health crisis and their long-term effects may impact, directly or indirectly, our business, including our clinical trials and financial condition; and 
 other factors discussed in Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 29, 2024 (our 2023 Form 10-K ). 
 The factors discussed herein, including those risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in our 2023 Form 10-K and in our other periodic filings with the SEC, which are available for review at www.sec.gov, could cause actual results and developments to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by these and other factors. Readers are cautioned not to place undue 
 2 

Index 

 reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 3 

Index 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I- FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Page No. Item 1. 
 Financial Statements: 
 5 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September , 30 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended S e ptem ber 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended S e ptember 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three and nine months ended Sept ember 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 8 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended S e ptember 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 10 
 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 31 
 PART II- OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 33 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 33 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 33 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 33 
 
 Signatures 
 34 
 
 4 

Index 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

LISATA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS (Unaudited) Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities 
 Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Acquired license - intangible, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 13) par value, authorized shares; issued 
 and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and 
 outstanding, and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 
 respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. stockholders' equity Non-controlling interests ) ) Total equity Total liabilities, non-controlling interests and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Index 

LISATA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating Expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Investment income, net Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Total other income Net loss before benefit from income taxes and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Benefit from income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Less - net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. common stockholders ) ) ) ) Basic and diluted loss per share Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Basic and diluted shares 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Index 

 LISATA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive gain (loss): Available for sale securities - net unrealized gain Cumulative translation adjustment arising during the period ) ) Total other comprehensive gain (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. common stockholders 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Index 

 LISATA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Total Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. Stockholders' Equity Non- Controlling Interest in Subsidiary Total Equity Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Total Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. Stockholders' Equity Non- Controlling Interest in Subsidiary Total Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation Net proceeds from issuances of common stock Proceeds from option exercises Unrealized gain on marketable securities Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Index 

9 

Index 

 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Total Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. Stockholders' Equity Non- Controlling Interest in Subsidiary Total Equity Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) Unrealized gain on marketable securities Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Total Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. Stockholders' Equity Non- Controlling Interest in Subsidiary Total Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation Net proceeds from issuances of common stock Unrealized gain on marketable securities Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 10 

Index 

 LISATA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Share-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Loss on disposal of fixed assets Loss from equity method investment Amortization/accretion on marketable securities ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid and other current assets ) Other assets Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of marketable securities ) ) Sale of marketable securities Investment in Impilo Therapeutics ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of options Tax withholding payments on net share settlement equity awards ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Index 

 LISATA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 
 . 
 
 12 

Index 

Note 2 

years Computer equipment years Software years Leasehold improvements Life of lease 
 13 

Index 

Intangible Asset 
 The Company s intangible asset consists of a single asset, a license agreement with Qilu Pharmaceutical, Co., Ltd. Qilu acquired in the Company's acquisition of Cend Therapeutics, Inc (the Cend Merger ), with a value of million. The intangible asset is stated at fair value and is amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life of years. Amortization expense was thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The projected amortization expense is thousand per year for the next 3.00 years. 
 
 14 

Index 

There was revenue recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 recognized revenue related to milestones. 
 Royalties 
 For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on the level of sales, and for which the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied). To date, the Company has recognized any royalty revenue from any collaborative arrangement. 
 15 

Index 

 Note 3 
 ) ) Commercial paper Money market funds Agency bonds Treasury bills ) Municipal debt securities Total ) ) 

Marketable securities Total 

Greater than one year Total 

Note 4 
 Leasehold improvements Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 The Company s results included depreciation expense of approximately thousand and thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

16 

Index 

Note 5 
 
 Warrants Restricted stock units 

Note 6 
 Marketable securities - available-for-sale 
 
 The carrying values of cash, cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, due to the short maturity nature of these items. 
 
 17 

Index 

 Note 7 
 Clinical and R D related liabilities Accounting tax consulting liabilities Operating lease liabilities current Other Total 

Note 8 
 
 18 

Index 

 Total Right-of-Use Asset Operating Lease Liabilities: Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total Operating Lease Liabilities 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease term for our operating lease was year, and the weighted average discount rate for our operating lease was . As of December 31, 2023, the weighted average remaining lease term for our operating leases was years, and the weighted average discount rate for our operating leases was . 
 2025 Total lease payments Less: Amounts representing interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 

Note 9 
 million. As of the date of this filing and so long as the Company s public float remains below 75.0 million, the Company is subject to limitations pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 (the Baby Shelf Limitation ), which limits the amount the Company can offer to up to one-third of its public float during any trailing 12-month period. Subsequent to the filing of a prospectus supplement to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279034) relating to the at the market offering on August 21, 2024, the aggregate market value of its outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately million. Pursuant to the Baby Shelf Limitation, since the aggregate market value of the Company's outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates was below million at the time of such prospectus supplement filing, the aggregate amount of securities that the Company is permitted to offer and sell is now , which is equal to one-third of the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates as of August 20, 2024. If the Company s public float exceeds 75.0 million on a future measurement date, it will no longer be subject to the Baby Shelf Limitation. There were issuances of common stock under the ATM Agreement for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Since inception, the Company has issued shares of common stock under the ATM Agreement for net proceeds of . 

19 

Index 

Changes during the period: Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Vested at September 30, 2024 or expected to vest in the future Vested at September 30, 2024 

Restricted Stock 
 Value of restricted stock issued 
 
 The vesting terms of restricted stock issuances are generally between one and . 
 
 Changes during the Year: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at September 30, 2024 

20 

Index 

Value of restricted stock units issued 
 
 The weighted average estimated fair value of restricted stock units issued for services in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and per share, respectively. The fair value of the restricted stock units was determined using the Company s closing stock price on the date of issuance. The vesting terms of restricted stock unit issuances are generally , or upon the achievement of performance-based milestones. 
 Changes during the Year: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at September 30, 2024 

Note 10 
 
 General and administrative Total share-based compensation expense 
 
 Expected weighted-average period in years of compensation cost to be recognized 

21 

Index 

Weighted average estimated fair value of shares granted 
 
 Valuation Assumptions 
 The fair value of stock options and warrants at the date of grant was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected volatility is based upon historical volatility of the Company s stock. The expected term for the options is based upon observation of actual time elapsed between date of grant and exercise of options for all employees. The expected term for the warrants is based upon the contractual term of the warrants. 

Note 11 
 million and million respectively, of Federal NOLs available to offset future taxable income expiring from 2030 through 2036. The Company performed an analysis and determined that they had an ownership change of greater than 50 on September 15, 2022. As a result of the ownership change, million of Federal NOLs will expire unutilized. The Company wrote off that portion of the deferred tax asset and reduced the corresponding valuation allowance resulting in approximately million of remaining Federal NOLs as of December 31, 2022. The write off of the deferred tax asset and the corresponding reduction in valuation allowance has no impact to the balance sheet or income statement. Losses incurred before the ownership change on September 15, 2022 will be subject to an annual limitation of zero while losses incurred after September 15, 2022 will not be subject to limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Cend Therapeutics, Inc. Cend had approximately million of Federal NOLs available to offset future taxable income. The Company performed an analysis and determined that there was an ownership change of greater than 50 on September 15, 2022. As of September 15, 2022 Cend has approximately million of Federal and million of state NOLs. The state NOLs will expire from the 2036 through 2042 tax years. Using a fair market value of million and applying an applicable federal rate of Cend will have an annual limitation of approximately thousand each year. The Federal NOL of thousand incurred in the post-acquisition period September 15, 2022 to December 31, 2022 is not subject to limitation and does not expire. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, Cend s wholly owned Australian subsidiary had approximately million and million, respectively, of NOLs which will be carried forward and do not expire. There is a full valuation allowance against the NOLs. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had federal research and development credit carryforwards of million expiring from 2027 through 2034 if unutilized, and state research and development credit carryforwards of million, which carryforward indefinitely. Utilization of these credits may be subject to an annual limitation based on changes in ownership. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had State NOLs available in New Jersey of million and million, respectively, California of million and million, respectively, and New York City of million and million, respectively, to offset future taxable income expiring from 2032 through 2043. The usage of the Company s NOLs is limited given the change in ownership. 
 The Company applies the Financial Accounting Standards Board provisions for uncertain tax positions. The Company utilizes the two-step process to determine the amount of recognized tax benefit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant taxing authority. The Company recognizes interest and penalties associated with certain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company s uncertain tax positions were thousand and thousand, respectively. The uncertain tax positions are due to the acquisition of Cend related to Federal and state credits and certain state 
 22 

Index 

 million of its New Jersey net operating losses NJ NOLs ), which were subsequently sold to a qualifying and approved buyer pursuant to the Program for net proceeds of million. The sale of NJ NOLs resulted in a million deferred income tax benefit and a loss on sale of million recorded in other income (expense) in the consolidated financial statements. 

Note 12 
 
 to (depending upon the income tax rate) for qualified research and development activities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, recorded as an income tax incentive receivable in prepaid and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets, as the Company determined that the expenses met the eligibility criteria and the amounts claimed are expected to be received shortly after the related tax returns are filed. On July 26, 2024, the Company's Australian subsidiary received a million tax refund from the Australian Taxation Office related to the 2023 tax year. 

Note 13 
 million within days of the effective date and the Company effected payment on April 4, 2024. Lingmed is also entitled to of any future milestone payments received by the Company under the license agreement with Qilu in addition to a sum of thousand with respect to the first future milestone received by the Company. On April 9, 2024, pursuant to the parties joint request, the Court entered a dismissal with prejudice of the entire action as to all parties and all claims and the matter was settled. 

Note 14 
 23 

Index 

 shares of its pre-seed preferred stock to the Company. On October 3, 2023 in connection with the Sanford Burnham Prebys license agreement (Note 15) Impilo cancelled the original stock certificate for shares and reissued shares of its pre-seed preferred stock to the Company. 
 On March 15, 2024, the Company purchased a Simple Agreement for Future Equity ("SAFE") from Impilo for thousand. On July 12, 2024, the Company purchased an additional SAFE from Impilo for thousand. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the Company owned of Impilo. These investments were expensed under the equity method of accounting for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in other expense, net in the accompanying statement of operations. The SAFE has a valuation cap of million and an discount rate. 

Note 15 
 shares of common stock, as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split and Exchange Ratio. The Company is required to pay an annual license maintenance fee of thousand increasing to thousand on year seven of the agreement. The Company could also be required to make milestone payments to SBP upon completion of certain regulatory and commercial milestones. The aggregate potential milestone payments are approximately million. The Company has also agreed to pay SBP royalties of of net sales of products sold by the Company, or through a sublicense, subject to certain reductions. Additionally, the Company is obligated to pay SBP of any sublicensing income, which, pursuant to the technology transfer agreement with Impilo, resulted in SBP receiving shares of the Company s pre-seed preferred stock in Impilo on October 3, 2023. 
 The agreement will expire upon the later of (i) the final abandonment of all pending patent applications within the licensed patents or (ii) the expiration of the last to expire patent within the licensed patents. The agreement may be terminated in its entirety by the Company at any time by giving SBP sixty days prior written notice. The agreement may be terminated in its entirety by SBP if the Company, at any time, defaults in the payment of any sum when due and fails to make such payment within thirty days after receipt of written notice. The agreement may be terminated in its entirety by either SBP or the Company (i) in the event of an uncured material breach by the other party, or (ii) in the event the other party (a) files for, or is involuntarily petitioned with, bankruptcy (other than dissolution or winding up for the purposes of reconstruction or amalgamation), (b) makes an assignment of all or substantially all of its assets for the benefit of creditors, or (c) has a receiver or trustee is appointed and is unable to secure a dismissal, stay or other suspension of such proceedings within thirty days. Upon termination of the agreement for any reason, all rights and obligations of the Company with respect to the patents and patent applications shall terminate and revert to SBP. 
 SBP did t own shares of the Company s common stock as of September 30, 2024. 

Note 16 
 million to Cend, which was recognized as revenue by Cend prior to the Company's acquisition of Cend on September 15, 2022 (the Cend Merger ). In addition, Cend received and recognized as revenue a million development milestone prior to the Cend Merger. The Company is eligible to receive additional development and commercial milestone payments up to million and million, respectively, tiered royalties on net sales ranging from to , and tiered sublicensing revenues ranging from to . 
 24 

Index 

 of any future milestone payments received by the Company under the Qilu Agreement, in addition, Lingmed is also entitled to a sum of thousand with respect to the first future milestone received by the Company. 
 Unless terminated early, the Qilu Agreement will continue in effect until the expiration of all Qilu payment obligations. Either party may terminate the Qilu Agreement if an undisputed material breach by the other party is not cured within a defined period of time, or upon notice for insolvency-related events of the other party that are not discharged within a defined time period. Qilu may terminate the Qilu Agreement in its entirety, at any time with at least written notice. All rights and obligations of Qilu with respect to such licensed patents and patent applications would terminate simultaneously. 
 
 25 

Index 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There is no guarantee that our clinical development programs will be successful or result in the necessary regulatory approvals. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements herein and under Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative therapies for the treatment of solid tumors and other major diseases. Our investigational product, certepetide (formerly known as LSTA1 or CEND-1), is designed to activate a novel uptake pathway that allows co-administered or tethered (i.e., molecularly bound) anti-cancer drugs to target and penetrate solid tumors more effectively. Certepetide actuates this active transport system in a tumor-specific manner, resulting in systemically co-administered anti-cancer drugs more efficiently penetrating and accumulating in the tumor, while normal tissues are expected to remain unaffected. Certepetide has also been shown to modify the tumor microenvironment TME by reducing T-regulatory cells and augmenting cytotoxic T cells, thereby making tumors more susceptible to immunotherapies while also inhibiting the metastatic cascade (i.e., the spread of cancer to other parts of the body). We and our collaborators have amassed significant non-clinical data demonstrating enhanced delivery of a range of existing and emerging anti-cancer therapies, including chemotherapeutics, immunotherapies, and RNA-based therapeutics. To date, certepetide has also demonstrated favorable safety, tolerability and activity in completed and ongoing clinical trials designed to enhance delivery of standard-of-care chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer. We are exploring certepetide as a means to enable a variety of treatment modalities to treat a range of solid tumors more effectively. Currently, certepetide is the subject of several Phase 2 clinical studies being conducted globally in a variety of solid tumor types, including metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (mPDAC), cholangiocarcinoma, appendiceal cancer, colon cancer and glioblastoma multiforme in combination with a variety of anti-cancer regimens. 
 Our leadership team has decades of collective biopharmaceutical and pharmaceutical product development experience across a variety of therapeutic categories and at all stages of development from preclinical through to product registration and launch. Our goal is to develop and commercialize products that address important unmet medical needs. 
 Targeted Solid Tumor Penetration via CendR Active Transport 
 Many solid tumor cancers, including, for example, pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma PDAC and cholangiocarcinoma, are surrounded by dense fibrotic tissue, known as the tumor stroma. This stroma often limits the efficacy of current chemotherapies for these cancers. Emerging immunotherapies, including but not limited to checkpoint inhibitors and adoptive cell therapies (e.g., chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CAR-Ts)), also face challenges in effectively treating solid tumors. Many tumors exhibit an immunosuppressive TME, which suppresses a patient's immune system and can thus limit the effectiveness of immunotherapies and/or contribute to metastases. These factors, i.e., the combination of a dense stroma and an immunosuppressive TME, negatively impact the ability of many therapeutic agents to effectively treat these cancers. 
 To address the tumor stroma s role as a key impediment to effective treatment, our approach is to activate the C-end rule CendR ), or CendR active transport mechanism, a naturally occurring transport system. Our investigational drug, certepetide (a specific internalizing R-G-D or iRGD peptide), activates this transport system in a tumor-specific manner (Sugahara, Science, 2010). Certepetide enables more selective and efficient uptake of systemically administered anti-cancer drugs resulting in more intratumoral drug accumulation. The overall expected result is enhanced anticancer activity without an increase in adverse side effects. While it is possible to couple/tether or conjugate some anticancer drugs to certepetide, we believe that our initial approach of co-administration of certepetide with anti-cancer therapies is advantageous. Co-administration does not create a new chemical entity NCE with its attendant development and regulatory hurdles, thereby providing an anticipated faster-to-clinic and faster-to-market product opportunity for a range of combination therapies. That said, an attractive life-cycle management strategy for certepetide would be to molecularly bind it to a variety of anti-cancer agents (as an alternative to co-administration), thereby creating new NCEs with the potential for distinct patent protection, compositionally or otherwise. 
 Certepetide has demonstrated favorable safety, tolerability, and activity to date in clinical trials enhancing the delivery of standard-of-care chemotherapies for mPDAC. Certepetide s cancer-targeted delivery may also enable emerging solid tumor treatment modalities to prove more effective. For example, preliminary results of the combination of certepetide with immunotherapy and chemotherapy are promising. 
 
 26 

Index 

Certepetide as a treatment for solid tumor cancers in combination with other anti-cancer agents 
 Certepetide is an investigational drug that actuates the CendR active transport mechanism. Certepetide has been shown to modify the TME, making it less immunosuppressive and thereby making the tumor more susceptible to attack by the immune system while also inhibiting the metastatic cascade. It targets tumor vasculature, endothelial cells, tumor cells and some intratumoral immunosuppressive cells by its selective affinity for alpha-v beta-3 and beta-5 integrins that are upregulated on these cells. Certepetide is a nine amino acid cyclic internalizing RGD iRGD peptide that, once bound to these integrins, undergoes proteolytic cleavage to release a linear peptide fragment, called a CendR peptide fragment. The CendR peptide fragment then binds with high selectivity and affinity to an adjacent receptor, called neuropilin-1, also upregulated in solid tumors, to activate a novel uptake pathway that allows circulating anticancer drugs to more selectively and effectively penetrate solid tumors. The ability of certepetide and iRGD peptides to modify the TME to enhance delivery and efficacy of co-administered drugs has been demonstrated in many preclinical models in a range of solid tumors. Lisata, its collaborators, and research groups around the world have published over 350 related scientific papers in this regard. 
 Clinically, certepetide was the subject of a completed Phase 1b/2a trial inclusive of 31 first-line mPDAC patients, of which 29 were evaluable. Results from the trial showed that the safety profile of the certepetide combination regimen was similar to standard of care SoC alone with certepetide being well-tolerated with no-dose limiting toxicities. An Objective Response Rate ORR of 59 was observed, compared to the 23 ORR observed in the MPACT clinical trial that served as the basis for approval of nab-paclitaxel for use in combination with gemcitabine for the treatment of first line mPDAC (Von Hoff, et al. 2013). A Disease Control Rate DCR (partial and complete responses plus stable disease) of over 79 was also observed in comparison to a DCR of 48 observed in the MPACT trial. Reduction in the level of circulating tumor biomarker CA19-9 was observed in 96 of patients versus 61 in the MPACT trial. Importantly, median progression-free survival and median overall survival of nearly ten months and over thirteen months were observed versus less than six months and less than nine months, respectively, in the MPACT trial. These results have been published in The Lancet Gastroenterology and Hepatology (Dean, et al. 2022). 
 Additionally, certepetide is currently the subject of multiple ongoing and planned clinical trials being conducted globally in a variety of solid tumor types and in combination with several chemotherapy and immunotherapy anti-cancer regimens. The following diagram summarizes these studies. 

27 

Index 

 Additional Out-licensing Opportunities 
 Our intellectual property portfolio comprises notable programs available for out-licensing and/or partnering in order to augment or continue their clinical development. Our current long-term strategy focuses on advancing our therapies through development with the ultimate objective of obtaining market authorizations and entering commercialization, either alone or with partners, to provide treatment options to patients suffering from life-threatening medical conditions. We believe that we are well-positioned to realize potentially meaningful value increases within our own proprietary pipeline if we are successful in advancing our product candidates to their next significant development milestones. 

Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Operating Expenses: Research and development 2,542 3,380 (838) General and administrative 2,794 2,584 210 Total operating expenses 5,336 5,964 (628) Loss from operations (5,336) (5,964) 628 Total other income 406 703 (297) Benefit from income taxes Net loss (4,930) (5,261) 331 
 Overall, net losses were 4.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Operating Expenses 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, operating expenses totaled 5.3 million, compared to 6.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing a decrease of 0.6 million or 10.5 . Operating expenses are comprised of the following: 
 Research and development expenses were approximately 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing a decrease of 0.8 million or 24.8 . This was primarily due to a reduction in clinical research organization CRO expenses associated with our Phase 2a proof-of-concept Bolster trial as a result of trial protocol modifications and lower equity expense. In addition, there were start up expenses in the prior year related to our Glioblastoma Multiforme GBM study. 
 General and administrative expenses were approximately 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 0.2 million or 8.1 . This was primarily due to higher consulting expenses. 
 Historically, to minimize our use of cash, we have used a variety of equity instruments to compensate employees, consultants and other service providers. The use of these instruments has resulted in charges to the results of operations, which have been significant in the past. 
 28 

Index 

 Other Income (Expense) 
 Total other income (expense) is comprised primarily of investment income from cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and an investment in Impilo which was fully expensed under the equity method of accounting within the current year period. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Operating Expenses: Research and development 8,384 9,721 (1,337) General and administrative 9,076 9,962 (886) Total operating expenses 17,460 19,683 (2,223) Loss from operations (17,460) (19,683) 2,223 Total other income 1,287 1,878 (591) Benefit from income taxes (798) (2,330) (1,532) Net loss (15,375) (15,475) 100 
 Overall, net losses were 15.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 15.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Operating Expenses 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating expenses totaled 17.5 million compared to 19.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing a decrease of 2.2 million or 11.3 . Operating expenses are comprised of the following: 
 
 Research and development expenses were approximately 8.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 9.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing a decrease of 1.3 million or 13.8 . This was primarily due to a reduction in expenses associated with the Phase 2b ASCEND trial which completed enrollment in the prior year and lower equity expense. In addition, there were start up expenses in the current year related to our FORTIFIDE study that were offset by start up expenses in the prior year for our GBM study. 
 General and administrative expenses were approximately 9.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 10.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing a decrease of 0.9 million or 8.9 . This was primarily due to one-off related severance costs in the prior year associated with the elimination of the Chief Business Officer position on May 1, 2023, a reduction in equity expense, a decrease in directors and officers insurance premiums, and a reduction in spend on legal fees partially offset by one-off settlement related costs and an increase in consulting expenses. 
 Historically, to minimize our use of cash, we have used a variety of equity instruments to compensate employees, consultants and other service providers. The use of these instruments has resulted in charges to the results of operations, which have been significant in the past. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Total other income (expense) is comprised primarily of investment income from cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and losses on sales related to the sales of our New Jersey net operating losses NJ NOLs for the nine months ended 
 29 

Index 

 September 30, 2024 and 2023 and investments in Impilo which were fully expensed under the equity method of accounting within the current year period. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 In March 2024, we received final approval from the New Jersey Economic Development Authority NJEDA under the Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer Program (the Program to sell a percentage of our NJ NOLs, which were subsequently sold to a qualifying and approved buyer pursuant to the Program for net proceeds of 0.7 million. The 0.8 million of our NJ NOL tax benefits have been recorded as a benefit from income taxes and the loss on sale of 0.1 million recorded in other income (expense). 
 In April 2023, we received final approval from the NJEDA under the Program to sell a percentage of our NJ NOLs, which were subsequently sold to a qualifying and approved buyer pursuant to the Program for net proceeds of 2.2 million. The 2.3 million of NJ NOLs related tax benefits have been recorded as a benefit from income taxes and the loss on sale of 0.1 million recorded in other income (expense). 
 30 

Index 

 Analysis of Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately 35.9 million, working capital of approximately 33.0 million, and stockholders equity of approximately 33.7 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we met our immediate cash requirements through existing cash balances. Additionally, we used equity and equity-linked instruments to pay for services and compensation. 
 Net cash (used in) or provided by, operating, investing and financing activities were as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (14,828) (15,963) Net cash provided by investing activities 11,844 15,816 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (110) 361 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Our cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 14.8 million, which is comprised of (i) our net loss of 15.4 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses totaling 0.9 million (which includes adjustments for equity-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, loss from equity method investment, and amortization/accretion of marketable securities), and (ii) changes in operating assets and liabilities using approximately 0.4 million. 
 Our cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 16.0 million, which is comprised of (i) our net loss of 15.5 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses totaling 1.0 million (which includes adjustments for equity-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, a loss on disposal of fixed assets, and amortization/accretion of marketable securities) and (ii) changes in operating assets and liabilities using approximately 1.5 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 Our cash provided by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 11.8 million and was primarily due to net sales of marketable securities (net of purchases of marketable securities) partially offset by an investment of 0.1 million in Impilo. 
 Our cash provided by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaled 15.8 million and was primarily due to net sales of marketable securities (net of purchases of marketable securities). 
 Financing Activities 
 Our cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 0.1 million and consisted primarily of tax withholding-related payments on net share settlement equity awards to employees. 
 Our cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaled 0.4 million and consisted of proceeds from the issuance of shares through our ATM Agreement of 0.3 million and option exercise proceeds of 0.2 million partially offset by tax withholding-related payments of 0.1 million on net share settlement equity awards to employees. 
 Liquidity and Capital Requirements Outlook 
 To meet our short and long-term liquidity needs, we expect to use existing cash balances, marketable securities and a variety of other means. Other sources of liquidity could include additional potential issuances of debt or equity securities in public or private financings, partnerships and/or collaborations and/or sale of assets. Our history of operating losses and liquidity challenges may make it difficult for us to raise capital on acceptable terms or at all. The demand for the equity and debt of pharmaceutical companies like ours is dependent upon many factors, including the general state of the financial markets. During times of extreme market volatility, capital may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. Our inability to obtain such additional capital could materially and adversely affect our business operations. We will also continue to seek, as appropriate, grants for scientific and clinical studies from various governmental agencies and foundations, and other sources of non-dilutive funding. We believe that our cash on hand and marketable securities will enable us to fund current operating expenses for at least the next 12 months following the issuance of our financial statements. Our future capital requirements are difficult to forecast and will depend on many factors including the timing and nature of any other strategic transactions that we undertake; and our ability to establish and maintain collaboration partnerships, in-license/out-license or other similar arrangements and the financial terms of such agreements. 
 31 

Index 

On June 4, 2021, we entered into the ATM Agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC as sales agent, in connection with an at the market offering under which we from time to time may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 50.0 million. As of the date of this filing and so long as our public float remains below 75.0 million, we are subject to limitations pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 (the Baby Shelf Limitation ), which limits the amount we can offer to up to one-third of our public float during any trailing 12-month period. Subsequent to the filing of a prospectus supplement to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279034) relating to the at the market offering on August 21, 2024, the aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately 29.6 million. Pursuant to the Baby Shelf Limitation, since the aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates was below 75.0 million at the time of such prospectus supplement filing, the aggregate amount of securities that we are permitted to offer and sell is now 9,855,890, which was equal to one-third of the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates as of August 20, 2024. If our public float exceeds 75.0 million on a future measurement date, the Company will no longer be subject to the Baby Shelf Limitation. There were no issuances of common stock under the ATM Agreement for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Since inception we have issued 64,394 shares of common stock under the ATM Agreement for net proceeds of 270,774. 
 While we continue to seek capital through a number of means, there can be no assurance that additional financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all, and our negotiating position in capital generating efforts may worsen as existing resources are used. Additional equity financing may be dilutive to our stockholders; debt financing, if available, may involve significant cash payment obligations and covenants that restrict our ability to operate as a business; our stock price may not reach levels necessary to induce option or warrant exercises; and asset sales may not be possible on terms we consider acceptable. If we are unable to access capital necessary to meet our long-term liquidity needs, we may have to delay the expansion of our business or raise funds on terms that we currently consider unfavorable. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 There have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to those reported in our 2023 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are our controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer, who serves as our principal executive officer and who served as our principal financial officer until April 15, 2024, and our Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasury and Chief Accounting Officer, who has served as our principal financial officer from April 15, 2024 to present (together, the Evaluating Officers ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well-designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Due to the inherent limitations of control systems, not all misstatements may be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. Controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the above objectives have been met. 
 32 

Index 

 As of September 30, 2024, we evaluated, with the participation of our management, including our Evaluating Officers, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our Evaluating Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at the reasonable assurance level, in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Evaluating Officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15, that occurred during our last quarter to which this Quarterly Report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 33 

Index 

 PART II 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Other than as disclosed in Note 13 Contingencies set forth in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included herein, there are no material changes to the disclosures previously reported in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously reported in our 2023 Form 10-K. See the risk factors set forth in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Item 1A - Risk Factors. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 On July 24, 2024, we issued a warrant to purchase up to 75,000 shares (the Consulting Warrant to Seton Services Ltd. in exchange for investor relations consulting services. The Consulting Warrant is exercisable beginning on the six month anniversary of issuance and expires on the fifth anniversary of issuance. The Consulting Warrant has an exercise price of 2.88 per share, subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications and the like. The issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The Exhibit Index appearing immediately after the signature page to this Form 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference. 
 34 

Index 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 LISATA THERAPEUTICS, INC. November 12, 2024 By: /s/ David J. Mazzo, PhD 
 Name: David J. Mazzo, PhD 
 Title: President Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 November 12, 2024 By: /s/ James Nisco 
 Name: James Nisco 
 Title: SVP, Finance and Treasury and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

35 

LISATA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 
 Exhibit Index 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _______________ 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lsta-ex311_20240930.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 
 
 I, David J. Mazzo, PhD, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 
 s David J. Mazzo, PhD 
 Name David J. Mazzo, PhD 
 Title President & Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lsta-ex312_20240930.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 
 
 I, James Nisco, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 
 s James Nisco 
 Name James Nisco 
 Title Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasury and Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 lsta-ex321_20240930.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David J. Mazzo, PhD, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge that 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the results of operations of the Company for the periods presented. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 
 s David J. Mazzo, PhD David J. Mazzo, PhD President & Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 lsta-ex322_20240930.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lisata Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James Nisco, Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasury and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge that 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the results of operations of the Company for the periods presented. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 
 s James Nisco James Nisco Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasury and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lsta-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lsta-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lsta-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lsta-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lsta-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

