<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1849635_0001140361-24-045260.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8212176</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>195119</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1836196</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1976422</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2202888</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1763165</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-24-045260.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105163250
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-24-045260
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trump Media & Technology Group Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849635
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				854293042
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40779
		FILM NUMBER:		241428010

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 N. CATTLEMEN RD.
		STREET 2:		STE. 200
		CITY:			SARASOTA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34232
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(941) 735-7346

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 N. CATTLEMEN RD.
		STREET 2:		STE. 200
		CITY:			SARASOTA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34232

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Digital World Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-24-045260.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 ef20034529_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code)

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

 on which registered

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
 S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an
 emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

As of October 29, 2024, there were 
 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding.

TRUMP MEDIA TECHNOLOGY GROUP CORP.

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

1 

Item 1.

Financial Statements (unaudited) 

1 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

4 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) 

5 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

6 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

7 

Item 2.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

24 

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

47 

Item 4.

Control and Procedures 

48 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

49 

Item 1.

Legal Proceedings 

49 

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

49 

Item 2.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

54 

Item 3.

Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

54 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

54 

Item 5.

Other Information 

54 

Item 6.

Exhibits 

54 

SIGNATURES 

56 

Table

of Contents 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 

Financial Statements

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Balance

Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and Statements of Operations, Stockholders (Deficit)/Equity and Cash Flows for the three and nine months ending September 30 th , 2024 and September 30 th , 2023 

1 

Table of Contents 

TRUMP MEDIA TECHNOLOGY GROUP CORP.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

4 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) 

5 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

6 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

7 

2 

Table of Contents 

TRUMP MEDIA TECHNOLOGY GROUP CORP.

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets

(in thousands except share data)

September 30, 2024

 (Unaudited) 

December 31, 2023

 (Audited) 

Assets

Current Assets:

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Accounts receivable, net

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Intangible asset, net

Right-of-Use Assets, net

Goodwill 

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity/ (Deficit)

Current Liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Convertible promissory notes

Related party payables 

Derivative liability

Unearned revenue

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current portion of operating lease liability

Total current liabilities

Long-term operating lease liability

Long-term debt - Other 

Convertible promissory notes

Derivative liability

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 15)

Stockholders Equity/(Deficit):

Preferred Stock par value shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding at September 30 , 2024 and December 31 , 2023 

Common Stock par value shares authorized, 
 and shares issued and outstanding at September 30 , 2024 and December 31 , 2023 

Paid in Capital

Treasury Stock 

Accumulated Deficit

Total stockholders equity/(deficit)

Total liabilities and stockholders equity/(deficit)

The Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements.

3 

Table of Contents 

TRUMP MEDIA TECHNOLOGY GROUP CORP.

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(Unaudited)

Three Month 

Nine Month 

Period Ended 

Period Ended 

(in thousands except share and per share data)

September 30,

 2024 

September 30,

 2023 

September 30,

 2024 

September 30, 

2023 

Net sales 

Operating costs and expenses (1) 

Cost of revenue

Research and development

Sales and marketing

General and administration

Depreciation and amortization 

Total costs and operating expenses

Loss from operations

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities

Loss on the conversion of convertible debt 

Loss from operations before income taxes

Income tax expense 

Net loss

Loss per Share attributable to common stockholders:

Basic

Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares used to compute net loss per share attributable to common stockholders:

Basic

Diluted

(1) 

Research and development 

General and administration 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

The Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements.

4 

Table

of Contents 

TRUMP MEDIA TECHNOLOGY GROUP CORP.

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
 (Deficit)/Equity 

(Unaudited)

(in thousands, except share data)

Common Stock

 Number of Shares

Par Value

 0.0001

Treasury Stock

 Number of Shares

Treasury Stock

Paid in Capital

Accumulated Deficit

Total

 Stockholders 

 (Deficit)/ Equity

Retroactive application of recapitalization to January 1, 2023

Net Loss

-

-

Balance at March 31, 2023

Net Loss

-

Balance at June 30, 2023

Net Loss 

- 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Balance as December 31, 2023

Net Loss

-

Fair value of TMTG earnout shares

Conversion of convertible notes upon reverse capitalization

Stock Based Compensation

Issuance of common stock upon reverse capitalization

Balance as of March 31, 2024

Exercise of warrants 

Issuance of earnout shares 

Conversion of convertible notes in common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Exercise of warrants 

Common stock issued for cash 

Acquisition of WCT, net of offering costs 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Treasury stock 

- 

- 

Common stock for ARC settlement 

Net Loss 

- 

- 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

The Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements.

5 

Table of Contents 

TRUMP MEDIA TECHNOLOGY GROUP CORP.

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(Unaudited)

Nine Month Periods Ended 

(in thousands)

September 30,

 2024

September 30, 

 2023

Cash flows from operating activities

Net loss

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:

Non-cash interest expense on debt

Change in fair value of derivative liability

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on extinguishment of debt

Stock based compensation

Operating lease amortization

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Accounts receivable

Unearned revenue

Accounts payable and operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash flows used in investing activities

Purchases of property and equipment

Purchase of intangible asset 

Purchase of short-term investments 

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows provided by financing activities

Proceeds from convertible promissory notes

Proceeds from merger

Repurchase of Common Stock 

Proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock 

Proceeds from the exercise of Warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information

Cash paid for interest

Cash paid for taxes

Noncash investing and financing activities

Shares issued for conversion of convertible notes

Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations

Common Stock issued for business combination 

Common Stock Issued for underwriter fees 

The Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements.

6 

Table of Contents 

TRUMP MEDIA TECHNOLOGY GROUP CORP.

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

(Unaudited)

shares of Digital World Class A common stock (excluding 
 Earnout Shares), subject to certain adjustments and earnout provisions, in exchange for TMTG common stock, which is in substance, a continuation of the TMTG shareholders equity interests in the TMTG business, plus up to an additional shares of New Digital World common stock to be issued upon conversion of outstanding TMTG Convertible Notes immediately prior to the
 Closing.

7 

Table

of Contents 

of the ownership in T Media Tech LLC for a nominal value. The results of T Media Tech LLC since October 13, 2021 are included in the Company s Condensed Consolidated
 Statements of Operations.

to
 in duration and the purchase price will be equal to the repurchase price, reducing our exposure to significant market fluctuations
 and other variables that may result in decline of the fair value of the securities purchased. We intend to renew our repurchase agreement immediately upon the termination of the preceding repurchase agreement to increase our potential to generate
 interest income. The repurchase agreement is reported at the unpaid balance, net of any allowance for expected losses. No expected credit losses were recorded as of September 30, 2024. 

- years

Computer equipment

years

8 

Table

of Contents 

of
 amortization expense on our intangible asset . 

was recognized as revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which
 was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023. As September 30, 2024, deferred revenue is expected to be recognized during the succeeding -month period and is therefore presented as current liability on the unaudited condensed balance sheet.

9 

Table

of Contents 

liabilities for loss contingencies.

10 

Table

of Contents 

. 

Add: other assets

Less: accrued expenses

Less: notes payable

Reverse recapitalization, net

in one-time direct and incremental transaction costs, consisting of legal and other professional fees, recorded in general and administration expenses. TMTG also issued of bonus payments to employees of the Company and a director of Private TMTG that were triggered by the Merger. The Company recorded and in
 general and administration expense and sales and marketing expense, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. TMTG deems these to be non-recurring expenses that are not direct and incremental to the Merger. 

Shares issued to Digital World convertible noteholders, converted immediately prior to Business Combination 

Predecessor TMTG Shares (1)

Shares issued to former TMTG convertible noteholders

Common stock immediately after the Business Combination (2)

shares outstanding and held in escrow. 

additional shares issued to former Digital World Class B shareholders in connection with a court order in September 2024. 

11 

Table of Contents 

public warrants were issued (the Public Warrants and 
 warrants were issued in a private placement (the Private Placement Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants together with the Public Warrants, collectively the Warrants all of which warrants remained outstanding and became warrants
 for the Common Stock in the Company.

warran ts Convertible Note Post IPO Warrants and Pos t-IPO Warrants ), each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase share of the Company s Class A common stock for 
 per share. The Convertible Note Post IPO Warrants and Post-IPO Warrants were issued concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination, and have substantially the same terms as the public warrants issued by Digital World in connection
 with its initial public offering, except that such Post-IPO Warrants may only be transferred to the applicable holder s affiliates.

shares if certain post merger per share market prices were achieved.

trial outcomes. Within each trial of the simulation:

years, years, and years)
 after the Merger date.

, , and .

million, million, and 
 million) multiplied by the simulated stock price at the vest date, which varied with each simulation.

to .

in non-recurring transaction costs in connection with the acquisition, which were recogni zed within general and administration expense. We believe the acquisition will allow us to provide ultra-fast streaming technology powered through
 our custom-designed, multi-site CDN using our own servers, routers, and software stack, created with the goal of rendering the service uncancellable by Big Tech.

, consisting of:

newly-issued shares of our common stock, equal in
 value to at our common stock s closing price on August 9, 2024.

newly-issued shares of our common stock, equal in value to at our common stock s closing price on August 9, 2024. Each milestone is accounted for as a separate unit of account and the common stock to be issued meets
 the criteria for equity classification pursuant to ASC 815.

liability payable over to Perception for the exercise of the Source Code Purchase Agreement, with an estimated net present value of . of the
 assumed liability was paid upon closing.

12 

Table

of Contents 

newly-issued
 shares of our common stock will be issued to WCT pursuant to achieving operational milestones related to the opening of future data centers, which are compensatory in nature due to project management services WCT is providing related to opening our
 future data centers outside the scope of our written agreement with them. The estimated allocation of shares as compensation was based upon the estimated fair value of services to be provided divided by the closing price of our common stock on
 August 9, 2024. Compensation expense related to these shares will be recorded at the fair value of the common stock when the milestones are achieved.

Goodwill

Amount attributable to assets acquired

Fair value of liability assumed:

Assumed debt 

Amount attributable to liability assumed

Total purchase price

.

of the assumed debt
 remained outstanding and for the three and nine-months ended September 30, 2024, of interest expense was accreted.

Computer equipment

Accumulated depreciation

Property and equipment, net

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total depreciation expense was and for the nine months
 ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Other accrued expenses

Income tax payable

Franchise tax payable

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

13 

Table of Contents 

Total lease assets

Lease liabilities

Operating lease liabilities, current

Current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current

Liabilities 

Total lease liabilities

Short-term lease costs 

Total lease costs

Short-term lease costs 

Total lease costs

2025

2026

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments

Amount representing interest

Present value of net future minimum lease payments

14 

Table of Contents 

, which differs from the US federal statutory rate of principally due to the projection of U.S. net operating loss for fiscal 2024 with full application of a valuation allowance. As of September 30, 2024, TMTG had US Federal net
 operating loss carryforwards NOLs with a tax benefit of approximately from December 31, 2023.

per month for these services. The agreement with the Sponsor was terminated on April 5, 2023, was unpaid as of September 30,
 2024.

to a vendor for costs incurred by Digital World and directly to Digital World. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s obligation to the Sponsor for such payments was outstanding in the amount of .

and , respectively, and during the nine months
 ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 paid and , respectively, to Trishul. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, TMTG had an outstanding payable balance of to Trishul. Trishul is owned by Kashyap Kash Patel, a director of TMTG since March 25, 2024, and previously a director of Private TMTG from March 11, 2022,
 until March 26, 2024. 

,
 which converted into common shares immediately before the Closing (along with all other Private TMTG Convertible Notes), and a 
 retention bonus following the Closing. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we paid and , respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we paid and , respectively, to Hudson Digital. As of September 30,
 2024 and December 31, 2023, TMTG had outstanding payable balances of to Hudson Digital. Hudson Digital is owned by Daniel
 Scavino, who served as a director of Private TMTG from February 16, 2023, until March 25, 2024. Mr. Scavino has not served as an officer or director of TMTG. 

to Mar-a-Lago Club LLC, which is owned by the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust, dated April 7, 2014. At the time of such transaction, Donald J. Trump owned more than of TMTG s common stock.

, maturity of from each respective issuance
 date and interest was accrued at based on the simple interest method (365 days year) for each note. Each of Notes 1-7
 contemplated multiple plausible outcomes that include conversion upon a Qualified SPAC Business Combination SPAC and at least one of the following conversion triggers: Qualified Initial Public Offering IPO ), private equity transaction
 and/or change of control. All outstanding principal of these Notes, together with all accrued but unpaid interest on such principal, will convert to equity. The number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon conversion of the
 Notes in the event of a completed SPAC transaction would be the number of shares of the Company Stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding, divided
 by . In other, non-SPAC conversion scenarios, the number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon conversion
 of the Notes was variable based on the application of an automatic discounted share-settlement feature. For Notes 1 and 2, the number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon a non-SPAC conversion event would be the number of
 shares of Company stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding (b) divided by of the initial public offering price per share of a qualified initial public offering. For Notes 3-7, the number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon a non-SPAC
 conversion event would be the number of shares of Company stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding (b) divided by of (i) the initial public offering price per share of a qualified initial public offering, (ii) the price per share as determined by the
 valuation of the Company in connection with a qualified private equity raise, or (iii) in the case of a change of control, the price per share determined in accordance with the Company s then current fair value determined by an independent
 valuation firm. 

, maturity of between 
 months and months and interest was accrued at a range between and based on the simple interest method (365 days year) for each
 note. Notes 8 to 12 were convertible simultaneously with the completion of a SPAC merger agreement or IPO. All outstanding principal of these Notes, together with all accrued but unpaid interest on such principal, would convert to equity. The
 number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon conversion of the Notes would be the number of shares of the Company Stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest
 on the Notes then outstanding (b) divided by either US , US or US subject to the respective conditions of the individual Notes;
 provided, however, in the event that the stock price quoted for the Company on NASDAQ or The New York Stock Exchange (as applicable) at the time of the closing of the Qualified SPAC Business Combination (the TMTG Stock Price is less than
 either per share, 
 per share, per share subject to the respective conditions of the individual Notes, then the Conversion Price would be reset to of the then current TMTG Stock Price subject to a floor of per share.

15 

Table of Contents 

, maturity of months and interest will be accrued at a range between 
 and based on the simple interest method (365 days year) for each note. Notes 13 to 19 were convertible simultaneously with the
 completion of a SPAC merger agreement or IPO. All outstanding principal of these Notes, together with all accrued but unpaid interest on such principal, would convert to equity. The number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender
 upon conversion of the Notes would be the number of shares of the Company Stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding (b) divided by either US or US subject to the respective
 conditions of the individual notes.

, maturity of months and
 interest will be accrued at based on the simple interest method (365 days year) for each note. Notes 20 to 23 were convertible
 with the completion of a SPAC merger agreement or IPO. The outstanding principal of the Notes, accrued but unpaid interest on such principal, would convert to equity. The number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon
 conversion of the Notes in the event of a SPAC transaction shall be the number of shares of the Company Stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding
 (b) divided by US . The number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon conversion of the Notes in the event of
 an IPO would be the number of shares of the Company Stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding (b) divided by of the IPO price per share.

shares of TMTG common stock.

in convertible
 promissory notes (the Convertible Notes ). The Convertible Notes: (a) accrue interest at an annual rate of and are payable on
 the earlier of (i) the date that is 12 months after the date on which the Company consummates the Business Combination, which interest is not payable to the extent the holder exercises the conversion right and (ii) the date that the winding up
 of the Company is effective (such date, the Maturity Date (b) are convertible (i) at any time following the consummation of the Business Combination, but prior to the Maturity Date, redemption or otherwise the repayment in full of the
 Convertible Notes, at each holder s option, in whole or in part, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Convertible Notes, including any required shareholders approval upon the consummation of the Business Combination and (ii) into
 that number of Digital World Class A common stock and warrants included in the units, each unit consisting of share of Class A
 common stock of the Company and one-half of one warrant of the Company (the Conversion Units ), equivalent to (A) the portion of
 the principal amount of the applicable Convertible Note (excluding any accrued interest, which shall not be payable with respect to the Convertible Note that was converted) being converted, divided by (B) (the Conversion Price (c) may be redeemed by Digital World, in whole or in part, commencing on the date on which all Digital World Class A
 common stock issuable to the holders has been registered with the SEC, by providing a notice of such redemption (the
 Redemption Right ), which Redemption Right is contingent upon the trading price of the Digital World Class A common stock exceeding 
 of the applicable conversion price on at least trading days, whether consecutive or not, within the consecutive trading days ending on the day immediately preceding the day on which a redemption notice is issued by Digital World; (d) are
 initially drawable for of the applicable investor s commitment amount and a final drawdown for the remaining to occur upon the closing of the Business Combination, with the proceeds of such final drawdown to be deposited into a control account as
 indicated by the Company (the Control Account ). The proceeds from such final drawdown deposited into the Control Account shall remain therein and may not be withdrawn by the Company until such time as (i) the Company exercises the Redemption
 Rights using the proceeds in the Control Account, (ii) any portion of the applicable Convertible Note has been converted, at which time such portion shall be released from the Control Account or (iii) if prior to the conversion, a resale
 registration statement of the Company covering all common stock issued pursuant to the Convertible Note has been declared effective by the Commission; (e) are subject to specified events of default; and (f) have registration rights pursuant to
 the registration rights agreement entered into by the Company and the parties thereto as of September 2, 2021. 

warrants Convertible Note Post IPO Warrants and Post-IPO Warrants ), each warrant entitling the holder
 thereof to purchase share of the Company s Class A common stock for per share. The Convertible Note Post IPO Warrants and Post-IPO Warrants were issued concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination, and have
 substantially the same terms as the public warrants issued by Digital World in connection with its initial public offering, except that such Post-IPO Warrants may only be transferred to the applicable holder s affiliates. 

of the available under the Note Purchase Agreement before the closing of the merger and immediately after Closing. The of proceeds
 was held in a restricted account and was released upon the registration of the underlying shares on June 18, 2024. On June 18 and 20, the face value of the Note Purchase Agreement was converted into shares of TMTG common stock and warrants to purchase up to 
 shares of TMTG common stock.

16 

Table of Contents 

and the carrying value of the TMTG notes converted was , including the derivative liability.

Notes 8 to 12

Notes 13 to 20

Notes 21 to 23

Digital World Convertible Notes

Total

Debt Issuance costs

Carrying value of Convertible Promissory Notes

Less: Derivative liability component

Liability component at date of issue

Interest charged

Loss on extinguishment of debt

Total liability component

Less: Conversion to Paid in Capital

Less: Short-term liability component

Liability component at September 30 , 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Embedded feature component

Derivative liability component

Change in fair value of embedded derivative

Total Derivative Liability Component

Less: Conversion to Paid in Capital

Less: Short-term derivative liability component 

Derivative Liability Component at September 30 , 2024 and December 31, 2023 

to + to the liability component for the period since the
 respective notes were issued.

17 

Table of Contents 

Total assets measured at fair value 

Liabilities

Derivative liability

Total liabilities measured at fair value 

dilutive potential common shares for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, because the Company incurred a net loss and the
 potential dilutive shares are anti-dilutive. As such, basic and diluted losses per common share are the same.

18 

Table

of Contents 

Warrants

Total common stock equivalents excluded from dilutive loss per share

shares of Company Stock, each having a par value of ,
 of which shares were issued and outstanding, and an additional shares were authorized for issuance in connection with the Company s Equity Incentive Plan.

, each having a par value of . Each share of the
 Company s Common Stock, automatically and without any action on the part of the Company or any respective holders thereof, was reclassified into ten thousand ) shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value per
 share, resulting in shares authorized, of which shares were issued and outstanding , and an additional shares were authorized for issuance in connection with the Company s Equity Incentive Plan . 

, each having a par value of , of which shares were issued and outstanding , and an additional shares were authorized for issuance in connection with the Company s Equity Incentive Plan . 

, each having a par value of ,
 of which shares were issued and outstanding. of the additional authorized but unissued shares were classified as non-voting.

shares, each with a par value of per share,
 consisting of (a) shares of common stock and (b) shares of preferred stock.

of its Common Stock, subject to certain limitations and
 conditions set forth in the SEPA, from time to time during the term of the SEPA. As consideration for Yorkville s commitment to purchase shares at the Company s direction upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the SEPA,
 on July 3, 2024 the Company agreed to pay YA Global II SPV, LLC, a subsidiary of Yorkville, (i) a structuring fee in the amount of 
 and (ii) a commitment fee in the form of shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares ). The Company also issued to EF Hutton LLC shares of Common Stock as consideration for acting as placement agent (the Placement
 Agent Shares ). During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, Yorkville purchased shares of Common Stock for prices between and per share, pursuant to the terms of the SEPA. Proceeds of these equity sales under the terms of the SEPA were approximately for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

shares of our common stock from certain executive officers at the prevailing market price of 
 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of . As consideration for the repurchase, we remitted to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and certain state taxing authorities in connection with share-based compensation awards. 

Granted

-

-

Exercised

-

-

Expired or cancelled

-

-

Outstanding at September 30, 2024

Exercisable at September 30, 2024

. activity pursuant to the 2024 Equity Incentive Plan occurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2024.

, as consideration for their service to the Company through the Merger. The Executive
 Promissory Notes bore a -coupon interest rate, and became payable at the earlier of , an Event of Default, or upon a Change in Control Event. The Maturity Date of the Executive Promissory Notes could be extended at the sole discretion of
 each executive individually for any reason, including for the purpose of allowing the Executive Promissory Notes to convert to stock or other securities upon a Change of Control Event.

19 

Table of Contents 

per share upon consummating a merger with DWAC, or (b) a share amount equal to the quotient of the
 principal amount divided by the price per share based upon the current fair value of the common stock of TMTG, for any other Change of Control Events.

shares of our common stock. We accounted for the Executive Promissory Notes as a liability award under
 ASC 718 as the Executive Promissory Notes could be converted into a variable number of shares upon a Change of Control event and the executives had the sole discretion to extend the Maturity Date which could result in the Company being required
 to settle the Executive Promissory Notes in cash. We remeasured the fair value of the Executive Promissory Notes at their settlement date and recorded stock-based compensation expense for these awards, within general and administration expense
 in the Statement of Operations, totaling for the nine months ended September, 2024.

, bore a -coupon interest rate, and had a maturity date in March 2027 .

per share. We measured the fair value of these Vendor Convertible Notes on their date of grant
 and recorded of stock-based compensation expense, within research and development expense in the Statement of Operations
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024.

of the newly-issued shares of our common stock that will be issued to WCT pursuant to achieving operational milestones related to the opening of future data centers, are compensatory in nature due to
 project management services WCT is providing related to opening our future data centers outside the scope of our written agreement with them. The estimated allocation of shares as compensation was based upon the estimated fair value of
 services to be provided divided by the closing price of our common stock on August 9, 2024. Compensation expense related to these shares will be recorded at the fair value of the common stock when the milestones are achieved.

20 

Table of Contents 

million expense reimbursement claim. In addition, UAV asserts that the Services Agreement is not void ab initio and
 claims that certain events following the July 30, 2021 notification support its assertion that such Services Agreement was not void. On February 6, 2024, a representative of UAV sent a text message to a representative of a noteholder of TMTG
 suggesting that UAV might seek to enjoin the Business Combination. On February 9, 2024, Private TMTG received from counsel to UAV a letter similar to those letters received by Digital World, which also threatened Private TMTG with legal action
 regarding UAV s alleged rights in Private TMTG, including, if necessary, an action to enjoin consummation of the Business Combination. On February 28, 2024, UAV filed a verified complaint against Private TMTG in the Chancery Court seeking declaratory and injunctive relief relating to the authorization, issuance, and ownership of
 stock in Private TMTG and filed a motion for expedited proceedings (C.A. No. 2024-0184-MTZ). On March 4, 2024, UAV filed an amended complaint, converting their action from a direct action to a purported derivative action, and adding members
 of the Private TMTG board as defendants. On March 9, 2024, the Chancery Court held a hearing to decide UAV s motion to expedite proceedings. During the oral argument, Private TMTG agreed that any additional shares of Private TMTG
 issued prior to or upon the consummation of the Business Combination would be placed in escrow pending a resolution of the dispute between the parties. The Chancery Court entered an order consistent with the foregoing on March 15, 2024, and
 scheduled a status conference for April 1, 2024. On April 2, 2024, UAV filed a motion for leave
 to file a second amended complaint together with a motion for preliminary injunction and a motion for contempt and anti-suit injunction related to Private TMTG s filing of a separate litigation against UAV and others in Florida state court.
 Private TMTG maintains that the contempt claims are meritless. On April 9, 2024, the Chancery Court granted the motion for leave to file a second amended complaint on April 9, 2024 and re-assigned the case to a new judge. On April 11,
 2024, UAV filed its second amended complaint, naming the prior Defendants together with five new defendants TMTG and the current directors on the TMTG Board who were not on Private TMTG s board of directors. On April 22, 2024, all of the
 Defendants moved to vacate the Chancery Court s prior order expediting the matter. Additionally, all of the Defendants moved to dismiss the second amended complaint. Following briefing and oral argument on the motion to vacate, on April 30,
 2024, the Chancery Court vacated the prior provisions of the March 15 order expediting the matter. On May 6, 2024, UAV filed its Renewed Motion for Contempt of the March 15, 2024 Order against Private TMTG First Contempt Motion seeking,
 among other things, to enjoin Private TMTG and related parties from prosecuting certain claims in Florida state court. On May 8, 2024, the Chancery Court stayed discovery and granted a protective order with respect to all discovery served on
 Defendants and all other persons from whom discovery was being sought. On June 5, 2024, UAV filed for leave to again amend its complaint. The Chancery Court granted the motion for leave to amend on July 8, 2024, and UAV filed its Third Amended
 Complaint on July 9, 2024. The Third Amended Complaint dismissed as defendants three current TMTG directors (W. Kyle Green, Linda McMahon, and Robert Lighthizer) and added four former Digital World directors (Frank J. Andrews, Patrick F.
 Orlando, Edward J. Preble, and Jeffrey A. Smith). On July 17, 2024, UAV filed a second contempt motion against Private TMTG and TMTG Second Contempt Motion alleging additional violations of the March 15 Order. On August 27, 2024, the
 Chancery Court denied both the First Contempt Motion and the Second Contempt Motion. On July 23, 2024, all of the defendants with the exception of Patrick F. Orlando moved to dismiss the Third Amended Complaint. On September 17, 2024, Mr.
 Orlando moved to dismiss the Third Amended Complaint. On October 8, 2024, UAV voluntarily dismissed Mr. Orlando with prejudice. 

:1. ARC s new claim also contradicted the previous assertion by Patrick
 Orlando, the managing member of ARC, that the conversion ratio was :1. Digital World s board of directors viewed these claims as
 an attempt by Mr. Orlando to secure personal benefits, breaching his fiduciary duty to Digital World and its shareholders. Digital World and Private TMTG initiated a lawsuit against ARC in the Civil Division for the Twelfth Judicial Circuit
 Court in Sarasota County, Florida, on February 27, 2024 (Docket No. 2024-CA-001061-NC). The complaint sought a declaratory judgment affirming the appropriate conversion ratio as :1, as previously disclosed, damages for tortious interference with the contractual and business relationship between Private TMTG and Digital World, and damages for conspiracy with
 unnamed co-conspirators to interfere with the same. The complaint also sought damages for Mr. Orlando s breach of fiduciary duty, which exposed Digital World to regulatory liability and resulted in an million penalty, and for his continuous obstruction of Digital World s merger with Private TMTG to extort various concessions that benefited only him and harmed Digital
 World and its shareholders. Furthermore, the complaint sought damages for the wrongful assertion of dominion over Digital World s assets inconsistent with Digital World s possessory rights over those assets. On March 8, 2024, Digital World
 voluntarily dismissed its declaratory judgment claim against ARC. On March 17, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed an amended complaint, adding a claim for violation of Florida s Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act. Digital World
 further alleged breach of fiduciary duty of loyalty, breach of fiduciary duty of care, and conversion claims against Mr. Orlando. With respect to ARC, Digital World alleged aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty. On April 3, 2024,
 Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando filed a joint motion to dismiss the amended complaint or, in the alternative, to stay the proceeding pending the Delaware Action. Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando also filed that same day a motion to stay discovery
 in the action. On May 29, 2024, Digital World moved to compel discovery from ARC and Mr. Orlando. On July 15, 2024, following a July 10 hearing, the Court entered an order denying the motion to stay discovery and motion to compel. Defendants
 ARC and Orlando have appealed that order. On July 29, 2024, the Court entered an order denying the motion to dismiss or, in the alternative, to stay the proceeding. On August 2, 2024, Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando filed a motion to stay
 pending appeal. On July 31, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed a motion for leave to file a second amended complaint, which proposed to add allegations against ARC and Orlando related to pre-targeting and other misconduct as set forth
 in the SEC Complaint against Orlando, and naming UAV, Andrew Litinsky and Wesley Moss as additional defendants. On August 15, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed a motion for temporary injunction seeking to enjoin the threatened sale of
 Digital World stock by Defendant ARC and one of the new defendants proposed to be added through the motion for leave to file a second amended complaint. On August 28, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed a renewed motion to compel,
 seeking prior productions to the SEC and DOJ and other documents from Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando. On August 30, 2024, the Court held a hearing to address several motions. During the hearing, the Court granted Digital World and Private
 TMTG s motion for leave to amend and denied their motion for temporary injunction. The Court also denied the motion to stay pending appeal filed by Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando. On September 4, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed an
 expedited motion to compel, seeking production of ARC s capitalization table, supporting documents, and an order requiring ARC to cooperate with Digital World and Private TMTG in advance of the expiration of the lock-up restriction. On
 September 5, 2024, Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando filed a motion to stay pending appeal in the Second District Court of Appeal (C.A. No. 2D2024-1780). On September 12, 2024, the Court granted in part and denied in part the expedited motion to
 compel, ordering production of the capitalization table and supporting documents by September 13, 2024, at 12 p.m. On that same day, Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando filed a notice of removal in the Middle District of Florida (C.A. No.
 8:24-cv-02161). On September 13, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed an emergency motion to remand to state court in the Middle District of Florida, which the Middle District granted on September 17, 2024. On September 18, 2024, Digital
 World and Private TMTG filed an emergency motion for temporary injunction and contempt against ARC and Mr. Orlando in the state court action. On that same day, the Court held a hearing during which it granted Digital World and Private TMTG s
 motion for contempt, imposed a coercive sanction against ARC and Mr. Orlando of per day until they complied with the court s
 September 12 discovery order, and denied their motion for temporary injunction. Defendants ARC and Orlando have appealed that order (C.A. No. 2D2024-02364). On October 1, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed a motion for an order to show
 cause why ARC and Mr. Orlando should not be held in further contempt and subject to increased sanctions for their failure to comply with the Court s September 18 contempt order. On October 18, 2024, the Second District Court of Appeal denied
 ARC and Mr. Orlando s motion to stay pending appeal. At a June 17, 2024, status hearing, the court agreed to schedule a trial for August 2025.

21 

Table of Contents 

:1 and sought specific performance and damages for the alleged
 breach of the Digital World Charter, a declaratory judgment that the certain derivative securities of Digital World should be included in the calculation of the conversion ratio, a finding that the directors of Digital World breached their
 fiduciary duties, and a preliminary injunction to enjoin the Business Combination until Digital World corrected the conversion ratio. TMTG vigorously defended Digital World s calculation of the conversion ratio and related rights. In
 addition to its complaint, ARC also filed a motion with the Chancery Court requesting that the case schedule be expedited to enable the Chancery Court to conduct an injunction hearing prior to the March 22, 2024, shareholder vote. On March 5,
 2024, the Chancery Court denied ARC s motion, stating that it would not conduct a merits or injunction hearing before March 22, 2024. Consequently, the Chancery Court also denied ARC s request to postpone the Business Combination vote until
 after a merits hearing. The Chancery Court ruled that Digital World s proposal to deposit disputed shares into an escrow account at the close of the Business Combination was adequate to prevent potential irreparable harm related to ARC s
 share conversion. The Chancery Court also found that Digital World s public disclosures about ARC s claims and possible conversion scenarios at the close of the Business Combination further mitigated the risk of irreparable harm due to
 insufficient disclosure for the March 22, 2024, vote. As a result, on March 21, 2024, Digital World entered into escrow agreements with Odyssey, as
 follows: (i) an escrow agreement for the benefit of ARC (the ARC Escrow Agreement ), pursuant to which DWAC deposited into escrow 
 shares of TMTG shares of common stock Common Stock ), and (ii) an escrow agreement for the benefit of the Non-ARC Class B Shareholders (the Non-ARC Class B Shareholders Escrow Agreement, and together with the ARC Escrow Agreement, the
 Disputed Shares Escrow Agreements ), pursuant to which TMTG deposited into escrow shares of TMTG Common Stock, which
 amounts represent the difference between the actual conversion ratio, determined by Digital World s board of directors upon closing of the Business Combination (which was determined to be :1), and a conversion ratio of . On September
 16, 2024, the Chancery Court issued its order in this matter setting the conversion ratio at :1. The Chancery Court ruled
 against ARC on a substantial majority of its claims, reducing ARC s proposed calculation of the conversion ratio of :1 by
 approximately and holding that the former board members of Digital World did not breach any fiduciary duties in setting the
 conversion ratio calculation or in their public disclosures of the same. As a result of the Chancery Court s order, a portion of the disputed conversion Common Stock held in escrow were released to ARC. The release of Common Stock is
 subject to the terms and conditions of the ARC Escrow Agreement with the Escrow Agent and TMTG. Accordingly, shares of
 TMTG Common Stock, which represents the Court s calculation for the difference between a ratio of :1 and :1, were released from escrow (the Court Ratio ). Both parties still retain the option to file an appeal within days after the Chancery Court s final order. In connection with the Chancery Court s final order, Common Shares deposited in the Non-ARC Class B Shareholders Escrow Agreement, representing the Court Ratio, were released to the applicable holders, subject to
 the terms and conditions of the Non-ARC Class B Shareholders Escrow Agreement and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On October 23, 2024, ARC filed a motion for a fee award. 

22 

Table of Contents 

M to Mr. Orlando s attorneys pursuant to such Stipulation and TMTG s other advancement obligations to Mr. Orlando. On April 23, 2024, Mr. Orlando filed a motion for leave to supplement the Advancement
 Lawsuit to add a claim for advancement of legal fees and expenses Mr. Orlando had incurred and would incur in connection with his defense of an action for declaratory judgment brought by members of ARC regarding Mr. Orlando s removal as the
 managing member of ARC (the ARC Removal Action ). Mr. Orlando also sought reimbursement for the legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with his supplement to the Advancement Lawsuit, and he sought pre-judgment and post-judgment
 interest on the amounts he claimed were owed to him. On August 1, 2024, plaintiffs in the ARC Removal Action dismissed their complaint without prejudice. On August 8, 2024, Mr. Orlando dismissed his supplemental claims in the Advancement
 Lawsuit without prejudice. The Advancement Lawsuit remains open on the Chancery Court s docket.

Class A shares of TMTG and TMTG warrants. On July 18, 2024, ARC filed a motion to dismiss for improper venue. On July 22, 2024, TMTG filed a motion for discharge and dismissal. On August 13, 2024, TMTG
 filed its answer and crossclaims against Mr. Melkersen and ARC. On August 21, 2024, ARC filed a motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction. This matter remains pending. 

following the Separation Date, subject to his compliance with the terms of the Separation
 Agreement . 

23 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

References in this report (this Quarterly Report to TMTG, we, us or the Company refer to Trump Media Technology Group Corp. References to
 our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed
 consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. All amounts are in thousands, except per share data. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
 forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include, but are not limited to, those
 identified below and those discussed in the sections titled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this report.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
 those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Quarterly Report, words such as expect, believe, 
 anticipate, intend, estimate, aim, plan, may, will, continue, should, seek and variations and similar words and expressions identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of
 management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to management. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the
 forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s
 Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 1, 2024, as amended by Amendment Number 1 to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 3, 2024, and other documents filed
 with the SEC, which describe additional factors that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov.
 Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Overview

TMTG aspires to build a media and technology powerhouse to rival the liberal media consortium and promote free expression. TMTG was founded to fight back against the big tech companies-Meta (Facebook, Instagram,
 and Threads), X (formerly Twitter), Netflix, Alphabet (Google), Amazon and others-that it believes collude to curtail debate in America and censor voices that contradict their woke ideology. TMTG aims to safeguard public debate and open
 dialogue, and to provide a platform for all users to freely express themselves.

TMTG Sub Inc. (formerly known as Trump Media Technology Group Corp.) Private TMTG was incorporated on February 8, 2021, and launched its first product, Truth
 Social, which is a social media platform aiming to end big tech s assault on free speech by opening up the internet and giving the American people their voices back. It is a public, real-time platform where any user can create content, follow
 other users, and engage in an open and honest global conversation without fear of being censored or cancelled due to their political viewpoints. TMTG does not restrict whom a user can follow, which it believes will greatly enhance the breadth and
 depth of available content. Additionally, users can be followed by other users without requiring a reciprocal relationship, enhancing the ability of TMTG users to reach a broad audience.

24 

Table

of Contents 

Truth Social was generally made available in the first quarter of 2022. TMTG prides itself on operating its platform, to the best of its ability, without relying on big tech companies. Partnering with
 pro-free-speech alternative technology firms, Private TMTG fully launched Truth Social for iOS in April 2022. Private TMTG debuted the Truth Social web application in May 2022, and the Truth Social Android App became available in the Samsung
 Galaxy and Google Play stores in October 2022. Private TMTG introduced direct messaging to all versions of Truth Social in 2022, released a Groups feature for users in May 2023, and announced the general availability of Truth Social
 internationally in June 2023. Since its launch, Truth Social has experienced substantial growth, from zero to an aggregate of approximately 9.0 million signups for Truth Social via iOS, Android and the web as of mid-February 2024. However,
 investors should be aware that since its inception, TMTG has not relied on any specific key performance metric to make business or operating decisions. Consequently, it has not been maintaining internal controls and procedures for periodically
 collecting such information, if any. While many mature industry peers may gather and analyze certain metrics, given the early development stage of the Truth Social platform, TMTG s management team believes that such metrics are not critical in
 the near future for the business and operation of the platform. This stance is due to TMTG s long-term commitment to implementing a robust business plan, which may involve introducing innovative features and potentially incorporating new
 technologies, such as advanced video streaming services on its platform. These initiatives may enhance the range of services and experiences TMTG can offer on its Truth Social platform.

At this juncture in its development, TMTG believes that adhering to traditional key performance indicators, such as signups, average revenue per user, ad impressions and pricing, or active user accounts including
 monthly and daily active users, could potentially divert its focus from strategic evaluation with respect to the progress and growth of its business. TMTG believes that focusing on these KPIs might not align with the best interests of TMTG or its
 stockholders, as it could lead to short-term decision-making at the expense of long-term innovation and value creation. Therefore, TMTG believes that this strategic evaluation is critical and aligns with its commitment to a robust business plan
 that includes introducing innovative features and new technologies.

To foster a flourishing digital public forum, TMTG seeks to prevent illegal and other prohibited content from contaminating its platform. In accordance with Truth Social s terms of service, illegal and prohibited
 content includes, but is not limited to a) sexual content or language; b) content that includes sexual activity, sexual intercourse or any type of sexual act; c) any content that portrays or suggest explicit sexual acts or sexually suggestive
 positions or poses; d) sexually suggestive (explicit or vague) statements, texts or phrases; or e) content in which sexual acts are requested or offered, including pornography, prostitution, sugar babies, sex trafficking or sexual fetishes. Using
 human moderators and an artificial intelligence vendor known as HIVE, Truth Social has developed what TMTG believes is a robust, fair, and viewpoint-neutral moderation system and that its moderation practices are consistent with, and indeed help
 facilitate, TMTG s objective of maintaining a public, real-time platform where any user can create content, follow other users, and engage in an open and honest global conversation without fear of being censored or cancelled due to their
 political viewpoints. 

Prior to the Closing (as hereinafter defined), Private TMTG relied primarily on bridge financing, in the form of convertible promissory notes, to build the Truth Social platform. TMTG aims to use the proceeds from
 the Business Combination (as hereinafter defined) to catalyze growth, including through strategic investments in marketing, advertising sales, and the technology described below, while continuing to prioritize feature development and user
 experience. Private TMTG has historically incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities. For the reasons described below, TMTG expects to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operating
 activities for the foreseeable future, as it works to expand its user base, attracting more platform partners and advertisers. TMTG s ability to become profitable and generate positive cash flow depends on TMTG s success in growing its user base,
 platform partners, and advertisers. This growth is expected to come from the overall appeal of the Truth Social Platform.

TMTG may enhance this appeal through new initiatives or by acquiring new technologies. Private TMTG conducted extensive technological due diligence and testing regarding a particular, state-of-the-art technology
 that supports video streaming and provides a home for cancelled content creators, and which TMTG has worked to acquire and incorporate into its product offerings and/or services as soon as practicable. On April 16, 2024, TMTG announced that,
 after nine months of testing on its Web and iOS platforms, the Company has finished the research and development phase of a new live TV streaming platform and expects to begin scaling up its own content delivery network CDN ).

25 

Table

of Contents 

TMTG announced plans to roll out its streaming content in three phases:

Phase 1: Introduce Truth Social s CDN for streaming live TV to the Truth Social app for Android, iOS, and Web. On August 7, 2024, TMTG announced that TV streaming via Truth Social had become available via all three modalities.

Phase 2: Release stand-alone Truth Social over-the-top streaming apps for phones, tablets, and other devices. As of October 21, 2024, TMTG had announced that Truth+ streaming had been released as a standalone product on Android, iOS,
 and Web.

Phase 3: Release Truth Social streaming apps for home TV. As of October 23, 2024, TMTG had announced that Truth+ streaming had been released on Apple TV, Android TV, and Amazon Fire TV.

Such initiatives and acquisitions are subject to material changes and risks, some of which are beyond TMTG s control. Given these uncertainties, TMTG believes it is premature for TMTG to predict when it will attain
 profitability and positive cash flows from its operations.

In order to fund its operations prior to Closing, Private TMTG issued approximately two dozen convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 48,155.0 (net of repayments) from May 2021 through
 March 2024. All Private TMTG convertible promissory notes (the Private TMTG Convertible Notes ), including the foregoing, converted to shares of TMTG common stock immediately before the Closing of the
 Business Combination. See the section titled Liquidity and Capital Resources below.

The mailing address of TMTG s principal executive office is 401 N. Cattlemen Rd., Suite 200, Sarasota, Florida 34232.

Recent Developments

Business Combinations

Reverse Merger 

On October 20, 2021, Digital World Acquisition Corp. (now known as Trump Media Technology Group Corp.) (prior to the Closing, Digital World ), Merger Sub, Private
 TMTG, ARC Global Investments II, LLC (which was replaced and succeeded by RejuveTotal LLC, a New Mexico limited liability company effective as of March 14, 2024), in the capacity as the representative of the stockholders of Digital World, and
 Private TMTG s General Counsel in his capacity as the representative of the stockholders of Private TMTG, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to
 which, among other transactions, Merger Sub merged with and into Private TMTG, with Private TMTG continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of TMTG (the Merger and, together
 with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination ). On March 25, 2024 (the Closing Date ), the Business Combination was
 consummated (the Closing ).

In connection with the Business Combination, all shares of Private TMTG common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Closing (the Effective
 Time (other than those properly exercising any applicable dissenters rights under Delaware law) were exchanged for the Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement) (or, as applicable, the separate and additional
 consideration received by former holders of Private TMTG Convertible Notes issued by Private TMTG). Each Private TMTG Convertible Note that was outstanding immediately prior to the Closing was automatically converted immediately prior to the
 Effective Time into a number of shares of Private TMTG common stock, in accordance with each such Private TMTG Convertible Note as set forth therein. At the Closing, Digital World Acquisition Corp. changed its name to Trump Media 
 Technology Group Corp. and Private TMTG changed its name to TMTG Sub Inc. 

26 

Table

of Contents 

Notwithstanding the legal form of the Merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. GAAP because Private TMTG was determined to be the
 accounting acquirer under ASC 805. The determination was primarily based on the evaluation of the following facts and circumstances taking into consideration:

The pre-combination equity holders of Private TMTG hold the majority of voting rights in TMTG;

The pre-combination equity holders of Private TMTG have the right to appoint the majority of the directors on TMTG s Board;

Private TMTG senior management (executives) are the senior management (executives) of TMTG; and

Operations of Private TMTG comprise the ongoing operations of TMTG.

Under the reverse recapitalization model, the Merger is treated as Private TMTG issuing equity for the net assets of Digital World, with no goodwill or intangible assets recorded.

As of the Closing, (i) President Donald J. Trump beneficially held approximately 57.6 of the outstanding shares of TMTG common stock and (ii) the public stockholders of TMTG held approximately 21.9 of the
 outstanding shares of TMTG common stock. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, President Donald J. Trump beneficially holds approximately 52.9 of the outstanding shares of TMTG common stock, including 36,000,000 Earnout Shares (as defined in
 the Merger Agreement). President Trump s entitlement to the Earnout Shares was officially determined by TMTG on April 26, 2024 in accordance with the Merger Agreement, after which President Trump was issued the Earnout Shares.

WorldConnect Technologies

On July 3, 2024, TMTG, WorldConnect Technologies, L.L.C. WCT ), WorldConnect IPTV Solutions, LLC Solutions and JedTec, L.L.C. JedTec entered into an asset acquisition agreement (the Asset Acquisition Agreement ), pursuant to which TMTG agreed to acquire substantially all of the assets of WCT
 or its affiliate, which mainly included certain agreements, including an option agreement (the Option Agreement ), dated February 5, 2024, by and between WCT, Perception Group, Inc., Perception TVCDN Ltd.,
 and FORA, FOrum RA unalni tva, d.o.o., as amended (each of the parties thereto other than WCT, collectively, Perception ), as well as ancillary agreements related to the source code purchase (the Source Code Purchase Agreement and support and maintenance (the Support and Maintenance Agreement , together with the Source Code Purchase Agreement, the CDN Agreements ). The transaction closed on August 9, 2024, the date which was two business days after the Company implemented the Perception Software and Network (as defined below) with all back-end API
 services having become generally available on iOS, Google/Android, and web media services and with streaming enabled from at least one data-center (the Closing Date ).

Pursuant to the Option Agreement, on the Closing Date, WCT assigned to the Company the CDN Agreements, which are expected to be used for the roll out of the CDN technology for the Truth platform (the updated
 version of the Company s Truth Social web and mobile application with streaming enabled using intellectual property obtained from Perception, the Perception Software and Network ). In addition, Perception
 and its affiliates agreed not to use or permit other parties to use the Source Code (as defined below) until August 9, 2029 for any purpose that competes, in the United States, with the Truth platform or commercialization of such Source Code in
 the United States. In addition, the Option Agreement grants the (i) option to purchase Perception, subject to a future negotiation of the price and terms of such acquisition and (ii) right of first refusal to purchase Perception in the event of a
 bona fide written offer from an unaffiliated third party to purchase more than 50 of the assets of Perception. The Company does not have any current intention to exercise those rights.

27 

Table

of Contents 

Pursuant to the Asset Acquisition Agreement, on the Closing Date, the Company agreed to issue to Solutions and JedTec as consideration up to 5,100,000 shares (the Shares of TMTG common stock, 2,600,000 shares of which were issued on the Closing Date and 2,500,000 shares of which will be issuable upon the satisfaction of certain Milestones (as defined in the Asset Acquisition Agreement). In addition, with respect
 to all of the Shares, for a period of 12 months after the Closing Date, neither JedTec, Solutions nor their respective affiliates will be permitted to collectively sell an amount of the Shares during any consecutive two trading week period (the Two Week Sale Period exceeding the Set Percentage. For the purposes of this restriction, the Set Percentage means a percentage of the average daily trading volume
 of the common stock during the immediately preceding two consecutive trading weeks as reported on primary exchange on which the common stock is traded (i.e., currently the NASDAQ) (the Prior Two Week ADTV ).

Unsold amounts from a Two Week Sale Period do not carry over to a subsequent Two Week Sale Period. The Set Percentage is 3 for the first nine months after the Closing Date and 5 from six to 12 months after the Closing Date. For example, if
 during the first nine months after the Closing date, a Prior Two Week ADTV is 5,000,000 shares, restricted holders cannot sell more than 150,000 shares during the following Two Week Sale Period. Under the same fact pattern during six to 12 months
 after the Closing Date, restricted holders could not sell more than 250,000 shares during such Two Week Sale Period.

Concurrently with the execution of the Asset Acquisition Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to the willingness of the Company to enter into it, WCT exercised the Option Agreement and entered into the
 Source Code Purchase Agreement and the Support and Maintenance Agreement, which agreements were assigned to the Company on the Closing Date. Under the Source Code Purchase Agreement, Perception agreed to sell a copy of the source code of the
 software related to the CDN technology Source Code and grant the WCT (which grant was assigned under the Asset Acquisition Agreement to the Company) an irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual
 right and license to forever retain, copy, reproduce, use, modify, enhance, create modifications and derivative works of, display, distribute, perform, compile, execute, sublicense, and otherwise exploit the Source Code and all resulting compiled
 software for commercial exploitation. The purchase price of 17,500,000 is payable by the Company in four installments to be completed by the third anniversary of the execution date of the Source Code Purchase Agreement. Further to supplement
 the Source Code Purchase Agreement, WCT entered into a Support and Maintenance Agreement, under which Perception is to assist TMTG in commercializing the Source Code to develop, launch, and grow the platform. The acquisition of the Source Code is
 effective as of the Closing Date. Pursuant to the Asset Acquisition Agreement, TMTG will assume on the Closing Date WCT s rights and obligations under the Source Code Purchase Agreement and the Support and Maintenance Agreement. In connection
 with the Source Code Agreement, TMTG entered into a source code escrow agreement related to the sale of the Source Code. Pursuant to such agreement, Perception will deposit a copy of the Source Code into an escrow account. Subject to certain
 terms and conditions, immediately after the Closing Date, the escrow agent will hold the Source Code until Perception receives the full purchase price of 17,500,000 for the Source Code. Upon full payment, the Source Code and any modifications
 will be released to TMTG.

TMTG entered into a registration rights agreement with Solutions and JedTec on the Closing Date, pursuant to which the TMTG will file a registration statement with the SEC to register for resale the Shares within
 15 days following the Closing Date upon receiving a demand for registration from WCT. TMTG filed the registration statement on August 23, 2024, and it became effective on September 5, 2024. TMTG will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such
 registration statement to remain effective until all the Shares covered by such registration statement have been sold.

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

On July 3, 2024, the Company entered into the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement SEPA with YA II PN, LTD., a Cayman Islands exempt limited partnership Yorkville ). Pursuant to the SEPA, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Yorkville up to 2,500,000.0 of its Common Stock, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth
 in the SEPA, from time to time during the term of the SEPA. A registration statement covering the resale of 37,644,969 shares of Common Stock by Yorkville (Commission file number 333-280691) was filed on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement in accordance with the SEPA and was declared effective by the SEC on July 15, 2024.

28 

Table

of Contents 

The per share subscription price Yorkville will pay for the shares is 97.25 of the Market Price during a one- or three-day pricing period elected by the Company. The Market Price 
 is defined in the SEPA as the lowest daily VWAP (as defined below) during the one trading day, in the case of a one-day pricing period, or of the three consecutive trading days, in the case of a three-day pricing period, commencing on the trading
 day on which the Company delivers an Advance Notice to Yorkville. VWAP means, for any trading day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Company s Common Stock for such date on NASDAQ as reported
 by Bloomberg L.P. during regular trading hours. There is no upper limit on the subscription price per share that Yorkville could be obligated to pay for the shares.

Yorkville is not obligated to subscribe to any shares under the SEPA which, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by Yorkville and its affiliates (as calculated pursuant to
 Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder), would result in the beneficial ownership by Yorkville and its affiliates to
 exceed 4.99 of the outstanding voting power or number of the Company s Common Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ).

As consideration for Yorkville s commitment to purchase shares at the Company s direction upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the SEPA, on July 3, 2024 the Company agreed to pay YA Global II
 SPV, LLC, a subsidiary of Yorkville, (i) a structuring fee in the amount of 25.0 and (ii) a commitment fee in the form of 200,000 shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares ). EF Hutton LLC EF Hutton acted as the exclusive placement agent in connection with the transactions contemplated by the SEPA, for which the Company issued to EF Hutton 125,000 shares of Common Stock (the Placement Agent Shares ).

The Company shall not effect any sales under the SEPA and Yorkville shall not have any obligation to purchase shares under the SEPA to the extent that after giving effect to such purchase and sale the aggregate
 number of shares of Common Stock issued under the SEPA together with any shares of Common Stock issued in connection with any other transactions that may be considered part of the same series of transactions, where the average price of such sales
 would be less than 31.73 and the number of shares issued would exceed the number of shares representing 19.99 of the outstanding voting common stock as of June 25, 2024 (the Exchange Cap ).

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, Yorkville purchased 17,330,365 shares of Common Stock for prices between 14.31 and 36.13 per share, pursuant to the terms of the SEPA. Proceeds of these
 equity sales under the terms of the SEPA were approximately 339,463.1. Such issuances were in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company had offered and sold 17,530,365 shares of Common Stock to Yorkville pursuant to the SEPA, including the Commitment Shares.

Convertible Promissory Notes

Through March 31, 2024, Private TMTG issued Private TMTG Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 48,155.0 (net of repayments) that accrued interest at a range between 5 and 10 per annum until
 converted. See Note 10 Convertible Promissory Notes And Warrants, in the accompanying financial statements for details. Immediately prior to the Closing, all Private TMTG Convertible Notes were converted into Private TMTG common stock.

Key Factors Affecting Results of Operations

Executive Promissory Notes

Private TMTG issued TMTG Executive Promissory Notes to certain executives prior to the Closing Date. The principal amounts of such notes were as follows: 1,150.0 for Devin Nunes, our Chief Executive Officer,
 4,900.0 for Phillip Juhan, our Chief Financial Officer, and 200.0 for Andrew Northwall, our Chief Operating Officer, and the aggregate amount of such notes for other executives was 650.0. Private TMTG was not required to pay any interest
 pursuant to such notes. Upon the closing of the Merger, such notes automatically converted in whole, without any further action by the holders thereof, into 690,000 shares of TMTG common stock.

29 

Table

of Contents 

Inflation and the Global Supply Chain

Currently the U.S. economy is experiencing a bout of increased inflation, resulting in rising prices. The U.S. Federal Reserve, as well as its counterparts in other countries, have engaged in a series of interest
 rate hikes in an effort to combat rising inflation. Although inflation did not have a significant impact on our results of operations for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we anticipate that inflation will have an impact on our
 business going forward, including through a material increase in our cost of revenue and operating expenses in the coming years, if not permanently. Continued or permanent rises in core costs could impact our growth negatively.

Current Economic Conditions

We are subject to risks and uncertainties caused by events with significant macroeconomic impacts, including, but not limited to, the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Israel-Hamas war, and
 actions taken to counter inflation. Supply chain constraints, labor shortages, inflation, and rising interest rates and reduced consumer confidence have caused advertisers in a variety of industries to be cautious in their spending and to either
 pause or slow their campaigns.

In order to manage our cost structure in light of the current macroeconomic environment and pending TMTG s access to additional capital via the Business Combination, we sought opportunities to reduce our expense
 growth. Following the elimination of several positions in March 2023, we paused hiring in the second quarter of 2023. We were subsequently more selective about the roles that we filled, resulting in some attrition. We also reduced non-labor spend
 in areas such as travel, rent, consulting fees, and professional services.

The extent of the ongoing impact of these macroeconomic events on our business and on global economic activity is uncertain and may continue to adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Our
 past results may not be indicative of our future performance, and historical trends in revenue, income (loss) from operations, net income (loss), and net income (loss) per share may differ materially.

Private TMTG s Former Chairman President Donald J. Trump

TMTG s success depends in part on the popularity of our brand and the reputation and popularity of President Donald J. Trump. The value of TMTG s brand may diminish if the popularity of President Donald J. Trump
 were to suffer. Adverse reactions to publicity relating to President Donald J. Trump, or the loss of his services, could adversely affect TMTG s revenues, results of operations and its ability to maintain or generate a consumer base. President
 Donald J. Trump is involved in numerous lawsuits and other matters that could damage his reputation. 4 Additionally, TMTG s business plan relies on President Donald
 J. Trump bringing his former social media followers to TMTG s platform. In the event any of these, or other events, cause his followers to lose interest in his messages, the number of users of our platform could decline or not grow as we have
 assumed. To the extent users prefer a platform that is not associated with President Donald J. Trump, TMTG s ability to attract users may decrease.

Growth in User Base

We currently rely on the sale of advertising services for all of our revenue. If we experience a decline in the number of users or a decline in user engagement, including as a result of the loss of high-profile
 individuals and entities who generate content on Truth Social, advertisers may not view Truth Social as attractive for their marketing expenditures, and may reduce their spending with us, which would harm our business and operating results.

Truth Social is being developed as a global platform for public self-expression and conversation in real time and our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to Truth Social on the internet by our users
 and advertisers. We face strong competition to attract and engage users, including other social media platforms that focus on the same audience that Truth Social focuses on, competitors that develop products, features, or services that are
 similar to ours or that achieve greater market acceptance, companies which have greater financial resources and substantially larger user bases, which offer a variety of internet and mobile device-based products, services and content.

30 

Table

of Contents 

The growth of our user base depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance and reliability of our products and services compared to those of our competitors; the
 amount, quality and timeliness of content generated by our users; the frequency and relative prominence of the ads displayed by us or our competitors; the safety and security of Truth Social; and whether there is improper access to or
 disclosure of our users information, which could harm our reputation.

Prior to the Closing, Private TMTG relied primarily on bridge financing, in the form of convertible promissory notes, to build the Truth Social platform. TMTG intends to use the funds available as a result of the
 Business Combination to catalyze growth, including through strategic investments in marketing, advertising sales, and new technologies as described above, while continuing to prioritize feature development and user experience. Private TMTG has
 historically incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities. For the reasons described below, TMTG expects to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities for the foreseeable
 future, as it works to expand its user base, attracting more platform partners and advertisers.

Attract, Retain and Motivate Talented Employees

Our results of operations rely on the leadership and experience of our relatively small number of key executive management personnel, and the loss of key personnel or the inability of replacements to quickly and
 successfully perform in their new roles could adversely affect our business. We have experienced management departures and may continue to experience management departures. Any significant diversion of management attention away from ongoing
 business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The loss of the services of these key employees or
 our executive management members could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects, as we may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace such personnel on a timely basis or without incurring increased costs.

Furthermore, although the risk is somewhat mitigated by the non-competition agreements signed by certain key employees in connection with the Closing of the Business Combination, if we lose or terminate the
 services of one or more of our key employees or if one or more of our current or former executives or key employees joins a competitor or otherwise competes with us, it could impair our business and our ability to successfully implement our
 business plan. Additionally, if we are unable to hire qualified replacements for our executive and other key positions in a timely fashion, our ability to execute our business plan would be harmed. Even if we can quickly hire qualified
 replacements, we could experience operational disruptions and inefficiencies during any such transition. We believe that our future success will depend on our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. In
 addition, many of our key technologies and systems will be custom-made for our business by our personnel. The loss of key engineering, product development, marketing and sales personnel could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on
 our business.

Expansion into New Geographic Markets

We plan to continue expanding our business operations by offering our products around the globe, and Truth Social is generally available internationally. As a result, we have entered new international markets where
 we have limited or no experience in marketing, selling, and deploying our products and may be subject to increased business and economic risks. We may not be able to monetize our products and services internationally as a result of competition,
 advertiser demand, differences in the digital advertising market and digital advertising conventions, as well as differences in the way that users in different countries access or utilize our products and services. Differences in the competitive
 landscape in international markets may impact our ability to monetize our products and services. It is possible that governments of one or more countries may seek to censor content available on Truth Social in their country or impose other
 restrictions that may affect the accessibility of Truth Social in their country for an extended period of time or indefinitely.

In addition, governments in other countries may seek to restrict access to Truth Social from their country entirely if they consider us to be in violation of their laws. In the event that access to Truth Social is
 restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more countries or our competitors are able to successfully penetrate geographic markets that we cannot access, our ability to retain or increase our user base and user engagement may be adversely
 affected, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated, and our financial results could be adversely affected. We may be subject to greater risks than typical social media platforms because of the focus of our offerings and
 the involvement of President Donald J. Trump. If we fail to deploy or manage our operations in international markets successfully, our business may suffer.

31 

Table

of Contents 

Key Operating Metrics

From its inception through the Closing, Private TMTG focused on developing Truth Social by enhancing features and user interface rather than relying on traditional performance metrics like average revenue per user,
 ad impressions and pricing, or active user accounts, including monthly and daily active users. While many industry peers may gather and report on these or similar metrics, given the early development stage of the Truth Social platform, TMTG s
 management team has not relied on any particular key performance metric to make business or operating decisions. TMTG believes that this evaluation is critical and in line with its commitment to implement a robust business plan that may involve
 introducing innovative features and potentially incorporating new technologies. At this juncture in its development, TMTG believes that adhering to traditional key performance indicators, such as signups, average revenue per user, ad impressions
 and pricing, or active user accounts including monthly and daily active users, could potentially divert its focus from strategic evaluation with respect to the progress and growth of its business. TMTG believes that focusing on these key
 performance indicators might not align with the best interests of TMTG or its stockholders, as it could lead to short-term decision-making at the expense of long-term innovation and value creation. Therefore, TMTG believes that this strategic
 evaluation is critical and aligns with its commitment to a robust business plan that includes introducing innovative features and new technologies.

In connection with such an evaluation, and consistent with SEC guidance, TMTG will consider the relevant key performance indicators for its then-current business operations and determine whether it has effective
 controls and procedures in place to process information related to the disclosure of key performance indicators and metrics. Should this be the case, TMTG may decide to collect and report such metrics if they are deemed to significantly enhance
 investors understanding of TMTG s financial condition, cash flows, and other aspects of its financial performance. However, TMTG may find it challenging or cost-prohibitive to implement such effective controls and procedures and may never
 collect, monitor, or report any or certain key operating metrics. As the platform evolves and new technologies and features are added, TMTG s management team expects to reevaluate whether TMTG will gather and monitor one or more metrics and rely
 on such information in making management decisions. If TMTG determines to do so, TMTG expects to present such material key operating metrics appropriately in its periodic reports to enhance investors understanding of its financial condition,
 cash flows, and any other changes in financial condition and results of operations.

Components of Results of Operations

Revenue

As of the period ended September 30, 2024, all revenue has been derived from the advertising of products and services on the Truth Social platform. Advertising revenue is generated by displaying advertisements as
 posts (attributable to Truth Ads in users Truth Social feeds.

On August 19, 2022, TMTG entered into an Advertising Publisher Agreement Rumble Agreement with Rumble USA, Inc. Rumble ),
 pursuant to which Rumble was engaged to sell advertising space for the placement of advertisements on Truth Social by making Truth Social Ad units Ad Unit or Ad Units 

available for advertisers on an advertising manager service maintained by Rumble. TMTG and Rumble executed a minimum guarantee advertising publisher agreement on October 30, 2023 (the Minimum Guarantee Rumble
 Agreement ), which replaced the Rumble Agreement. While TMTG determines the number of Ad Units available on our Truth Social platform, the prices for the Ad Units are set by an auction operated and managed by Rumble. Under the current
 agreement, 70 of the total aggregate gross revenues from the sale of Ad Units are allocated to TMTG, and the Ad Units will comprise at least 85 of the aggregate number of paid advertisements directly into Truth Social feeds by TMTG each month.
 We recognize advertising revenue during the period in which we satisfy our performance obligation by displaying advertisements in users Truth Social feeds. We reimburse Rumble for the direct out-of-pocket costs incurred by Rumble in the
 performance of the service covered by the Rumble Agreement, including processing fees and chargebacks/refunds paid to advertisers in relation to an Ad Unit.

32 

Table

of Contents 

On October 3, 2022, TMTG entered into a Publisher Agreement (the TAME Agreement with The Affinity Media Exchange, Inc. TAME ),
 pursuant to which TMTG engaged TAME as its non-exclusive agent and representative for the sale of Digital Advertising Inventory on Truth Social. Digital Advertising Inventory means all advertising opportunities on the Truth Social platform
 which are inserted or added to the TMTG website, app, ad stacks, or video exchange players of Truth Social. Within 25 days of the end of each calendar month, TAME is required to provide TMTG with month end sales reporting by platform and to pay
 TMTG the net revenues actually paid to TAME by the advertisers, after deducting TAME s commissions equal to 10 of the Digital Advertising Inventory revenue actually collected on behalf of TMTG for Truth Social.

The Rumble Agreement grants to Rumble a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use any and all trademarks, service marks, trade names, symbols, logos and other branding identifiers of TMTG and Truth
 Social solely for purposes of performing the services covered by the Rumble Agreement, provided, however, that such license does not include permission to alter, modify, edit, denigrate, or distort Donald J. Trump s name, photograph, likeness
 (including caricature), voice, and biographical information, or any reproduction or simulation thereof.

The TAME Agreement does not contain a license to intellectual property.

Neither the Rumble Agreement nor the TAME Agreement provide for access to TMTG s platform or services.

For a description of TMTG s revenue recognition policies, see Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies and Practices, in TMTG s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three and nine
 months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, included in this Quarterly Report.

Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue primarily encompasses expenses associated with generating advertising revenue, direct costs associated with the acquisition and licensing of content, and streaming delivery costs of our CDN,
 excluding depreciation and amortization expense.

TMTG expects cost of revenue to increase significantly in the foreseeable future as it expands its Truth Social and Truth+ platforms. Such increases will likely include investment in infrastructure and other direct
 costs such as revenue share expenses, allocated facility costs, and traffic acquisition costs TAC ).

Infrastructure costs allocated may include data center costs related to TMTG s co-located facilities, lease and hosting costs, related support and maintenance costs and energy and bandwidth costs, public cloud
 hosting costs; and personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation, for our operations teams.

TAC costs may include costs TMTG incurs with third parties in connection with the sale to advertisers of its advertising products that it places on third-party publishers websites and applications or other
 offerings collectively resulting from acquisitions.

General and Administration Expenses

General and administration expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation for TMTG s executive, finance, legal, information technology, human
 resources and other administration employees. In addition, general and administration expenses include fees and costs for professional services, including consulting, third-party legal and accounting services and facilities costs and other
 supporting overhead costs that are not allocated to other departments.

We also expect to incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses necessary to comply with rules and regulations applicable to companies listed on a national securities
 exchange and related to compliance and reporting obligations pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

33 

Table

of Contents 

Sales and Marketing Expenses

Sales and marketing expenses consist of personnel-related costs, including salaries, commissions, benefits and stock-based compensation, for our employees engaged in sales, sales support, business development and
 media, marketing, corporate communications and customer service functions. In addition, marketing and sales-related expenses also include advertising costs, market research, trade shows, branding, marketing, public relations costs, allocated
 facilities costs, and other supporting overhead costs.

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation, for TMTG s engineers and other employees engaged in the research and
 development of its products and services. In addition, research and development expenses include allocated facilities costs and other supporting overhead costs.

Depreciation and Amortization Expense

Depreciation expense consists primarily of depreciation of computer software and computer equipment. Amortization expense consists of amortization of intangible assets.

Non-Operating Income and Other Items

Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities

Private TMTG determined the automatic discounted share-settlement feature of its convertible promissory notes was an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation accounting as (1) the feature was not clearly and
 closely related to the debt host and (2) the feature met the definition of a derivative under ASC 815 (Derivatives and Hedging).

The bifurcated embedded features of the Private TMTG Convertible Notes were initially recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value on the date of issuance. After the initial recognition, the fair value of the
 embedded derivative feature changed over time due to changes in market conditions. The change in fair market value has been included in the statement of operations through the date the debt was converted.

Interest Expense

Interest expense consists of accreted interest expense on Private TMTG s outstanding convertible promissory note obligations and assumed debt from the WCT acquisition, amortization of deferred financing costs,
 other related financing expenses and the post-merger interest expense related to DWAC s Note Purchase Agreements. The convertible promissory notes (net of any related debt issuance costs) accreted interest using the respective effective interest
 rate method until the debt was extinguished.

Interest Income

Interest income consists of interest earned from banking institutions and through repurchase agreements.

Income Tax Expense

TMTG is subject to income taxes in the United States. The Company maintains a net operating loss NOL position but has not recognized a benefit in future years. Deferred
 income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided when it is
 more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. TMTG has established a full valuation allowance to offset its U.S. net deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of realizing future tax benefits from our NOL carryforwards
 and other deferred tax assets. The utilization of the net operating losses prior to the Merger will be limited as per IRC Section 382.

Results of Operations

Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

The results of operations presented below should be reviewed in conjunction with TMTG s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
 together with the related notes thereto, included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.

34 

Table

of Contents 

The following table sets forth TMTG s unaudited statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the dollar and percentage change between the two periods:

(in thousands)

For the three months ended

 September 30, 2024

For the three months ended

 September 30, 2023

Variance,

Variance,

(unaudited)

Revenue

1,010.9

1,071.3

(60.4

(6

Operating costs and expenses:

Cost of Revenue

123.3

41.3

82.0

199

Research and development

3,893.7

2,202.7

1,691.0

77

Sales and marketing

2,189.4

333.6

1,855.8

556

General and administration

17,697.0

1,509.0

16,188.0

1,073

Depreciation and amortization

762.2

14.7

747.5

5,085

Total operating costs and expenses

24,665.6

4,101.3

20,564.3

501

(in thousands)

For the three months ended

 September 30, 2024

For the three months ended

 September 30, 2023

Variance,

Variance,

(unaudited)

Operating income/(loss)

(23,654.7

(3,030.0

(20,624.7

681

Other income:

Interest expense

(246.7

(15,071.9

14,825.2

(98

Interest income

4,653.0

-

4,653.0

-

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities

-

(7,931.2

7,931.2

(100

Loss before income tax expense

(19,248.4

(26,033.1

6,784.7

(26

Income tax expense

-

-

-

-

Net Loss

(19,248.4

(26,033.1

6,784.7

(26

35 

Table

of Contents 

Revenues

Revenues decreased approximately 60.4, or 6 , to approximately 1,010.9 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to revenue of approximately 1,071.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2023.
 The decrease was attributable to a change in a revenue share agreement with one of our advertising partners, which was intended to improve the Company s short-term, pre-Business Combination financial position. Additionally, revenue has varied as
 we selectively test a nascent advertising initiative on the Company s Truth Social platform.

Cost of revenue expenses

Cost of revenue increased approximately 82.0, or 199 , to approximately 123.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 41.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The
 increase was primarily due to content license and data center lease costs that support the Truth+ platform.

Research and Development Expense

Research and development expense increased approximately 1,691.0, or 77 , to 3,893.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2,202.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase
 was primarily due to higher software and server costs related to the development and launch of Truth+.

Sales and Marketing Expense

Sales and marketing expense increased approximately 1,855.8, or 556 , to 2,189.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 333.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The
 increase was driven almost entirely by an increase in marketing expense following access to additional capital.

General and Administration Expense

General and administration expense increased approximately 16,188.0 or 1,073 , to 17,697.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,509.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The
 increase was primarily due to higher legal, software license, insurance, accounting, and finance fees during the third quarter of 2024.

Depreciation and amortization

Depreciation and amortization expense increased approximately 747.5, or 5,085 , to approximately 762.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 14.7 for the three months ended
 September 30, 2023. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was due to the acquisition of software and hardware utilized to place our CDN into service as part of our launch of streaming video through Truth+.

Change in the Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities

The loss from the change in the fair value of the derivative liabilities of the Private TMTG Convertible Notes decreased 100 from 7,931.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. All Private TMTG
 Convertible Notes were automatically converted into shares of our common stock immediately prior to Closing of the Business Combination on March 25, 2024. The issuance of Private TMTG common stock upon conversion of the Private TMTG Convertible
 Notes extinguished the derivative liabilities immediately prior to the Closing. Therefore, there was no derivative liability as of September 30, 2024 and no adjustment to earnings pertaining to the Private TMTG Convertible Notes derivative
 liabilities during the third quarter of 2024.

Interest Expense

Interest expense decreased approximately 14,825.2, or 98 , to approximately 246.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to interest expense of approximately 15,071.9 for the three months ended
 September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to the conversion of Private TMTG convertible promissory notes into common stock, thus no longer accruing accreted interest as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023.

36 

Table

of Contents 

Interest Income

Interest income increased to approximately 4,653.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due primarily to interest earned in
 the third quarter of 2024 on cash holdings in a money market account and interest earned through a repurchase agreement.

Income Tax Expense

TMTG did not record an income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as no net credit was recognized due to the uncertainty of realizing future tax benefits from the NOL carryforwards
 and other deferred tax assets. TMTG has established a full valuation allowance to offset its net deferred tax assets due to these uncertainties.

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

The results of operations presented below should be reviewed in conjunction with TMTG s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
 together with the related notes thereto, included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.

The following table sets forth TMTG s unaudited statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the dollar and percentage change between the two periods:

(in thousands)

For the nine months ended

 September 30, 2024

For the nine months ended

 September 30, 2023

Variance,

Variance,

(unaudited)

Revenue

2,618.3

3,379.6

(761.3

(23

Operating costs and expenses:

Cost of revenue

252.9

123.8

129.1

104

Research and development

41,913.9

7,212.2

34,701.7

481

Sales and marketing

4,435.1

978.1

3,457.0

353

General and administration

95,910.7

5,666.7

90,244.0

1,593

Depreciation and amortization

771.5

47.6

723.9

1,521

Total operating costs and expenses

143,284.1

14,028.4

129,255.7

921

37 

Table

of Contents 

(in thousands)

For the nine months ended

 September 30, 2024

For the nine months ended

 September 30, 2023

Variance,

Variance,

(unaudited)

Operating loss

(140,665.8

(10,648.8

(130,017.0

1,221

Other income:

Interest expense

(2,906.5

(37,702.5

34,796.0

(92

Interest income

6,814.5

-

6,814.5

-

Loss on the extinguishment of debt

(542.3

-

(542.3

-

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities

(225,916.0

(660.2

(225,255.8

34,119

Loss before income tax expense

(363,216.1

(49,011.5

(314,204.6

641

Income tax expense

-

-

-

-

Net loss

(361,216.1

(49,011.5

(314,204.6

641

Revenues

Revenues decreased approximately 761.3, or 23 , to approximately 2,618.3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to revenue of approximately 3,379.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. A
 significant portion of the decrease was attributable to a change in a revenue share agreement with one of our advertising partners, which was intended to improve the Company s short-term, pre-Business Combination financial position. Additionally,
 revenue has varied as we selectively test a nascent advertising initiative on the Company s Truth Social platform.

Cost of revenue expense

Cost of revenue increased approximately 129.1, or 104 , to approximately 252.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 123.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The
 increase was primarily due to content license and data center lease costs that support the Truth+ platform.

Research and Development Expense

Research and development expense increased approximately 34,701.7 or 481 , to approximately 41,913.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 7,212.2 for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by 30,142.5 of non-cash stock-based compensation expense recorded in the first quarter of 2024 related to the issuance of convertible notes to certain vendors engaged in the development of
 our live TV streaming platform.

Sales and Marketing Expense

Sales and marketing expense increased by approximately 3,457.0, or 353 , to approximately 4,435.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 978.1 for the nine months ended September
 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by a 2,511.3 increase in marketing expense following access to additional capital and a 600.0 bonus paid to an entity owned by a former director of and consultant to Private TMTG, as further described
 herein.

38 

Table

of Contents 

General and Administration Expense

General and administration expense increased by approximately 90,244.0, or 1,593 , to approximately 95,910.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 5,666.7 for the nine months
 ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to merger related costs including 54,445.5 of non-cash stock-based compensation expense recorded in the first quarter of 2024 in connection with the issuance of Private TMTG Promissory
 Notes issued to Company executives (and one consultant) that converted into shares of our common stock upon execution of the Merger. Additionally, the Company experienced higher legal, insurance, software license, accounting, finance, and other
 merger-related costs.

Depreciation and amortization

Depreciation and amortization expense increased approximately 723.9, or 1,521 , to approximately 771.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 47.6 for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2023. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was due to the acquisition of software and hardware utilized to place our CDN into service as part of our launch of streaming video through Truth+.

Change in the Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities

The loss from the change in the fair value of the derivative liabilities of the Private TMTG Convertible Notes increased by approximately 225,255.8, or 34,119 , to approximately 225,916.0 for the nine months
 ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 660.2 the nine months ended September 30, 2023. All Private TMTG Convertible Notes were automatically converted into shares of our common stock immediately prior to Closing of the Business
 Combination, and pursuant to ASC 815, the derivative liabilities were revalued immediately prior to the conversion of the Private TMTG Convertible Notes on March 25, 2024, when our closing share price was 49.95 per share. The substantial
 increase in the value of our common stock when combined with the certainty of our execution of the Merger were primarily responsible for the increase in the change in fair value of the derivative liabilities. The increase in the fair value of the
 derivative liabilities is a non-cash expense and the issuance of Private TMTG common stock upon conversion of the Private TMTG Convertible Notes extinguished the derivative liabilities immediately prior to the Closing. Therefore, there was no
 derivative liability as of September 30, 2024 and there will no longer be future earnings adjustments pertaining to the Private TMTG Convertible Notes derivative liabilities.

Interest Expense

Interest expense decreased by approximately 34,796.0, or 92 , to approximately 2,906.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 37,702.5 for the nine months ended September 30,
 2023. The decrease was due primarily to the conversion of Private TMTG convertible promissory notes to common stock, thus no longer accruing accreted interest as compared for the nine months ended September 30, 2023.

Interest Income

Interest income increased to approximately 6,814.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to interest earned in the third
 quarter of 2024 on cash holdings in a money market account and interest earned through a repurchase agreement.

Income Tax Expense

TMTG did not record an income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as no net credit was recognized due to the uncertainty of realizing future tax benefits from the NOL carryforwards
 and other deferred tax assets. TMTG has established a full valuation allowance to offset its net deferred tax assets due to these uncertainties.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Historically, Private TMTG financed operations primarily through cash proceeds from the Private TMTG Convertible Notes. Our primary short-term requirements for liquidity and capital are to fund general working
 capital.

39 

Table

of Contents 

TMTG is currently seeking to (1) grow its initial product, Truth Social; (2) increase its product offerings and services, including through further development of its streaming technology platform, Truth+; and (3)
 pursue strategic acquisitions and/or partnerships. TMTG intends to fund these activities through a combination of deploying cash on hand, generating advertising revenues, issuing equity (including 5,100,000 shares in connection with an asset
 acquisition agreement signed on July 3, 2024), and/or selling stock pursuant to that certain Standby Equity Purchase Agreement dated July 3, 2024.

Although TMTG anticipates that current cash on hand will be sufficient to fund its operations for the foreseeable future, TMTG cannot guarantee that it will not be required to obtain additional financing, or that
 additional financing, if needed, will be available on terms acceptable to TMTG, or at all. In addition, although there are no other present binding understandings, commitments, or agreements with respect to any acquisition of other businesses,
 products, or technologies, TMTG will, from time to time, evaluate acquisitions of other businesses, products, and technologies. If TMTG is unable to raise additional equity or debt financing, as and when needed, it could be forced to forego such
 acquisitions or significantly curtail its operations.

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments balance totaled approximately 672,878.2 and 2,572.7, respectively. The 670,305.5 increase in the Company s
 cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments in the first nine months of 2024 is primarily due to cash proceeds of 233,017.5 from the merger with DWAC, 47,455.0 from the issuance of convertible notes, 117,949.8 from the exercise of
 warrants (net of cash issuance costs), and 336,554.4 from the issuance of common stock (net of repurchases). Cash and cash equivalents consist of interest-bearing deposits held at financial institutions. Cash deposits are held at major financial
 institutions and are subject to credit risk to the extent those balances exceed applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limitations. Short-term investments consist of a repurchase agreement in which we loan our cash over 1 to 3
 days to a seller in exchange for interest earned on debt securities collateralizing the loan. The seller retains a beneficial interest in the securities serving as collateral.

Cash Flows

The following table shows our cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the stated periods:

(in thousands)

For the nine months ended

 September 30, 2024

For the nine months ended

 September 30, 2023

Variance

Variance

(unaudited)

Net cash used in operating activities

(52,640.0

(10,467.2

(42,172.8

403

Net cash used in investing activities

(312,773.7

(2.2

(312,771.5

>100

Net cash provided by financing activities

734,976.8

2,500.0

732,476.7

>100

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities

Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 52,640.0 compared to 10,467.2 used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The
 increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by 37,189.0 of higher year-to-date expenses (including higher legal, insurance, marketing, software license, accounting, finance, and other merger-related costs) and 6,580.0 of
 merger-related cash bonuses paid in March and April of 2024.

40 

Table

of Contents 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 312,773.7 compared to 2.2 used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The
 substantial increase was due to the following: 300,742.5 of cash outflows to short-term investments, a 7,000.0 cash payment related to the acquisition of WorldConnect Technologies, and approximately 5,031.2 of cash disbursements related to
 placing our data centers into service.

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities

Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 734,976.7 compared to 2,500.0 provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30,
 2023. The increase was due to cash proceeds of 233,017.5 from the merger with DWAC, 47,455.0 from the issuance of convertible notes, 117,949.8 from the exercise of warrants, and 336,554.4 from the issuance of common stock (net of
 repurchases).

Convertible Promissory Notes

Notes 1 to 7 were Convertible Promissory Notes issued from May 2021 through October 2021 with a cumulative face value of 5,340.0 (including 240.0 of debt issuance costs), maturity of 24 months from each
 respective issuance date and interest was accrued at 5 based on the simple interest method (365 days year) for each note. Each of Notes 1 to 7 contemplated multiple plausible outcomes that include conversion upon a Qualified SPAC Business
 Combination SPAC and at least one of the following conversion triggers: Qualified Initial Public Offering IPO ), private equity transaction and/or change of
 control. All outstanding principal of these Notes, together with all accrued but unpaid interest on such principal, would convert to equity. The number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the lender upon conversion of the Notes in the
 event of a completed SPAC transaction would be the number of shares of the Company stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding, divided by 4.00. In
 other, non-SPAC conversion scenarios, the number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon conversion of the Notes was variable based on the application of an automatic discounted share-settlement feature. For Notes 1 and 2, the
 number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon a non-SPAC conversion event would be the number of shares of Company stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on
 the Notes then outstanding (b) divided by 40 of the initial public offering price per share of a qualified initial public offering. For Notes 3 to 7, the number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon a non-SPAC conversion
 event would be the number of shares of Company stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding (b) divided by 40 of (i) the initial public offering price
 per share of a qualified initial public offering, (ii) the price per share as determined by the valuation of the Company in connection with a qualified private equity raise, or (iii) in the case of a change of control, the price per share
 determined in accordance with the Company s then current fair value determined by an independent valuation firm.

Notes 8 to 12 were Convertible Promissory Notes issued from November 2021 through December 2021 with a cumulative face value of 17,500.0, maturity of between 18 months and 36 months and interest was accrued at a
 range between 5 and 10 based on the simple interest method (365 days year) for each note. Notes 8 to 12 were convertible simultaneously with the completion of a SPAC merger agreement or IPO. All outstanding principal of these Notes, together
 with all accrued but unpaid interest on such principal, would convert to equity. The number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon conversion of the Notes would be the number of shares of the Company Stock (rounded to the
 nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding (b) divided by either US 25, US 21 or US 20 subject to the respective conditions of the individual Notes; provided, however, in
 the event that the stock price quoted for the Company on NASDAQ or The New York Stock Exchange (as applicable) at the time of the closing of the Qualified SPAC Business Combination (the TMTG Stock Price is less than either 50 per share, 42 per share, 40 per share subject to the respective conditions of the individual Notes, then the Conversion Price would be reset to 50 of the then current TMTG Stock Price subject to a floor of 10 per
 share.

41 

Table

of Contents 

Notes 13 to 18 were Convertible Promissory Notes issued from January 2022 through March 2022. Note 19 was issued on August 23, 2023. Notes 13 to 19 were Convertible Promissory Notes issued with a cumulative face
 value of 17,360.0 (net of repayments), maturity of 18 months and interest will be accrued at a range between 5 and 10 based on the simple interest method (365 days year) for each note. Notes 13 to 19 were convertible simultaneously with the
 completion of a SPAC merger agreement or IPO. All outstanding principal of these Notes, together with all accrued but unpaid interest on such principal, would convert to equity. The number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender
 upon conversion of the Notes would be the number of shares of the Company Stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding (b) divided by either US 25 or
 US 21 subject to the respective conditions of the individual notes.

Notes 20 to 23 were Convertible Promissory Notes issued from November 2023 through March 2024 with a cumulative face value of 7,955.0, maturity of 18 months and interest will be accrued at 10 based on the simple
 interest method (365 days year) for each note. Notes 20 to 23 were convertible with the completion of a SPAC merger agreement IPO. The outstanding principal of the Notes, accrued but unpaid interest on such principal, would convert to equity. The
 number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon conversion of the Notes in the event of a SPAC transaction would be the number of shares of the Company stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the
 principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding (b) divided by US 10. The number of shares of Company stock to be issued to the Lender upon conversion of the Notes in the event of an IPO would be the number of shares of the Company
 stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient of: (a) the principal plus accrued interest on the Notes then outstanding (b) divided by 50 of the IPO price per share.

Several of the Private TMTG Convertible Notes were amended, extended, and/or restated after their initial issuance and prior to their conversion.

Each Private TMTG Convertible Note that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing automatically converted immediately prior to the effective time of the Closing into a number of shares of Private
 TMTG common stock as such Private TMTG Convertible Note would automatically have been converted into upon the Closing, in accordance with the Merger Agreement.

Additionally, pursuant to a note purchase agreement entered into by and between Digital World and certain institutional investors on February 8, 2024 (the Note Purchase Agreements ),

Digital World agreed to issue up to 50,000.0 in convertible promissory notes (the DWAC Convertible Notes ). The DWAC Convertible Notes: (a) accrued interest at an annual rate of 8.00 and are payable on
 the earlier of (i) the date that is 12 months after the date on which the Digital World consummated the Business Combination, which interest is not payable to the extent the holder exercises the conversion right and (ii) the date that the winding
 up of Digital World was effective (such date, the Maturity Date (b) were convertible (i) at any time following the consummation of the Business Combination, but prior to the Maturity Date, redemption or
 otherwise the repayment in full of the DWAC Convertible Notes, at each holder s option, in whole or in part, and subject to the terms and conditions of the DWAC Convertible Notes, including any required shareholders approval upon the
 consummation of the Business Combination and (ii) into that number of shares of common stock of the Company and warrants included in the units, each unit consisting of one share of common stock of the Company and one-half of one warrant of the
 Company (the Conversion Units ), equivalent to (A) the portion of the principal amount of the applicable DWAC Convertible Note (excluding any accrued interest, which shall not be payable with respect to
 the DWAC Convertible Note that was converted) being converted, divided by (B) 8.00 (the Conversion Price (c) could have been redeemed by the Company, in whole or in part, commencing on the date on
 which all common stock of the Company issuable to the holders has been registered with the SEC, by providing a 10-day notice of such redemption (the Redemption Right ), which Redemption Right was
 contingent upon the trading price of the common stock of the Company exceeding 130 of the applicable conversion price on at least 3 trading days, whether consecutive or not, within the 15 consecutive trading days ending on the day immediately
 preceding the day on which a redemption notice is issued by the Company; (d) were initially drawable for 20 of the applicable investor s commitment amount and a final drawdown for the remaining 80 to occur upon the closing of the Business
 Combination, with the proceeds of such final drawdown deposited into a control account as indicated by the Company (the Control Account ). The proceeds from such final drawdown deposited into the Control
 Account remained therein and could not be withdrawn by the Company until such time as (i) the Company exercised the Redemption Rights using the proceeds in the Control Account, (ii) any portion of the applicable DWAC Convertible Note was
 converted, at which time such portion shall be released from the Control Account or (iii) if prior to the conversion, a resale registration statement of the Company covering all common stock issued pursuant to the DWAC Convertible Notes had been
 declared effective by the SEC. The DWAC Convertible Notes were subject to specified events of default and had registration rights pursuant to the registration rights agreement entered into by the Company and the parties thereto as of September 2,
 2021. Following the effectiveness on June 18, 2024, of a resale registration statement covering all common stock issued pursuant to the DWAC Convertible Notes, all such notes were converted on or before June 20, 2024. The proceeds of the final
 drawdown were released from the Control Account on July 1, 2024.

42 

Table

of Contents 

Liquidity and Going Concern

As of September 30, 2024, TMTG held cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of approximately 672,878.2, a 670,305.5 increase from 2,572.7 at December 31, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30,
 2024, the Company raised 734,976.7 of cash proceeds through financing activities including 233,017.5 from the merger with DWAC, 47,455.0 from the issuance of convertible notes, 117,949.8 from the exercise of warrants, and 336,554.4 from the
 issuance of common stock (net of repurchases). The cash flow from finance activities was partially offset by 52,640.0 of cash consumed by operations (including transaction related cash disbursements) and investments of 12,031.2 in acquisitions
 and capital equipment. The resulting positive working capital position (i.e., 682,126.5 of current assets less 14,363.0 of current liabilities) and no debt on the balance sheet support the Company s view that there is not substantial doubt
 regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as of September 30, 2024, and the substantial doubt as of December 31, 2023, has been mitigated. In short, the Company believes it has sufficient working capital to fund operations
 for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of the accompanying financial statements.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of September 30, 2024, TMTG did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
 revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. The term off-balance sheet arrangement generally means any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement
 to which an entity unconsolidated with TMTG is a party, under which it has any obligation arising under a guaranteed contract, derivative instrument or variable interest or a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to such entity or
 similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our
 market risk exposure is primarily interest rates, access to credit and funds to run day-to-day operations, and the result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates if we expand internationally. Failure to mitigate these risks could have
 a negative impact on revenue growth, gross margin, and profitability.

Interest Rate Risk

Our cash and cash equivalents are comprised of demand deposits in bank accounts held at financial institutions. Our investments through a repurchase agreement, which is collateralized by fixed income securities
 of the borrower, are subject to interest rate risks, although due to the 1 to 3 day duration of each repurchase agreement, a change in the interest rate would primarily impact interest earned on future repurchases. If the change in interest rate
 resulted in a material increase to the value of the collateralized security, at the seller s discretion, we may be obligated to pay the seller for such an increase upon their repurchase of the security.

43 

Table

of Contents 

We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure.

Credit Risk

As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, effectively all of our cash and cash equivalents were maintained with a large financial institution. We have reviewed the financial statements of our banking institution and
 believe it currently has sufficient assets and liquidity to conduct its operations in the ordinary course of business with little or no credit risk to us.

As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, two advertising partners combined represented in excess of 90 of accounts receivable.

Emerging Growth Company Status

In April 2012, the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
 standards. Thus, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. TMTG has elected to take advantage of the extended transition period to comply
 with new or revised accounting standards and to adopt certain of the reduced disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies. As a result of the accounting standards election, TMTG will not be subject to the same implementation
 timing for new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies which may make comparison of our financials to those of other public companies more difficult.

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Management Estimates

TMTG prepares its financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements also requires TMTG to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
 revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. TMTG bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the
 estimates made by TMTG s management team. To the extent that there are differences between TMTG s estimates and actual results, its future financial statement presentation, balance sheet, results of operations and cash flows will be affected.
 TMTG believes that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding its historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving our management team s judgments and estimates.
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that TMTG considers the most important to the portrayal of its balance sheet and results of operations because they require its most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a
 result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain.

The preparation of TMTG s financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires it to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in those financial statements and accompanying notes. Although
 TMTG believes that the estimates it uses are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results reported in future periods could differ from those estimates. TMTG s significant accounting policies are
 described in Note 2 to TMTG s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, included in this Quarterly Report. TMTG s critical accounting policies are described below.

Revenue Recognition. TMTG records revenue in accordance with ASC 606. TMTG determines the amount of revenue to be recognized through application of the following steps 
 Identification of the contract, or contracts with a customer; Identification of the performance obligations in the contract; Determination of the transaction price; Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the
 contract; Determining whether TMTG is the principal or the agent in arrangements where another party is involved in providing specified services to a customer; and Recognition of revenue when or as TMTG satisfies the performance obligations.

44 

Table

of Contents 

Private TMTG entered into advertising contractual arrangements with advertising manager service companies. The advertising manager service companies provide advertising services to customers that facilitate the
 placement of ads on the Truth Social platform. TMTG determines the number of Ad Units available on its Truth Social platform. The advertising manager service companies have sole discretion over the terms of the auction and all payments and
 actions associated therewith. Prices for the Ad Units are set by an auction operated and managed by these third-party companies. TMTG has the right to block specific advertisers at its sole reasonable discretion, consistent with applicable laws,
 rules, regulations, statutes, and ordinances. TMTG is an agent in these arrangements, and recognizes revenue for its share in exchange for arranging for the specified advertising to be provided by the advertising manager service companies. The
 advertising revenues are recognized in the period when the advertising services are provided.

TMTG determined that the contractual arrangements with Rumble and TAME, respectively, are agency arrangements as determined by ASC 606-10-55.

Rumble is an advertising manager service involved in providing advertising services through its Ad Manager Service Platform on the Truth Social website to customers. Rumble will make Truth Social Ad Units available
 for purchase by advertisers on the Ad Manager Service. TMTG determines the number of Ad Units available on its Truth Social website. TMTG determined that the nature of its promise is to arrange for advertising services to be provided by Rumble.
 The distinct service is selling advertising space for the placement of advertisements Ads on Truth Social and not combined with any other service as contemplated in paragraph ASC 606-10-55-36.

In evaluating the nature of its promise (as described in paragraph 606-10-55-36), TMTG determined that Rumble has sole discretion over the terms of the auction and all payments and actions associated therewith.
 Prices for the Ad Units will be set by an auction operated and managed by Rumble. Rumble therefore controls (as described in paragraph ASC 606 -10-25-25) each specified Ad unit used by the customer. The services are not combined with any other
 services as contemplated in paragraph ASC 606-10-25-21(a).

ASC 606-10-55-38 is applicable as TMTG is an agent, its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of advertising by Rumble. TMTG does not control the advertising provided by Rumble to satisfy the
 customer s requirements. TMTG therefore recognizes revenue in the amount of its share in exchange for arranging for the specified advertising to be provided by Rumble. The share is reduced by any costs incurred by Rumble. The requirements of ASC
 606-10-55-37 are not applicable as TMTG does not obtain control as outlined in this section. Also refer to the analysis of control indicators in ASC 606-10-55-39. ASC 606-10-55-39 (indicator of control before advertising is sold to customers) is
 not applicable due to: Rumble and not TMTG is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified advertising; the Company has no inventory risk related to advertising used by a customer or TMTG has no discretion in
 establishing the price for the specified advertising. ASC 606-10-55-40 is not applicable as no principal obligations were transferred.

The TAME contractual arrangement is significantly smaller in financial scope than the Rumble arrangement; however, the nature of the promise is similar for both vendors. TAME also has discretion over the terms of
 the auction and all payments and actions associated therewith. ASC 606-10-55-38 is therefore applicable, and the Company recognizes revenue in the amount of its share in exchange for arranging for the specified advertising to be provided by TAME.
 ASC 606-10-55-39 is not applicable for similar reasons as outlined in the preceding paragraph.

Software Development Costs. We expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component products to be sold, leased, or
 marketed to external users, before technological feasibility is reached. Technological feasibility typically is reached shortly before the release of such products. As a result, development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not
 material for the nine months ended September 30, 2024.

Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and cloud-based applications used to deliver our services. We capitalize development costs related to
 these software applications once the preliminary project stage is complete and it is probable that the project will be completed, and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing such software
 applications were not material for the nine months ended September 30, 2024.

45 

Table

of Contents 

Stock Based Compensation . TMTG measures the cost of services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award. The fair value of
 the award is measured on the grant date for equity classified instruments, and liability classified awards are subject to remeasurement in accordance with ASC 718. Awards granted to directors are treated on the same basis as awards granted to
 employees.

Income Taxes . TMTG is subject to income taxes in the United States. Significant judgment is required in determining its provision (benefit) for income taxes and income tax
 assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
 for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
 tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. TMTG recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Income tax amounts are therefore recognized
 for all situations where the likelihood of realization is greater than 50 . Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in income tax expense in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. Accrued interest expense and penalties
 related to uncertain tax positions are recorded in income tax expense.

Convertible Promissory Notes . Private TMTG issued the Private TMTG Convertible Notes, which contained a range of fixed rate conversion features, whereby the outstanding
 principal and accrued interest would be converted into common shares at a fixed discount to the market price of the common stock at the time of conversion. The Private TMTG Convertible Notes represented a financial instrument other than an
 outstanding share that embodies a conditional obligation that Private TMTG must or may have settled by issuing a variable number of its equity shares. The bifurcated embedded features of the convertible promissory notes were initially recorded on
 the balance sheet at their fair value on the date of issuance. After the initial recognition, the fair value of the convertible promissory notes (derivative feature component) may have changed over time due to changes in market conditions. The
 change in fair market value was included in the statement of operations. The liability component of the bifurcated convertible promissory notes (net of any related debt issuance costs) accreted interest using the respective effective interest
 rate method until maturity.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments . TMTG uses a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value:

Level 1. Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2. Significant other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.

Level 3. Significant unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.

The fair value of the repurchase agreement is based on quoted market prices of the counter-party collateral as a Level 1 input.

The derivative liability component of Private TMTG Convertible Notes were classified as Level 3 due to significant unobservable inputs. Historically, the estimated fair value of the conversion feature of the
 derivative liability has been based on traditional valuation methods including Black-Scholes option pricing models and Monte Carlo simulations.

Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires TMTG to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business acquisitions, the assessment of recoverability of our
 goodwill and long-lived assets, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Material estimates include assumptions used in the fair value of equity instruments,
 the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets, the estimates of fair value of derivative liabilities, recoverability of goodwill and intangibles, fair value of short-term investments, useful lives of property and equipment, earn-out shares,
 and stock-based compensation.

46 

Table

of Contents 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2 to TMTG s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Effective May 3, 2024, TMTG dismissed BF Borgers CPA PC BF Borgers as its independent registered public accounting firm. On May 4, 2024, TMTG engaged Semple, Marchal
 Cooper, LLP SMC as BF Borgers replacement. The decision to change independent registered public accounting firms was made with the recommendation and approval of the Audit Committee.

BF Borgers audit reports on TMTG s consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and
 were not qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting principles.

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the subsequent interim period, there were no disagreements, as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K, between TMTG and BF Borgers
 on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to BF Borgers satisfaction, would have caused BF Borgers to make reference to such
 disagreements in its audit reports.

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the subsequent interim period, there were no reportable events within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.

Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk

TMTG s investment portfolio may consist of short-term and long-term interest-bearing obligations, including government and investment-grade debt securities and money market funds. These securities may be classified
 as available-for-sale and, consequently, would be recorded on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net
 of tax. TMTG s investment policy and strategy will be focused on the preservation of capital and supporting its liquidity requirements. TMTG does not intend to enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

Transaction Exposure 

TMTG may transact business in various foreign currencies and have international revenue, as well as costs denominated in foreign currencies. This may expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency
 exchange rates. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, could negatively affect our revenue and other operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars.

Financial Market Risk

The primary objective of any investment activities is to preserve principal, while at the same time maximizing income we receive from investments without significantly increased risk. Some of the securities TMTG
 may invest in may be subject to market risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amount of the investment to fluctuate. For example, if TMTG holds a security that was issued with a fixed interest rate at
 the then-prevailing rate and the prevailing interest rate later rises, the value of its investment will decline. To minimize this risk in the future, TMTG may maintain its portfolio of cash equivalents and investments in a variety of securities,
 including (but not limited to): commercial paper, money market funds, government and non-government debt securities and certificates of deposit.

Item 3. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies.

47 

Table

of Contents 

Item 4. 

Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
 reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, upon the Closing, TMTG s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (the Certifying Officers ), to
 allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Under the supervision and with the participation of TMTG s management, including its Certifying Officers, TMTG carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls
 and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, TMTG s management identified
 a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
 material misstatement of an entity s financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. TMTG s management determined that the material weakness primarily related to its failure to design and maintain formal accounting
 policies, processes, and controls to analyze, account for and properly disclose income recordation as well as a need for additional accounting personnel who have the requisite experience in SEC reporting regulation. TMTG is committed to
 remediating the material weaknesses described above and continuing remediation efforts during 2024. We have implemented several remediation measures including, but not limited to hiring additional accounting staff with the requisite background
 and knowledge, engaging third parties to assist in complying with the accounting and financial reporting requirements related to significant and complex transactions as well as adding personnel to assist with formalizing our business processes,
 accounting policies and internal control documentation, strengthening supervisory reviews by our management, and evaluating the effectiveness of our internal controls in accordance with the framework established by Internal Control - Integrated
 Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. While our efforts are ongoing, we plan to continue to take additional steps to remediate the material weaknesses, improve our financial reporting
 systems, and implement new policies, procedures, and controls; however, we cannot guarantee those measures will prevent or detect material weaknesses in the future.

Although we intend to continue with our remediation efforts mentioned above, and we have designed and documented formal internal controls over financial reporting, all identified material weaknesses continue to
 exist as of the date of this Quarterly Report and we cannot provide any assurance that we, or our independent registered public accounting firm, will not identify new material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting in the
 future. While we are undertaking efforts to remediate these material weaknesses, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until our remediation plan has been fully implemented, the applicable controls operate for a sufficient
 period of time, and we have concluded through testing, that the newly implemented and enhanced controls are designed and operating effectively. We are working to remediate the material weaknesses as efficiently and effectively as possible but
 expect that full remediation could potentially go beyond December 31, 2024. At this time, we cannot provide an estimate of costs expected to be incurred in connection with implementing this remediation plan; however, these remediation measures
 will be time consuming, incur significant costs, and place significant demands on our financial and operational resources.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

48 

Table

of Contents 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1. 

Legal Proceedings.

See NOTE 15 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors.

Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024, as amended
 by Amendment Number 1 to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 3, 2024 (the Annual Report ). Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or
 financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. Other than as disclosed below, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have
 been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report filed with the SEC.

Risks Related to TMTG s Business

In connection with the preparation of its financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, Private TMTG identified material weaknesses in its internal
 control over financial reporting, and TMTG may identify additional material weaknesses in its previously issued financial statements that, in the future, may cause TMTG to fail to meet its reporting obligations or result in material misstatements
 of its financial statements.

As a privately-held company, Private TMTG was not required to evaluate its internal control over financial reporting in a manner that meets the standards of publicly traded companies required by Section 404(a) of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a public company, TMTG will be required to provide management s attestation on internal control over financial reporting. If TMTG is unable to establish or maintain appropriate internal control over financial reporting
 or implement these additional requirements in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, it could result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements, failure to meet our reporting obligations on a timely basis, increases
 in compliance costs, and subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, all of which may adversely affect investor confidence in TMTG and the value of our common stock.

Private TMTG historically had limited accounting and financial reporting personnel and other resources with which to address its internal controls and procedures. In connection with the preparation of its financial
 statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, Private TMTG s management identified a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of
 deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of an entity s financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material
 weaknesses were identified:

TMTG did not maintain a sufficient complement of personnel with accounting knowledge, experience and training to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters to provide reasonable assurance of preventing material
 misstatements; and

TMTG did not perform risk assessment procedures on internal controls to detect financial reporting risks in a timely manner, and also lacked documentation on policies and procedures that are critical to the accomplishment of financial
 reporting objectives.

TMTG is committed to remediating the material weaknesses described above and continuing remediation efforts during 2024. TMTG is implementing several remediation measures including, but not limited to hiring
 additional accounting staff with the requisite background and knowledge, engaging third parties to assist in complying with the accounting and financial reporting requirements related to significant and complex transactions as well as adding
 personnel to assist TMTG with formalizing its business processes, accounting policies and internal control documentation, strengthening supervisory reviews by our Management Team, and evaluating the effectiveness of its internal controls in
 accordance with the framework established by Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. While TMTG s efforts are
 ongoing, TMTG plans to continue to take additional steps to remediate the material weaknesses, improve its financial reporting systems, and implement new policies, procedures, and controls; however, TMTG cannot guarantee those measures will
 prevent or detect material weaknesses in the future.

49 

Table

of Contents 

Although TMTG intends to continue with its remediation efforts mentioned above, all identified material weaknesses continue to exist as of the date of this prospectus and we cannot provide any assurance that TMTG,
 or its independent registered accounting firm, will not identify new material weaknesses in TMTG s internal controls over financial reporting in the future. While we are undertaking efforts to remediate these material weaknesses, the material
 weaknesses will not be considered remediated until our remediation plan has been fully implemented, the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and we have concluded through testing, that the newly implemented and enhanced
 controls are designed and operating effectively. We are working to remediate the material weaknesses as efficiently and effectively as possible but expect that full remediation could potentially go beyond December 31, 2024. At this time, we
 cannot provide an estimate of costs expected to be incurred in connection with implementing this remediation plan; however, these remediation measures will be time consuming, incur significant costs, and place significant demands on our financial
 and operational resources.

If TMTG identifies any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit its ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of its accounts or disclosures that could result
 in a material misstatement of its annual or interim financial statements. In addition, to the extent there are future disagreements with or required changes to TMTG s auditors, TMTG s ability to prepare and timely comply with its reporting
 obligations may be significantly impaired. In any of these occurrences were to materialize, TMTG may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements and applicable stock exchange listing requirements regarding timely filing of
 periodic reports, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the price of our securities may decline as a result. TMTG cannot assure you that any measures it has taken or may take in the future will be sufficient to remediate
 the existing material weaknesses, avoid potential future material weaknesses or disagreements with its auditors.

If TMTG encounters issues with the rollout and implementation of its streaming content plans, TMTG may delay or decide not to fully implement the service, which may affect
 TMTG s growth strategy and operation.

TMTG plans to roll out its streaming content in three phases: Phase 1: Introduce Truth Social s content CDN for streaming live TV to the Truth Social app for Android, iOS, and Web. Phase 2: Release stand-alone
 Truth Social over-the-top streaming apps for phones, tablets, and other devices. Phase 3: Release Truth Social streaming apps for home TV. As part of the roll out of its own CDN, TMTG expects to obtain data center services and purchase e-servers
 and related equipment for the project. On July 3, 2024, TMTG; WCT; Solutions; and JedTec entered into the Asset Acquisition Agreement, as well as ancillary agreements, relating to streaming technology. The transaction closed on August 9, 2024. 
 See Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recent Developments WCT Asset Acquisition. 

TMTG expects to fully launch Phase 1 by the end of 2024. On August 7, 2024, TMTG announced that TV streaming had become available via all three modalities. TMTG is developing Beta versions of Phases 2 and 3 to
 follow shortly after the launch of the beta version of Phase 1. As of October 21, 2024, TMTG had announced that Truth+ streaming had been released as a standalone product on Android, iOS, and Web. As of October 23, 2024, TMTG had announced that
 Truth+ streaming had been released on Apple TV, Android TV, and Amazon Fire TV. TMTG anticipates starting to generate revenue from this technology during 2025, contingent upon the successful implementation of all three phases.

The foregoing timeline and revenue generation expectations are preliminary and depend on several factors, including TMTG s ability to economically launch its CDN technology. This may depend on TMTG s ability to
 develop, negotiate improved licensing terms for, or acquire CDN technology, integrate such technology, successfully complete beta testing, and list the relevant apps on leading app stores. Any delays or challenges in these areas could materially
 affect the timeline and/or implementation of the CDN technology. If TMTG is unable to address these challenges effectively, it could result in significant delays, increased costs, and the inability to meet revenue timeline expectations. Any of
 these risks may lead to TMTG deciding to cease the implementation of the rollout of TMTG s streaming content and CDN technology altogether, which would have a material adverse effect on TMTG s growth strategy and may result in a material adverse
 effect on the results and operations of TMTG.

50 

Table

of Contents 

Risks Related to President Donald J. Trump

President Donald J. Trump is the subject of numerous legal proceedings, the scope and scale of which are unprecedented for a former President of the United States and current
 candidate for that office. An adverse outcome in one or more of the ongoing legal proceedings in which President Donald J. Trump is involved could negatively impact TMTG and its Truth Social platform.

On September 21, 2022, the Attorney General of the State of New York who pledged to pursue President Donald J. Trump even before taking office launched a civil suit against President Donald J. Trump and affiliated
 individuals and entities. Included among these affiliated entities was The Trump Organization. Donald J. Trump, Jr., who is a TMTG director, is the Executive Vice President of The Trump Organization.

The suit alleged business fraud relating to misrepresentations in the preparation of President Donald J. Trump s annual statements of financial condition in the years 2011 through 2021. President Donald J. Trump
 had previously been held in civil contempt in April 2022 for failing to comply with a subpoena for documents during the course of the New York Attorney General s investigation related to these charges. In June 2023, a New York appeals court
 narrowed the fraud case, the trial for which commenced in October 2023 and closing oral arguments were concluded on January 11, 2024. New York Supreme Court Justice Arthur Engoron, in a Decision and Order dated February 16, 2024, held President
 Donald J. Trump and defendants liable under the following five causes of action. Specifically, (i) for repeatedly and persistently falsifying business records, thus violating Executive Law 63(12) and New York Penal Law 175.05; (ii) for
 conspiracy to falsify business records; (iii) for repeatedly and persistently issuing false financial statements, thus violating Executive Law 63(12) and New York Penal Law 175.45; (iv) for repeatedly and persistently committing insurance fraud
 in violation of Executive Law 63(12) and New York Penal Law 176.05; and (v) for conspiracy to commit insurance fraud. The court ordered President Donald J. Trump and defendants to pay approximately 354,868,768 in aggregate disgorgement of
 ill-gotten gains, including 168,040,168 with pre-judgment interest from March 4, 2019; 126,828,600, with pre-judgment interest from May 11, 2022, and 60,000,000, with pre-judgment interest from June 26, 2023. The trial court enjoined President
 Donald J. Trump, among others, from serving as an officer or director of any New York corporation or other legal entity in New York for a period of three years, and from applying for loans from any financial institution chartered by or registered
 with the New York Department of Financial Services for a period of three years. However, the foregoing injunctions were subsequently stayed pending appeal, and a five-judge panel of the Appellate Division, First Judicial Department heard oral
 arguments on September 26, 2024.

In its February 16, 2024 ruling, the court ordered Judge Barbara Jones (ret.) to continue in her role as an Independent Monitor, tasked with overseeing the Trump Organization s financial disclosures to any third
 parties and any transfer or other dissipation of assets, for a period of no less than three years following the ruling. In addition to the continued monitorship, the court also ordered that an Independent Director of Compliance be installed at
 the Trump Organization, who will be responsible for ensuring good financial and accounting practices, will establish internal written protocols for financial reporting, and will also approve any financial disclosures to third parties in advance
 of submission.

On March 30, 2023, the Manhattan District Attorney indicted President Donald J. Trump on 34 counts of falsifying business records in the first degree under the New York State Penal Law, in connection with a
 so-called hush money payment made before the 2016 presidential election. On May 30, 2024, President Trump was found guilty on all 34 counts. President Trump subsequently filed a motion to set aside the jury verdict and dismiss the indictment
 following the U.S. Supreme Court s decision regarding presidential immunity (described below). The decision on the motion is scheduled to be handed down on November 12, 2024, with sentencing, if necessary, to follow on November 26, 2024.

51 

Table

of Contents 

On May 9, 2023, a jury found President Donald J. Trump liable for both battery and defamation against E. Jean Carroll, and Ms. Carroll was awarded 5 million in total damages for both claims (the latter of which
 arose from a 2022 post by President Donald J. Trump on Truth Social). The jury also determined that Ms. Carroll did not prove, by a preponderance of the evidence, that President Donald J. Trump raped her. On July 19, 2023, a federal district
 court judge denied President Donald J. Trump s request for a new trial and/or reduction in damages. President Donald J. Trump appealed, and a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit heard oral arguments on September 6, 2024. On
 January 26, 2024, following a second civil trial in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, Ms. Carroll was awarded an additional 83.3 million in connection with statements made by President Donald J. Trump in 2019. On
 February 7, 2024, the judge denied President Donald J. Trump s motion for a mistrial. An appeal is pending. President Donald J. Trump s countersuit against Ms. Carroll for defamation was dismissed on August 7, 2023.

On June 8, 2023, President Donald J. Trump was indicted by a special counsel appointed by the U.S. Attorney General on 37 federal charges, including willful retention of national defense information related to
 documents seized during an FBI raid at Mar-a-Lago in August 2022. On July 15, 2024, a judge in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida dismissed the superseding indictment based on a finding that the special counsel s
 appointment violated the Appointments Clause of the U.S. Constitution. The court also found the special counsel s use of a permanent indefinite appropriation violated the Appropriations Clause. On July 15, 2024, the special counsel filed a notice
 of appeal of the district court s dismissal.

On August 1, 2023, President Donald J. Trump was indicted by the special counsel on four (4) additional federal charges conspiracy to violate rights, conspiracy to defraud the government, and one count each of
 obstructing an official proceeding and conspiring to do so in connection with the 2020 election and events related to the certification thereof on January 6, 2021. President Donald J. Trump pleaded not guilty, and moved to dismiss the indictment
 based on presidential immunity. On July 1, 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court held that the President is entitled to absolute immunity from criminal prosecution for acts within his conclusive and preclusive constitutional authority, and at least
 presumptive immunity from prosecution for all his official acts. The U.S. Supreme Court determined that President Trump was absolute immune from prosecution for certain conduct alleged in the indictment, but remanded the case to the U.S. District
 Court for the District of Columbia for further proceedings consistent with its opinion. On August 27, 2024, the special counsel filed a superseding indictment.

On August 14, 2023, President Donald J. Trump and 18 co-defendants were indicted on state racketeering charges brought by the district attorney in Fulton County, Georgia in connection with the aftermath of the 2020
 election. In September and October 2023, four of President Donald J. Trump s co-defendants pleaded guilty. President Donald J. Trump pleaded not guilty. In November 2023, the prosecutor requested an August 5, 2024 trial date. On January 25, 2024,
 President Donald J. Trump filed a motion to join a co-defendant s motion to dismiss the grand jury indictment and disqualify the district attorney. On March 13, 2024, the judge dismissed three counts against President Trump. On March 15, 2024,
 the judge declined to disqualify the district attorney, provided that a special prosecutor with whom she had a romantic relationship left the case. President Donald J. Trump and several of his co-defendants have filed an appeal and are continuing
 to seek the district attorney s disqualification. The Georgia Court of Appeals has scheduled oral argument of the appeal for December 5, 2024, and no trial date for President Donald J. Trump has been set.

The foregoing does not purport to be an exhaustive list of legal proceedings in which President Donald J. Trump is or has been involved. In June 2016, USA Today published an analysis of litigation involving
 President Donald J. Trump, which found that over the previous three decades President Donald J. Trump and his businesses had been involved in at least 3,500 legal cases in U.S. federal and state courts. Of the approximately 3,500 suits, President
 Donald J. Trump or one of his companies were plaintiffs in 1,900; defendants in 1,450; and bankruptcy, third party, or other in 150. President Donald J. Trump was named personally in at least 169 suits in federal court. Over 150 other cases were
 in the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit Court of Florida (covering Broward County, Florida) since 1983. In the 1,300 cases where the record establishes the outcome, President Donald J. Trump settled 175 times, lost 38, won 450, and had another 137
 cases end with some other outcome. In the other 500 cases, judges dismissed plaintiffs claims against President Donald J. Trump. However, you should not rely on or infer any trends based on the disposition of such prior cases against President
 Donald J. Trump as no assurance can be given regarding the results of the pending legal proceedings.

52 

Table

of Contents 

Although TMTG is not a party to any of the above-referenced matters, TMTG cannot predict what effect, if any, an adverse outcome to such matters, or even their continued existence, may have on President Donald J.
 Trump s personal reputation and TMTG s business or prospects.

The terms of a license agreement with President Donald J. Trump are not terminable by TMTG when it may be desirable to TMTG. In addition, the license agreement does not
 require President Donald J. Trump to use Truth Social in certain circumstances, including with respect to posts that he determines, in his sole discretion, to be politically-related. If TMTG disagrees with President Donald J. Trump about the
 scope of his obligation to use, or first post on, Truth Social, TMTG lacks any meaningful remedy with respect to such disagreement which could have a material adverse effect on the business and/or operations of TMTG.

The operative version of a License, Likeness, Exclusivity and Restrictive Covenant Agreement that Private TMTG entered into with President Donald J. Trump (the License Agreement 

allows TMTG to use Trump Media Technology Group Corp. as its name and to use the name and likeness of President Donald J. Trump, subject to certain limitations. The License Agreement includes a provision that obligates President Donald
 J. Trump to make any non-political social media post from any of his personal (i.e., non-business) accounts on Truth Social and to refrain from making the same post on another social media site for 6 hours (the Exclusivity

Obligation ). Thereafter, he is free to post on any site to which he has access. Thus, TMTG has limited time to benefit from his posts and followers may not find it compelling to use Truth Social to read his posts that quickly.

In addition, he may make any post that he deems, in his sole discretion, to be politically-related Political Related Posts on any social media site at any time,
 regardless of whether that post originates from a personal account. Most or all of President Donald J. Trump s social media posts as a candidate for president may be deemed by him to be politically related. For example, certain video posts
 initially made by his campaign to other social media platforms in June 2024 were not posted in exactly the same form on Truth Social. Consequently, TMTG may lack any meaningful remedy if President Donald J. Trump minimizes his future use of Truth
 Social and/or broadly construes the definition of Political Related Posts.

President Donald J. Trump may terminate the Exclusivity Obligation upon thirty days prior written notice provided at any time on or after February 2, 2025. From and after termination of the Exclusivity Obligation,
 President Donald J. Trump must make reasonable, good faith efforts to contemporaneously post on Truth Social any non-political posts that he makes from a personal account to another social media platform. However, that obligation is also subject
 to the exception for Political Related Posts.

Under the License Agreement with President Donald J. Trump, neither the personal nor political conduct of President Donald J. Trump, even if such conduct could negatively reflect on TMTG s reputation or brand or be
 considered offensive, dishonest, illegal, immoral, or unethical, or otherwise harmful to TMTG s brand or reputation, will be considered a breach of the license agreement. TMTG expressly acknowledges the controversial nature of being associated
 with President Donald J. Trump and the possibility of any associated controversies affecting TMTG adversely.

TMTG Sub may not terminate the License Agreement based on the personal or political conduct of President Donald J. Trump, even if such conduct could negatively reflect on TMTG s reputation or brand or be considered
 offensive, dishonest, illegal, immoral, or unethical, or otherwise harmful to TMTG s brand or reputation. Further, TMTG Sub may be obligated to indemnify President Donald J. Trump for losses of any type that relate in any way to the License
 Agreement, including any such losses attributable to President Donald J. Trump s own offensive, dishonest, illegal, immoral, unethical or otherwise harmful conduct.

53 

Table

of Contents 

Item 2. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.

(a) During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, Yorkville purchased 17,330,365 shares of Common Stock for prices between 14.31 and 36.13 per share, pursuant to the terms of the SEPA.
 Proceeds of these equity sales under the terms of the SEPA were approximately 339,463.1. Such issuances were in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The proceeds from such sales were used for working
 capital and general corporate purposes.

(b) Not applicable.

(c) None.

Item 3. 

Defaults Upon Senior Securities.

None.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not Applicable.

Item 5. 

Other Information.

(a) None.

(b) None.

(c) , ,
 our , 
 a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule (c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended. Mr. Juhan s trading plan provides for the sale of an aggregate of shares of our common stock between November 2024
 and December 2005 . 

Item 6. 

Exhibits

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.

54 

Table

of Contents 

No.

Description of Exhibit

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 20, 2021, as amended on May 11, 2022, August 8, 2023, and September 29, 2023 by and among Digital World Acquisition Corp., DWAC Merger Sub Inc. and Trump
 Media Technology Group Corp. (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the proxy statement/prospectus which is part of Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed by Digital World Acquisition Corp. on February
 14, 2024).

3.1 

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Trump Media Technology Group Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by Trump Media 
 Technology Group Corp. on April 1, 2024).

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Trump Media Technology Group Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed by
 Digital World Acquisition Corp. on March 5, 2024).

10.1 + 

Asset Acquisition Agreement, dated July 3, 2024, by and among the Company, WorldConnect Technologies, L.L.C., WorldConnect IPTV Solutions, LLC and JedTec, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by Trump Media Technology Group Corp. on July 3, 2024).

10.2 + 

Amended and Restated Option Agreement, dated July 3, 2024, by and between WorldConnect Technologies, L.L.C., Perception Group, Inc., Perception TVCDN Ltd., and FORA, FOrum RA unalni tva, d.o.o.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by Trump Media Technology Group Corp. on July 3, 2024).

10.3 

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated July 3, 2024, by and between the Company and YA II PN, LTD. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by Trump Media 
 Technology Group Corp. on July 3, 2024).

10.4+ 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and among the Company, WorldConnect IPTV Solutions, LLC and JedTec, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by
 Trump Media Technology Group Corp. on July 3, 2024).

10.5+ 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 9, 2024, by and among the Company, WorldConnect IPTV Solutions, LLC and JedTec, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed by Trump Media Technology Group Corp. on August 9, 2024).

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File.

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC
 upon its request.

+ Certain identified information has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because such information is both (i) not material and (ii)
 information that the Company treats as private or confidential. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of the unredacted exhibit upon request by the SEC. 

55 

Table

of Contents 

SIGNATURES

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

TRUMP MEDIA TECHNOLOGY GROUP CORP.

Date: November 5, 2024

By:

/s/ Devin Nunes

Name:

Devin Nunes

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Date: November 5, 2024

By:

/s/ Phillip Juhan

Name:

Phillip Juhan

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ef20034529_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF THE

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a)

 UNDER THE

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Devin Nunes, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Trump Media Technology Group Corp.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
 the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: November 5, 2024

By:

/s/ Devin Nunes

Devin Nunes

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ef20034529_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF THE

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a)

 UNDER THE

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Philip Juhan, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Trump Media Technology Group Corp.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
 the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: November 5, 2024

By:

/s/ Phillip Juhan

Phillip Juhan

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ef20034529_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION OF THE

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Trump Media Technology Group Corp. (the Company for the quarter ended
 September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Devin Nunes, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the
 period covered by the Report.

Date: November 5, 2024

By:

/s/ Devin Nunes

Devin Nunes

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ef20034529_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Trump Media Technology Group Corp. (the Company for the quarter ended
 September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Philip Juhan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

2. 
 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
 as of and for the period covered by the report.

Date: November 5, 2024

By:

/s/ Phillip Juhan

Phillip Juhan

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 djt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 djt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 djt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 djt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 djt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

