<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_82811_0000082811-24-000210.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11531960</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122157</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1707455</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4840811</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2371262</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2205832</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000082811-24-000210.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105141132
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000082811-24-000210
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REGAL REXNORD CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000082811
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT, NEC [3569]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				390875718
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07283
		FILM NUMBER:		241426907

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 WEST MICHIGAN STREET
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53203-2903
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6083648800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 WEST MICHIGAN STREET
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53203-2903

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REGAL BELOIT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BELOIT TOOL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730522

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RECORD A PUNCH CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19690320

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000082811-24-000210.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 rbc-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rbc-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 for the quarterly period ended or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 
 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Accelerated Filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 On October 31, 2024 the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share. 

REGAL REXNORD CORPORATION 
 INDEX 
 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 1. Basis of Presentation 
 12 
 2. Other Financial Information 
 13 
 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 14 
 4. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 20 
 5. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 21 
 6. Segment Information 
 22 
 7. Debt and Bank Credit Facilities 
 26 
 8. Retirement Plans 
 28 
 9. Shareholders' Equity 
 28 
 10. Income Taxes 
 29 
 11. Earnings Per Share 
 30 
 12. Contingencies 
 30 
 13. Derivative Financial Instruments 
 32 
 14. Fair Value 
 36 
 15. Restructuring Activities 
 37 
 Item 2 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 49 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 49 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 50 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 50 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 51 
 Signatures 
 52 

2 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 
 All statements in this report, other than those relating to historical facts, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified their use of terms such as anticipate, believe, confident, estimate, expect, intend, plan, may, will, would, project, forecast, could, should, and similar expressions including references to assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about expected market or macroeconomic trends, future strategic plans and future financial and operating results. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those presented or implied in the forward-looking statements in this report include, without limitation: 
 
 the possibility that the Company may be unable to achieve expected benefits, synergies and operating efficiencies in connection with the sale of the Industrial Motors and Generators businesses, the acquisition of Altra Industrial Motion Corp. (the "Altra Transaction"), and the merger with the Rexnord Process Motion Control business (the Rexnord PMC business within the expected time-frames or at all and to successfully integrate Altra Industrial Motion Corp. Altra and the Rexnord PMC business; 
 the Company s substantial indebtedness as a result of the Altra Transaction and the effects of such indebtedness on the Company s financial flexibility; 
 the Company s ability to achieve its objectives on reducing its indebtedness on the desired timeline; 
 dependence on key suppliers and the potential effects of supply disruptions; 
 fluctuations in commodity prices and raw material costs; 
 any unforeseen changes to or the effects on liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenue, expenses, synergies, indebtedness, financial condition, losses and future prospects; 
 unanticipated operating costs, customer loss and business disruption; 
 the Company's ability to retain key executives and employees; 
 uncertainties regarding our ability to execute restructuring plans within expected costs and timing; 
 challenges to the tax treatment that was elected with respect to the merger with the Rexnord PMC business and related transactions; 
 actions taken by competitors and their ability to effectively compete in the increasingly competitive global electric motor, drives and controls, power generation and power transmission industries; 
 our ability to develop new products based on technological innovation, such as the Internet of Things and artificial intelligence, and marketplace acceptance of new and existing products; 
 dependence on significant customers and distributors; 
 risks associated with climate change and uncertainty regarding our ability to deliver on our sustainability commitments and/or to meet related investor, customer and other third party expectations relating to our sustainability efforts; 
 risks associated with global manufacturing, including risks associated with public health crises and political, societal or economic instability, including instability caused by ongoing geopolitical conflicts; 
 issues and costs arising from the integration of acquired companies and businesses; 
 prolonged declines in one or more markets; 
 risks associated with excess or obsolete inventory charges, including related write-offs or write-downs; 
 economic changes in global markets, such as reduced demand for products, currency exchange rates, inflation rates, interest rates, recession, government policies, including policy changes affecting taxation, trade, tariffs, immigration, customs, border actions and the like, and other external factors that the Company cannot control; 
 product liability, asbestos and other litigation, or claims by end users, government agencies or others that products or customers' applications failed to perform as anticipated; 
 unanticipated liabilities of acquired businesses; 
 unanticipated adverse effects or liabilities from business exits or divestitures; 
 the Company's ability to identify and execute on future mergers and acquisitions ("M A") opportunities, including significant M A transactions; 

3 

the impact of any such M A transactions on the Company's results, operations and financial condition, including the impact from costs to execute and finance any such transactions; 
 unanticipated costs or expenses that may be incurred related to product warranty issues; 
 infringement of intellectual property by third parties, challenges to intellectual property, and claims of infringement on third party technologies; 
 effects on earnings of any significant impairment of goodwill; 
 losses from failures, breaches, attacks or disclosures involving information technology infrastructure and data; 
 costs and unanticipated liabilities arising from rapidly evolving laws and regulations; 
 
 and other factors that can be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including our most recent periodic reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, which are available on our Investor Relations website. Forward-looking statements are given only as of the date of this report and we disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

4 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

REGAL REXNORD CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Data) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Sales Cost of Sales Gross Profit Operating Expenses Goodwill Impairment Asset Impairments Loss on Sale of Businesses Total Operating Expenses Income (Loss) from Operations ) Interest Expense Interest Income ) ) ) ) Other (Income) Expense, Net ) ) ) Income (Loss) before Taxes ) ) Provision for Income Taxes Net Income (Loss) ) ) Less: Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Regal Rexnord Corporation ) ) Earnings (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Regal Rexnord Corporation: Basic ) ) Assuming Dilution ) ) Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding: Basic Assuming Dilution 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

5 

REGAL REXNORD CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Income (Loss) ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net of Tax: Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments ) ) ) Reclassification of Foreign Currency Translation Losses to Earnings (see Note 3 - Acquisitions and Divestitures) Hedging Activities: (Decrease) Increase in Fair Value of Hedging Activities, Net of Tax Effects of ) million and ) million for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and ) million and million for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, Respectively 
 ) ) ) Reclassification of Gains included in Net Income (Loss), Net of Tax Effects of ) million and ) million for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and ) million and ) million for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, Respectively 
 ) ) ) ) Pension and Post Retirement Plans: Increase in Prior Service Cost and Unrecognized Loss, Net of Tax Effects of and ) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 ) Reclassification Adjustments for Pension and Post Retirement Benefits included in Net Income (Loss), Net of Tax Effects of and ) million for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and and ) million for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, Respectively 
 ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Regal Rexnord Corporation ) ) 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

6 

REGAL REXNORD CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Data) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and Cash Equivalents Trade Receivables, Less Allowances of million and million in 2024 and 2023, Respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets Assets Held for Sale Total Current Assets Net Property, Plant and Equipment Operating Lease Assets Goodwill Intangible Assets, Net of Amortization Deferred Income Tax Benefits Other Noncurrent Assets Noncurrent Assets Held for Sale Total Assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts Payable Dividends Payable Accrued Compensation and Employee Benefits Accrued Interest Other Accrued Expenses Current Operating Lease Liabilities Current Maturities of Long-Term Debt Liabilities Held for Sale Total Current Liabilities Long-Term Debt Deferred Income Taxes Pension and Other Post Retirement Benefits Noncurrent Operating Lease Liabilities Other Noncurrent Liabilities Noncurrent Liabilities Held for Sale Equity: Regal Rexnord Corporation Shareholders' Equity: Common Stock, par value, million Shares Authorized, million and million Shares Issued and Outstanding for 2024 and 2023, Respectively 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) Total Regal Rexnord Corporation Shareholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

7 

REGAL REXNORD CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Data) 
 
 Three Months Ended Common Stock Par Value 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity June 30, 2024 ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Income Dividends Declared Per Share) 
 ) ) Stock Options Exercised ) ) Repurchase of Common Stock ) ) ) Share-Based Compensation September 30, 2024 ) June 30, 2023 ) Net (Loss) Income ) ) Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) Dividends Declared Per Share) 
 ) ) Stock Options Exercised ) ) Share-Based Compensation September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

8 

REGAL REXNORD CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Data) 
 
 Nine Months Ended Common Stock Par Value 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity December 31, 2023 ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) Dividends Declared Per Share) 
 ) ) Stock Options Exercised ) ) Repurchase of Common Stock ) ) ) Businesses Divested ) Share-Based Compensation September 30, 2024 ) December 31, 2022 ) Net (Loss) Income ) ) Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) Dividends Declared Per Share) 
 ) ) Stock Options Exercised ) ) Replacement Equity-Based Awards Granted Share-Based Compensation Dividends Declared to Noncontrolling Interests ) ) September 30, 2023 ) 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

9 

REGAL REXNORD CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in Millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net Income (Loss) ) Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities (Net of Acquisitions and Divestitures): Depreciation Amortization Goodwill Impairment Asset Impairments Loss on Assets Held for Sale Noncash Lease Expense Share-Based Compensation Expense Financing Fee Expense Benefit from Deferred Income Taxes ) ) Other Non-Cash Changes Change in Operating Assets and Liabilities, Net of Acquisitions and Divestitures Receivables Inventories ) Accounts Payable ) Other Assets and Liabilities ) ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Additions to Property, Plant and Equipment ) ) Business Acquisitions, Net of Cash Acquired ) Proceeds Received from Sales of Property, Plant and Equipment Proceeds Received from Sale of Businesses, Net of Cash Transferred Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Borrowings Under Revolving Credit Facility Repayments Under Revolving Credit Facility ) ) Proceeds from Short-Term Borrowings Repayments of Short-Term Borrowings ) Proceeds from Long-Term Borrowings Repayments of Long-Term Borrowings ) ) Dividends Paid to Shareholders ) ) Shares Surrendered for Taxes ) ) Proceeds from the Exercise of Stock Options Financing Fees Paid ) Repurchase of Common Stock ) Distributions to Noncontrolling Interests ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided By Financing Activities ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 

10 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash Paid For: Interest Income taxes Cash and Cash Equivalents Presentation: Cash and Cash Equivalents Assets Held for Sale Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

11 

REGAL REXNORD CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Data, Unless Otherwise Noted) 

1. 

The sale of the industrial motors and generators businesses, which closed on April 30, 2024 as further described in Note 3 Held for Sale, Acquisitions and Divestitures, does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company's operations and financial results and, therefore, did not qualify for presentation as discontinued operations. The assets and liabilities related to these businesses were presented as Assets Held for Sale, Noncurrent Assets Held for Sale, Liabilities Held for Sale and Noncurrent Liabilities Held for Sale on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2023. Results for the industrial motors and generators businesses are included in Regal Rexnord's results and related disclosures through the close of sale on April 30, 2024. 

12 

2. 
 Asia Europe Rest-of-World Total September 30, 2023 Industrial Powertrain Solutions Power Efficiency Solutions Automation Motion Control Industrial Systems Total North America Asia Europe Rest-of-World Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Industrial Powertrain Solutions Power Efficiency Solutions Automation Motion Control Industrial Systems Total North America Asia Europe Rest-of-World Total September 30, 2023 Industrial Powertrain Solutions Power Efficiency Solutions Automation Motion Control Industrial Systems Total North America Asia Europe Rest-of-World Total 
 Trade Receivables 
 The Company's policy for estimating the allowance for credit losses on trade receivables considers several factors including historical write-off experience, overall customer credit quality in relation to general economic and market conditions, and specific customer account analyses. The specific customer account analysis considers such items as credit worthiness, payment 

13 

Finished Goods and Purchased Parts 
 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. All inventory is valued using the FIFO cost method. 
 Property, Plant, and Equipment 
 Buildings and Improvements - 
 Machinery and Equipment - 
 Property, Plant and Equipment Less: Accumulated Depreciation ) ) Net Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million of right-of-use assets were included in Net Property, Plant and Equipment, respectively. 
 
 Supplier Finance Program 
 The Company's supplier finance program with Bank of America ("the Bank") offers the Company's designated suppliers the option to receive payments of outstanding invoices in advance of the invoice maturity dates at a discount. The Company's payment obligation to the Bank remains subject to the respective supplier's invoice maturity date. The Bank acts as a payment agent, making payments on invoices the Company confirms are valid. The supplier finance program is offered for open account transactions only and may be terminated by either the Company or the Bank upon days' notice. The Company has not pledged any assets under this program. The Company has not incurred any subscription, service or other fees related to the Company's supplier finance program. The Company's outstanding obligations under the supplier finance program, which are classified within Accounts Payable or Liabilities Held for Sale, were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 3. 
 
 million. The total consideration remains subject to taxes, transaction expenses, working capital adjustments and customary post-closing adjustments. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a Loss on Sale of Businesses of and million, respectively. The Company recognized a cumulative loss of million on the sale of the industrial motors and generators businesses, which was primarily related to foreign currency translation losses that were reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings at the closing of the transaction. 

14 

Cash transferred to buyer Estimated working capital and other adjustments ) Total purchase price Direct costs to sell ) Fair value of sale consideration, net (1) 
 
 (1) The fair value of sale consideration, net includes an immaterial post-close adjustment to the purchase price for which cash has not yet been received. 
 
 The following table summarizes the carrying value of the disposal group and resulting loss on sale: 
 April 30, 2024 Net assets sold Noncontrolling Interest ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Payables to seller ) Carrying value of disposal group Loss on Sale of Businesses ) 
 
 The assets and liabilities related to these businesses were included in Assets Held for Sale, Noncurrent Assets Held for Sale, Liabilities Held for Sale and Noncurrent Liabilities Held for Sale as of December 31, 2023, as shown in the table below: 

15 

Trade Receivables, Less Allowances Inventories Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets Total Current Assets Held for Sale Net Property, Plant and Equipment Operating Lease Assets Goodwill Intangible Assets, Net of Amortization Deferred Income Tax Benefits Other Noncurrent Assets Loss on Assets Held for Sale ) Total Noncurrent Assets Held for Sale Liabilities Held for Sale Accounts Payable Accrued Compensation and Employee Benefits Other Accrued Expenses Current Operating Lease Liabilities Total Current Liabilities Held for Sale Pension and Other Post Retirement Benefits Noncurrent Operating Lease Liabilities Other Noncurrent Liabilities Total Noncurrent Liabilities Held for Sale 
 
 In addition to the assets and liabilities of the industrial motors and generators businesses, there are other assets recorded in Assets Held for Sale on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2023, which are not material. 

16 

in cash, without interest (the Altra Merger Consideration ). In addition, all Altra equity awards outstanding immediately prior to the Altra Merger were converted into an award of cash or an award of restricted stock equal to the equivalent value of the original equity award with similar terms and conditions based on the Altra Merger Consideration. 
 
 The Company's management determined that the Company is the accounting acquirer in the Altra Transaction based on the facts and circumstances noted within this section and other relevant factors. As such, the Company applied the acquisition method of accounting to the identifiable assets and liabilities of Altra, which have been measured at estimated fair value as of the date of the business combination. 
 
 billion, which consisted of the following: 
 
 Cash paid for outstanding Altra Common Stock (1) 
 Stock based compensation (2) 
 Payment of Altra debt (3) 
 Pre-existing relationships (4) 
 ) Purchase price 
 
 (1) Cash paid for the common stock component of the purchase price was based on million shares of outstanding Altra Common Stock as of March 27, 2023 at per share, in accordance with the Altra Merger Agreement. 
 (2) Represents fair value of replacement equity-based awards and Company common stock issued in settlement of other Altra share based awards. The portion of the fair value attributable to pre-acquisition service was recorded as part of the consideration transferred in the Altra Transaction of which million was paid in cash during the second quarter of 2023. 
 (3) Cash paid by the Company to settle (a) the term loan facility, (b) the revolving credit facility and (c) of the senior notes due 2026 of Stevens Holding Company, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Altra (the "Altra Notes"). million of the Altra Notes remained outstanding following the closing of the Altra Transaction. See Note 7 - Debt and Bank Credit Facilities for more information. 
 (4) Represents effective settlement of outstanding payables and receivables between the Company and Altra. No gain or loss was recognized on this settlement. 
 
 Purchase Price Allocation 
 
 Altra s assets and liabilities were measured at estimated fair values at March 27, 2023, primarily using Level 3 inputs. Estimates of fair value represent management s best estimate of assumptions about future events and uncertainties, including significant judgments related to future cash flows, discount rates, competitive trends, margin and revenue growth assumptions, royalty rates and customer attrition rates and others. Inputs used were generally obtained from historical data supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions and growth rates expected as of the acquisition date. 

17 

Trade Receivables ) Inventories ) Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets Property, Plant and Equipment ) Intangible Assets (2) 
 Deferred Income Tax Benefits Operating Lease Assets Other Noncurrent Assets Accounts Payable ) ) Accrued Compensation and Benefits ) ) Other Accrued Expenses (1) 
 ) ) ) Current Operating Lease Liabilities ) ) Current Maturities of Long-Term Debt ) ) Long-Term Debt ) ) Deferred Income Taxes ) ) Pension and Other Post Retirement Benefits ) ) Noncurrent Operating Lease Liabilities ) ) Other Noncurrent Liabilities ) ) Total Identifiable Net Assets Goodwill ) Purchase price 
 
 (1) Includes million related to Altra Transaction costs paid by the Company at the closing of the Altra Transaction. 
 (2) Includes million related to Customer Relationships, million related to Trademarks and million related to Technology . 
 
 Transaction and Integration Costs 
 
 The Company incurred transaction and integration-related costs in connection with the Altra Transaction of approximately million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, which includes legal, professional service and integration costs associated with the Altra Transaction. There were million and million of transaction and integration-related costs in connection with the Altra Transaction recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, which includes legal and professional services and certain employee compensation costs, including severance and retention. These costs were recognized as Operating Expenses in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). 

18 

million of share-based compensation expense during the first quarter of 2023 related to the accelerated vesting of awards for certain former Altra employees. See Note 9 Shareholders' Equity for additional information. 
 
 In connection with the Altra Transaction, the Company incurred additional costs due to the entry into certain financing arrangements. Such financing arrangements are described in Note 7 Debt and Bank Credit Facilities. 
 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Information 
 
 The following unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information presents the Company's financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The pro forma financial information below is presented as if the Altra Transaction had occurred on January 2, 2022, the first day of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The pro forma financial information includes, where applicable, adjustments for: (i) additional amortization expense that would have been recognized related to the acquired intangible assets, (ii) additional interest expense on transaction related borrowings less interest income earned on the investment of proceeds from borrowings prior to the close of the Altra Transaction, (iii) additional depreciation expense that would have been recognized related to the acquired property, plant, and equipment, (iv) transaction costs and other one-time non-recurring costs, including share-based compensation expense related to the accelerated vesting of awards for certain former Altra employees, which reduced expenses by million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, (v) additional cost of sales related to the inventory valuation adjustment which reduced expenses by million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and (vi) the estimated income tax effect on the pro forma adjustments. 
 
 Net Loss Attributable to Regal Rexnord Corporation ) ) Loss Per Share Attributable to Regal Rexnord Corporation: Basic ) ) Assuming Dilution ) ) 

19 

4. 
 ) ) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income before Reclassifications ) Tax Impact Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) ) Tax Impact ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) Ending Balance ) ) ) September 30, 2023 Hedging Activities Pension and Post Retirement Benefit Adjustments Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Total Beginning Balance ) ) ) Other Comprehensive Loss before Reclassifications ) ) ) Tax Impact Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) Tax Impact Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) ) Ending Balance ) ) ) 

20 

) ) ) Other Comprehensive Loss before Reclassifications ) ) ) ) Tax Impact Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) Tax Impact ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) Ending Balance ) ) ) September 30, 2023 Hedging Activities Pension and Post Retirement Benefit Adjustments Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Total Beginning balance ) ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) before Reclassifications ) ) Tax Impact ) ) Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) Tax Impact Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) ) Ending Balance ) ) ) 
 
 The Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) line items affected by the hedging activities reclassified from AOCI in the tables above are disclosed in Note 13 - Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 The reclassification amounts for pension and post-retirement benefit adjustments in the tables above are part of net periodic benefit costs recorded in Other (Income) Expense, Net (see also Note 8 - Retirement Plans). 

5. 

21 

Acquisitions ) ) Translation Adjustments Balance as of September 30, 2024 Cumulative Goodwill Impairment Charges (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes impairment charges related to Industrial Systems, since it was sold in April 2024. See Note 3 Held for Sale, Acquisitions and Divestitures for more information. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 Technology Trademarks Total Intangibles 
 
 Amortization expense recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. Amortization expense recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and million, respectively. Amortization expense for 2024 is estimated to be million. 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 

6. 
 
 operating segments: Industrial Powertrain Solutions ("IPS"), Power Efficiency Solutions ("PES") and Automation Motion Control ("AMC"). 
 The IPS segment designs, produces and services a broad portfolio of highly-engineered power transmission products, including mounted and unmounted bearings, couplings, mechanical power transmission drives and components, gearboxes and gear 

22 

23 

Intersegment Sales ) Total Sales ) Gross Profit Operating Expenses Income from Operations Depreciation and Amortization Capital Expenditures September 30, 2023 External Sales Intersegment Sales ) Total Sales ) Gross Profit Operating Expenses Goodwill Impairment Asset Impairments Loss on Assets Held for Sale Total Operating Expenses Income from Operations ) ) Depreciation and Amortization Capital Expenditures 

24 

Intersegment Sales ) Total Sales ) Gross Profit Operating Expenses Asset Impairments Loss on Sale of Businesses Total Operating Expenses Income from Operations Depreciation and Amortization Capital Expenditures September 30, 2023 External Sales Intersegment Sales ) Total Sales ) Gross Profit Operating Expenses Goodwill Impairment Asset Impairments Loss on Assets Held for Sale Total Operating Expenses Income from Operations ) Depreciation and Amortization Capital Expenditures 
 (1) Results for the Industrial Systems segment cover the period through the completed sale on April 30, 2024. 
 
 The following table presents identifiable assets information attributable to the Company's operating segments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 Industrial Powertrain Solutions Power Efficiency Solutions Automation Motion Control Industrial Systems Total Identifiable Assets as of September 30, 2024 Identifiable Assets as of December 31, 2023 

25 

7. 
 
 Term Facility Land Term Facility Multicurrency Revolving Facility Altra Notes Finance Leases Other Less: Debt Issuance Costs ) ) Total Less: Current Maturities Long-Term Debt 
 The below discussion of the Company s indebtedness should be read in conjunction with the Note 7 Debt and Bank Credit Facilities in the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2024. 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 On March 28, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent and the lenders named therein, which was subsequently amended on November 17, 2022 (the "First Amendment") and November 30, 2022 (the "Assumption Agreement"), which in combination provide for, among other things: 
 
 i. an unsecured term loan facility in the initial principal amount of up to million, maturing on March 28, 2027, which was upsized by million on March 27, 2023 in connection with the Altra Transaction (the "Term Facility"); 
 ii. an unsecured term loan facility in the initial principal amount of million, under which the Company's subsidiary Land Newco, Inc. remains the sole borrower, maturing on March 28, 2027 (the "Land Term Facility"); and 
 iii. an unsecured revolving loan in the initial principal amount of up to million, maturing on March 28, 2027, which was upsized by million on March 27, 2023 in connection with the Altra Transaction (the "Multicurrency Revolving Facility"). 
 
 The Term Facility requires quarterly amortization at per annum, unless previously prepaid. Per the terms of the Credit Agreement, prepayments can be made without penalty and are applied to the next payment due. The Land Term Facility has no required amortization. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at floating rates based upon indices determined by the currency of the borrowing (SOFR or an alternative base rate for US Dollar borrowings) or at an alternative base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin. 
 
 Land Term Facility 

26 

standby letters of credit issued under the Multicurrency Revolving Facility, and million of available borrowing capacity. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 under the Multicurrency Revolving Facility, the average daily balance in borrowings was million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 under the Multicurrency Revolving Facility, the average daily balance in borrowings was million and million, respectively. The Company paid a non-use fee of as of September 30, 2024 on the aggregate unused amount of the Multicurrency Revolving Facility at a rate determined by reference to its consolidated funded debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. 

Senior Notes 
 
 On January 24, 2023, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Senior Notes ), million aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due 2028 (the 2028 Senior Notes ), million aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due 2030 (the 2030 Senior Notes and million aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due 2033 (the 2033 Senior Notes and, together with the 2026 Senior Notes, 2028 Senior Notes and 2030 Senior Notes, collectively, the Senior Notes ). The 2026 Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on February 15, 2026, the 2028 Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on April 15, 2028, the 2030 Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on February 15, 2030, and the 2033 Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on April 15, 2033. 
 
 The rate of interest on each series of the Senior Notes is subject to an increase of up to in the event of certain downgrades in the debt rating of the Senior Notes. Interest on the 2026 Senior Notes and the 2030 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on August 15, 2023. Interest on the 2028 Senior Notes and the 2033 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on April 15, 2023. 
 
 The Company received million in net proceeds from the sale of the Senior Notes, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and estimated offering expenses. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds to repay the Company s outstanding Private Placement Notes and used the remaining net proceeds, together with the incremental term loan commitments under the Term Facility and cash on hand, to fund the consideration for the Altra Transaction, repay certain of Altra s outstanding indebtedness, and pay certain fees and expenses. 
 
 Prior to the consummation of the Altra Transaction, the Company used a portion of the proceeds to repay the outstanding borrowings under the Multicurrency Revolving Facility in January 2023 and invested the remaining net proceeds of approximately billion in interest bearing accounts. The Company recognized million in Interest Income from the investment in interest bearing accounts prior to the close of the Altra Transaction. 
 
 The Senior Notes were issued and sold in a private offering to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and persons outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement, the Company agreed to exchange the Senior Notes with registered notes with terms substantially identical to those of the Senior Notes of the corresponding series (the New Notes within days from the date of issuance. The Company and certain subsidiaries that guarantee the Senior Notes filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC on March 26, 2024, registering an offer to exchange the Senior Notes validly tendered for New Notes of the corresponding series (the Exchange Offer ). In May 2024, the Company and the guarantor subsidiaries completed the Exchange Offer, exchanging approximately million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes for approximately million in aggregate principal amount of New Notes of the corresponding series. The aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes not exchanged, approximately million, remained outstanding across the four series of Senior Notes. The New Notes consist of approximately million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2026, million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2028, million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2030 and million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2033. 

27 

million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2026 (the Altra Notes ). The Company purchased of the outstanding Altra Notes for total consideration of million. See Note 3 Held for Sale, Acquisitions and Divestitures for more information. 
 
 The Altra Notes will mature on October 1, 2026. The Altra Notes may be redeemed at the option of the issuer on or after October 1, 2023. The Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain of the Company's domestic subsidiaries. 
 
 Compliance with Financial Covenants 
 
 The Credit Agreement requires the Company to meet specified financial ratios and to satisfy certain financial condition tests. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Finance leases 
 
 The weighted average discount rate associated with the Company's finance leases was as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 Other Disclosures 
 
 Based on rates for instruments with comparable maturities and credit quality, which are classified as Level 2 inputs (see also Note 14 - Fair Value), the approximate fair value of the Senior Notes was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, compared to a carrying value of million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company believes that the fair value of all other debt instruments approximates their carrying value. 

8. 
 
 Interest Cost Expected Return on Plan Assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost and Net Actuarial Loss (Gain) ) ) Special Termination Benefits Net Periodic Benefit Expense (Income) ) ) 
 
 The service cost component is included in Cost of Sales and Operating Expenses. All other components of net periodic benefit costs are included in Other (Income) Expense, Net on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company contributed million and million, respectively, to post retirement plans. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company contributed million and million, respectively. The Company expects to make total contributions of million in 2024. The Company contributed a total of million in 2023. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company contributed million and million, respectively, to defined contribution plans. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company contributed million and million, respectively. 

9. 

28 

million of shares under the Company's share repurchase program. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased and retired shares of its common stock at an average cost of per share for a total cost of million. There were repurchases of the Company's shares during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Based on share repurchase activity since the most recent authorization, as of September 30, 2024, the maximum value of shares of the Company s common stock available to be purchased was approximately million. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 The Company recognized approximately million and million in share-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and approximately million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The million includes million related to the accelerated vesting of awards for certain former Altra employees. The total income tax benefit recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for share-based compensation expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company recognizes compensation expense on grants of share-based compensation awards on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of each award. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units Performance Share Units 

10. 
 versus ) for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was and ) , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was higher than the same period in 2023 due to the impacts of the sale of the industrial motors and generators businesses, partially offset by discrete tax benefits associated with a reduction in withholding taxes. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was higher than the same period in 2023 due to the impacts of the sale of the industrial motors and generators businesses, partially offset by lower non-deductible transaction related expenses from the Altra acquisition and discrete tax benefits associated with a reduction in withholding taxes. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits, all of which would impact the effective income tax rate if recognized. Potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in income tax expense. The Company had million and million of accrued interest as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

29 

11. 
 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The amount of the anti-dilutive shares was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Effect of Dilutive Securities Denominator for Diluted Earnings Per Share 

12. 
 
 of the Company's subsidiaries that it acquired in 2007 is subject to numerous claims filed in various jurisdictions relating to certain sub-fractional motors that were primarily manufactured through 2004 and that were included as components of residential and commercial ventilation units manufactured and sold in high volumes by a third party. These ventilation units are subject to product safety requirements and other potential regulation of their performance by government agencies such as the US Consumer Product Safety Commission CPSC ). The claims generally allege that the ventilation units were the cause of fires. The Company has recorded an estimated liability for incurred claims. Based on the current facts, the Company cannot assure that these claims, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on its subsidiary's financial condition. The Company's subsidiary cannot reasonably predict the outcome of these claims, the nature or extent of any CPSC or other remedial actions, if any, that the Company's subsidiary may need to undertake with respect to motors that remain in the field, or the costs that may be incurred, some of which could be significant. 
 
 As a result of the Company's acquisition of the Rexnord PMC business, it is entitled to indemnification from third parties to agreements with the Rexnord PMC business against certain contingent liabilities of the Rexnord PMC business, including certain pre-closing environmental liabilities. 
 The Company believes that, pursuant to the transaction documents related to the Rexnord PMC business' acquisition of the Stearns business from Invensys plc ("Invensys"), Invensys (now known as Schneider Electric) is obligated to defend and indemnify us with respect to the matters described below relating to the Ellsworth Industrial Park Site and to various asbestos claims. The indemnity obligations relating to the matters described below are subject, together with indemnity obligations relating to other matters, to an overall dollar cap equal to the purchase price, which is an amount in excess of million. In the event that the Company is unable to recover from Invensys with respect to the matters below, it may be entitled to indemnification from Zurn Water Solutions Corporation (formerly known as Rexnord Corporation) ("Zurn"), subject to certain limitations. The following paragraphs summarize the most significant actions and proceedings: 
 
 In 2002, the Company's subsidiary, Rexnord Industries, LLC ("Rexnord Industries") was named as a potentially responsible party ("PRP"), together with at least other companies, at the Ellsworth Industrial Park Site, Downers Grove, DuPage County, Illinois (the "Site"), by the United States Environmental Protection Agency ("USEPA"), and the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency ("IEPA"). Rexnord Industries' Downers Grove property is situated within the Ellsworth Industrial Complex. The USEPA and IEPA allege there have been one or more releases or threatened releases of chlorinated solvents and other hazardous substances, pollutants or contaminants at the Site, allegedly including but not limited to a release or threatened release on or from Rexnord Industries' property. The relief sought by the USEPA and IEPA includes further investigation and potential remediation of the Site and reimbursement of USEPA's past costs. In early 2020, Rexnord Industries entered into an administrative order with the USEPA to do remediation work on its Downers Grove property. The soil excavation work and transporting and disposing of the excavated material was completed in October 2020. An AS/SVE system construction was completed in February 2022 and is anticipated to operate for . All previously pending property damage and personal injury lawsuits against Rexnord Industries related to the Site have been settled or dismissed. Pursuant to its indemnity obligation, Invensys continues to defend Rexnord Industries in known matters related to the Site, including the costs of the remediation work pursuant to the 2020 administrative order, and has paid of the costs to date. This 

30 

claimants) are pending in state or federal court in numerous jurisdictions relating to alleged personal injuries due to the alleged presence of asbestos in certain brakes and clutches previously manufactured by the Rexnord PMC business' Stearns brand of brakes and clutches and/or its predecessor owners. Invensys and FMC, prior owners of the Stearns business, have paid of the costs to date related to the Stearns lawsuits. Similarly, the Rexnord PMC business' Prager subsidiary is the subject of claims by multiple claimants alleging personal injuries due to the alleged presence of asbestos in a product allegedly manufactured by Prager. However, all these claims are currently on the Texas Multi-district Litigation inactive docket, and the Company does not believe that they will become active in the future. To date, the Rexnord PMC business' insurance providers have paid of the costs related to the Prager asbestos matters. We believe that the combination of the Company's insurance coverage and the Invensys indemnity obligations will cover any future costs of these matters. 
 
 In connection with the Company's acquisition of the Rexnord PMC business, transaction documents related to the Rexnord PMC business acquisition of The Falk Corporation from Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation were assigned to Rexnord Industries, and provide Rexnord Industries with indemnification against certain product related asbestos exposure liabilities. The Company believes that, pursuant to such indemnity obligations, Hamilton Sundstrand is obligated to defend and indemnify Rexnord Industries with respect to asbestos claims described below, and that, with respect to these claims, such indemnity obligations are not subject to any time or dollar limitations. 
 
 The following paragraph summarizes the most significant actions and proceedings for which Hamilton Sundstrand has accepted responsibility: 
 
 Rexnord Industries is a defendant in multiple lawsuits pending in state or federal court in numerous jurisdictions relating to alleged personal injuries due to the alleged presence of asbestos in certain clutches and drives previously manufactured by The Falk Corporation. The ultimate outcome of these lawsuits cannot presently be determined. Hamilton Sundstrand is defending Rexnord Industries in these lawsuits pursuant to its indemnity obligations and has paid of the costs to date. 
 
 The Company is, from time to time, party to litigation and other legal or regulatory proceedings that arise in the normal course of its business operations and the outcomes of which are subject to significant uncertainty, including product warranty and liability claims, contract disputes and environmental, asbestos, intellectual property, employment and other litigation matters. The Company's products are used in a variety of industrial, commercial and residential applications that subject the Company to claims that the use of its products is alleged to have resulted in injury or other damage. Many of these matters will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Management conducts regular reviews, including updates from legal counsel, to assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise in judgment. The Company accrues for exposures in amounts that it believes are adequate, and the Company does not believe that the outcome of any such lawsuit individually or collectively will have a material effect on the Company's financial position, its results of operations or its cash flows. 
 The Company recognizes the cost associated with its standard warranty on its products at the time of sale. The amount recognized is based on historical experience. 
 Less: Payments ) ) ) ) Provisions Acquisitions Reclassification to Liabilities Held for Sale ) ) Translation Adjustments ) Ending Balance 

31 

13. 
 
 million and million, respectively, net of tax, of derivative gains on closed hedge instruments in AOCI that will be realized in earnings when the hedged items impact earnings. 
 Mexican Peso Euro Indian Rupee British Pound 
 
 The Company has commodity forward contracts to hedge forecasted purchases of commodities with maturities extending through December 2025. The notional amounts expressed in terms of the dollar value of the hedged item were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Copper Aluminum 
 
 The Company entered into receive variable/pay-fixed forward starting non-amortizing interest rate swaps in June 2020, with a total notional amount of million, which were subsequently terminated in March 2022. The cash proceeds of million received to settle the terminated swaps is being recognized as a reduction of interest expense via the effective interest rate method through July 2025 when the terminated swaps were scheduled to expire. The Company entered into additional receive variable/pay-fixed forward starting non-amortizing interest rate swaps in May 2022, with a total notional amount of million. These swaps will expire in March 2027. 

32 

Currency Contracts Commodity Contracts Not Designated as Hedging Instruments: Currency Contracts Total Derivatives 
 December 31, 2023 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets Other Noncurrent Assets Other Accrued Expenses Designated as Hedging Instruments: Interest Rate Swap Contracts Currency Contracts Commodity Contracts Not Designated as Hedging Instruments: Currency Contracts Total Derivatives 

33 

) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts Reclassified from Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): Gain (Loss) Recognized in Cost of Sales ) Gain Recognized in Interest Expense Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Commodity Forwards Currency Forwards Interest Rate Swaps Total Commodity Forwards Currency Forwards Interest Rate Swaps Total Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) ) ) Amounts Reclassified from Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): Gain (Loss) Recognized in Cost of Sales ) ) ) Gain Recognized in Interest Expense 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Cash Flow Hedging Instruments: 
 
 The effect of derivative instruments not designated as cash flow hedges on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) were: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Commodity Forwards Currency Forwards Commodity Forwards Currency Forwards Gain recognized in Cost of Sales (Loss) Gain recognized in Operating Expenses ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Commodity Forwards Currency Forwards Commodity Forwards Currency Forwards Gain recognized in Cost of Sales Gain recognized in Operating Expenses 
 
 The AOCI balance related to hedging activities consists of a million gain net of tax as of September 30, 2024 which includes million of net current deferred gains expected to be reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive 

34 

) Liabilities ) 
 December 31, 2023 Gross Amounts as Presented on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet Derivative Contract Amounts Subject to Right of Offset Derivative Contracts as Presented on a Net Basis Assets ) Liabilities ) 

35 

14. 
 
 Level 2 Derivative Commodity Contracts Level 2 Other Noncurrent Assets: Assets Held in Rabbi Trust Level 1 Derivative Currency Contracts Level 2 Derivative Commodity Contracts Level 2 Interest Rate Swap Level 2 Liabilities: Other Accrued Expenses: Derivative Currency Contracts Level 2 Derivative Commodity Contracts Level 2 Other Noncurrent Liabilities: Derivative Currency Contracts Level 2 Derivative Commodity Contracts Level 2 
 Level 1 fair value measurements for assets held in a Rabbi Trust are unadjusted quoted prices. 
 
 Level 2 fair value measurements for derivative assets and liabilities are measured using quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities. Interest rate swaps are valued based on the discounted cash flows using the SOFR forward yield curve for an instrument with similar contractual terms. Foreign currency forwards are valued based on exchange rates quoted by domestic and foreign banks for similar instruments. Commodity forwards are valued based on observable market transactions of forward commodity prices. Senior Notes are valued based on rates for instruments with comparable maturities and credit quality. See Note 7 - Debt and Bank Credit Facilities for further information. 

36 

15. 
 
 Acquisition (1) 
 Provision (2) 
 Less: Payments Ending Balance 
 
 (1) Excludes million of severance related to the Altra Transaction, which was paid in the second quarter 2023. 
 million of accelerated depreciation. 
 
 Facility Related Costs Other Expenses ) Total Restructuring Costs Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Restructuring Costs: Cost of Sales Operating Expenses Total Cost of Sales Operating Expenses Total Employee Termination Expenses Facility Related Costs Other Expenses Total Restructuring Costs 

37 

September 30, 2023 Restructuring Costs - Nine Months Ended Total Industrial Powertrain Solutions Power Efficiency Solutions Automation Motion Control Industrial Systems September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 
 
 million in the remainder of 2024. The Company continues to evaluate operating efficiencies and anticipates incurring additional costs in future periods in connection with these activities. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Dollars In Millions Except Per Share Data, Unless Otherwise Noted) 
 
 Overview 
 
 Regal Rexnord Corporation (NYSE: RRX) we, us, our or the Company and its associates around the world help create a better tomorrow by providing sustainable solutions that power, transmit and control motion. The Company s electric motors and air moving subsystems provide the power to create motion. A portfolio of highly engineered power transmission components and subsystems efficiently transmit motion to power industrial applications. Our automation offering, comprised of controls, actuators, drives, and small, precision motors control motion in applications ranging from factory automation to providing precision control in surgical tools. We are headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and have manufacturing, sales and service facilities worldwide. 
 
 Our company is comprised of three operating segments: Industrial Powertrain Solutions ("IPS"), Power Efficiency Solutions ("PES") and Automation Motion Control ("AMC"). 
 
 A description of our three operating segments is as follows: 
 
 The IPS segment designs, produces and services a broad portfolio of highly-engineered transmission products, including mounted and unmounted bearings, couplings, mechanical power transmission drives and components, gearboxes and gear motors, clutches, brakes, and industrial powertrain components and solutions. Increasingly, the segment produces industrial powertrain solutions, which are integrated sub-systems comprised of Regal Rexnord motors plus the critical power transmission components that efficiently transmit motion to power industrial applications. The segment serves a broad range of markets that include general industrial, metals and mining, agricultural and construction, food and beverage, energy, alternative energy, and other markets. 
 
 The PES segment designs and produces fractional to approximately 5 horsepower AC and DC motors, electronic variable speed controls, electronic drives, fans and blowers, as well as integrated subsystems comprised of two or more of these components. The segment's products are used in residential and light commercial HVAC, water heaters, commercial refrigeration, commercial building ventilation, pool and spa, irrigation, dewatering, agricultural and other applications. 
 
 The AMC segment designs, produces and services conveyor products, conveying automation subsystems, aerospace components, precision motion control solutions, high-efficiency miniature servo motors, controls, drives and linear actuators, as well as power management products that include automatic transfer switches and paralleling switchgear. 

38 

The segment sells into markets that include industrial automation, robotics, food and beverage, aerospace, medical, agricultural and construction, general industrial, data center, and other markets. 
 
 On September 23, 2023, we signed an agreement to sell our industrial motors and generators businesses which represent the substantial majority the Industrial Systems operating segment. The transaction closed on April 30, 2024. See Note 3 - Held for Sale, Acquisitions and Divestitures of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information, as well as Note 6 - Segment Information of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Finance Statements for a description of the Company's operating segments. 
 
 Components of Profit and Loss 
 
 Net Sales . We sell our products to a variety of manufacturers, distributors and end users. Our customers consist of a large cross-section of businesses, ranging from Fortune 100 companies to small businesses. A number of our products are sold to Original Equipment Manufacturers ("OEMs"), who incorporate our products, such as electric motors, into products they manufacture, and many of our products are built to the requirements of our customers. The majority of our sales derive from direct sales to customers by sales personnel employed by the Company, however, a significant portion of our sales are derived from sales made by manufacturer s representatives, who are paid exclusively on commission. Our product sales are made via purchase order, long-term contract, and, in some instances, one-time purchases. Many of our products have broad customer bases, with levels of revenue concentration by customer varying widely across our business units. 
 
 Our level of net sales for any given period is dependent upon a number of factors, including (i) the demand for our products and for the products in which our products are components; (ii) the strength of the economy generally and the end markets in which we compete; (iii) our customers perceptions of our product quality at any given time; (iv) our quote, lead and delivery times; (v) the selling price of our products; (vi) inventory levels in the channels through which our products are sold; and (vii) the weather. As a result, our total revenue has tended to experience quarterly variations and our total revenue for any particular quarter may not be indicative of future results. 
 
 We use the term organic sales" to refer to sales from existing operations excluding (i) sales from acquired businesses recorded prior to the first anniversary of the acquisition Acquisition Sales ), (ii) less the amount of sales attributable to any businesses divested/to be exited, and (iii) the impact of foreign currency translation. The impact of foreign currency translation is determined by translating the respective period s organic sales using the same currency exchange rates that were in effect during the prior year periods. We use the term organic sales growth to refer to the increase in our sales between periods that is attributable to organic sales. We use the term acquisition growth to refer to the increase in our sales between periods that is attributable to Acquisition Sales. Organic sales, organic sales growth and acquisition growth are non-GAAP financial measures. See reconciliation for these measures to GAAP net sales in Non-GAAP Measures below. 
 
 Gross Profit . Our gross profit is impacted by our levels of net sales and cost of sales. Our cost of sales consists of costs for, among other things (i) raw materials, including copper, steel and aluminum; (ii) components such as castings, bars, tools, bearings and electronics; (iii) wages and related personnel expenses for fabrication, assembly and logistics personnel; (iv) manufacturing facilities, including depreciation on our manufacturing facilities and equipment, insurance and utilities; and (v) shipping. The majority of our cost of sales consists of raw materials and components. The price we pay for commodities and components can be subject to commodity price fluctuations. We attempt to mitigate this through fixed-price agreements with suppliers and our hedging strategies. When we experience commodity price increases, we have tended to announce price increases to our customers who purchase via purchase order, with such increases generally taking effect a period of time after the public announcements. For those sales we make under long-term contracts, we tend to include material price formulas that specify quarterly or semi-annual price adjustments based on a variety of factors, including commodity prices. 
 
 Outside of general economic cyclicality, our business units experience different levels of variation in gross profit from quarter to quarter based on factors specific to each business. Generally, our segments each have broad customer base and a variety of applications for their products, thereby helping to mitigate large quarter-to-quarter fluctuations outside of general economic conditions. However, for example, a portion of our PES segment manufactures products that are used in air conditioning applications. As a result, our sales for that business may be lower in the first and fourth quarters and higher in the second and third quarters. 
 
 Operating Expenses . Our operating expenses consist primarily of (i) general and administrative expenses; (ii) sales and marketing expenses; (iii) general engineering and research and development expenses; and (iv) handling costs incurred in conjunction with distribution activities. Personnel related costs are our largest operating expense. 

39 

Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of costs for (i) salaries, benefits and other personnel expenses related to our executive, finance, human resource, information technology, legal and operations functions; (ii) occupancy expenses; (iii) technology related costs; (iv) depreciation and amortization; and (v) corporate-related travel. The majority of our general and administrative costs are for salaries and related personnel expenses. These costs can vary by business given the location of our different manufacturing operations. 
 
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of costs for (i) salaries, benefits and other personnel expenses related to our sales and marketing function; (ii) internal and external sales commissions and bonuses; (iii) travel, lodging and other out-of-pocket expenses associated with our selling efforts; and (iv) other related overhead. 
 
 Our general engineering and research and development expenses consist primarily of costs for (i) salaries, benefits and other personnel expenses; (ii) the design and development of new energy efficiency products and enhancements; (iii) quality assurance and testing; and (iv) other related overhead. Our research and development efforts tend to be targeted toward developing new products that would allow us to maintain or gain additional market share, whether in new or existing applications. In particular, a large driver of our research and development efforts is to raise the energy efficiency and lower the environmental impact of our products and sub-systems. 
 
 Income from Operations . Our income from operations consists of segment gross profit less segment operating expenses. In addition, there are shared operating costs that cover corporate, engineering and IT expenses that are consistently allocated to the operating segments and are included in segment operating expenses. Income from operations is a key metric used to measure year-over-year performance of the segments. 
 
 Altra Transaction 
 
 On March 27, 2023, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Altra Merger Agreement, by and among us, Altra, and Merger Sub, pursuant to the satisfaction of specified conditions, Merger Sub merged with and into Altra, with Altra surviving the Altra Merger as our wholly owned subsidiary. See Note 3 - Held for Sale, Acquisitions and Divestitures of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the Altra Transaction. 
 
 In connection with the Altra Transaction, we entered into certain financing arrangements, which are described below under Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 2024 Outlook 
 
 The Company has updated its annual guidance for diluted earnings per share to a range of 3.27 to 3.57. The change reflects weaker factory automation demand in the Automation Motion Control segment and weaker general commerc ial demand in the Power Efficiency Solutions segment. 

40 

Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Sales: Industrial Powertrain Solutions 644.2 640.7 1,963.1 1,753.8 Power Efficiency Solutions 431.6 461.3 1,227.8 1,390.9 Automation Motion Control 401.6 419.8 1,224.0 1,096.1 Industrial Systems (1) 
 128.0 157.8 401.7 Consolidated 1,477.4 1,649.8 4,572.7 4,642.5 Gross Profit as a Percent of Net Sales: Industrial Powertrain Solutions 41.6 33.7 40.9 35.2 Power Efficiency Solutions 30.5 29.9 28.7 28.0 Automation Motion Control 39.0 38.4 39.7 37.7 Industrial Systems (1) 
 21.3 24.8 21.0 Consolidated 37.7 32.9 36.7 32.4 Operating Expenses as a Percent of Net Sales: Industrial Powertrain Solutions 28.5 27.5 27.9 29.2 Power Efficiency Solutions 17.0 15.8 17.9 15.8 Automation Motion Control 31.3 28.1 30.4 29.8 Industrial Systems (1) 
 152.4 24.7 61.3 Consolidated 25.9 34.1 25.8 28.1 Income (Loss) from Operations as a Percent of Net Sales: Industrial Powertrain Solutions 13.1 6.1 13.1 6.0 Power Efficiency Solutions 13.6 14.1 10.8 12.2 Automation Motion Control 7.7 10.3 9.2 7.9 Industrial Systems (1) 
 (131.2) 0.2 (40.4) Consolidated 11.8 (1.2) 11.0 4.3 Income (Loss) from Operations 174.1 (20.4) 501.9 200.1 Interest Expense 98.0 111.5 305.1 323.3 Interest Income (5.1) (3.5) (13.2) (40.5) Other (Income) Expense, Net (0.2) (2.5) 0.4 (6.7) Income (Loss) before Taxes 81.4 (125.9) 209.6 (76.0) Provision for Income Taxes 8.4 12.7 53.2 34.9 Net Income (Loss) 73.0 (138.6) 156.4 (110.9) Less: Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 0.3 0.9 1.4 2.4 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Regal Rexnord Corporation 72.7 (139.5) 155.0 (113.3) 
 (1) Results for the Industrial Systems segment covers results through the close of the sale on April 30, 2024. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to September 30, 2023 
 Net sales decreased 172.4 million or 10.4 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The decrease consisted of an organic sales decline of 2.7 and a negative foreign currency translation impact of 0.2 . In addition, the 172.4 million decrease includes an impact of 128.0 million related to the sale of the industrial motors and generators businesses, which closed on April 30, 2024. The organic sales decline was driven by a decrease of 28.6 million within PES 

41 

and a decrease of 17.2 million within AMC, partially offset by an increase of 5.3 million within IPS. Gross profit increased 14.1 million or 2.6 for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily driven by an increase in gross profit of 52.2 million within IPS, partially offset by a decrease of 27.2 million due to the divestiture of the industrial motors and generators businesses and decreases at AMC and PES. The gross profit increase of 14.1 million includes the absence of 8.8 million of acquisition-related inventory step-up amortization at IPS and AMC in the third quarter of 2024. Total operating expenses for the third quarter of 2024 decreased 180.4 million or 32.1 as compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily driven by a reduction of 195.1 million from the divestiture of the industrial motors and generators businesses, including the loss on assets held for sale of 112.7 million and goodwill impairment of 57.3 million. 
 IPS net sales for the third quarter of 2024 were 644.2 million, an increase of 3.5 million or 0.5 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase consisted of an organic sales increase of 0.8 , partially offset by a negative foreign currency translation impact of 0.3 . The increase in organic sales was primarily driven by strength in energy, aerospace defense and metals mining, partially offset by weakness in alternative energy and machinery/off-highway markets. Gross profit increased 52.2 million or 24.2 as compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily driven by benefits from productivity improvements and acquisition-related cost synergies and the absence of 7.1 million of acquisition-related inventory step-up amortization in the third quarter of 2024. Total operating expenses for the third quarter of 2024 are relatively consistent with the third quarter of 2023. 
 PES net sales for the third quarter of 2024 were 431.6 million, a decrease of 29.7 million or 6.4 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. The decrease consisted of an organic sales decline of 6.2 and a negative foreign currency translation impact of 0.2 . The decrease in organic sales was primarily driven by lower sales volumes due to weakness in the general commercial market and in commercial HVAC outside the U.S., along with a lag in our capacity ramping in response to higher than anticipated residential HVAC demand acceleration. Gross profit decreased 6.2 million or 4.5 as compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily driven by lower volumes, partially offset by a decrease of 5.9 million in restructuring expenses. Total operating expenses for the third quarter of 2024 are relatively consistent with the third quarter of 2023. 
 AMC net sales were 401.6 million, a decrease of 18.2 million or 4.3 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. The decrease consisted of an organic sales decline of 4.1 and a negative foreign currency translation impact of 0.2 . The decrease in organic sales was primarily driven by 24.5 million from lower sales volumes due to weakness in discrete automation, partially offset by strength in the food beverage, aerospace and defense, data center, and medical markets. Gross profit decreased 4.7 million or 2.9 compared to the third quarter of 2023 driven by a decline in sales volume, partially offset by benefits from acquisition-related cost synergies and other cost control actions taken during 2024. Total operating expenses for the third quarter of 2024 are relatively consistent with the third quarter of 2023. 
 The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 10.3 versus (10.1) for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to Note 10 - Income Taxes for further information. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to September 30, 2023 
 Net sales decreased 69.8 million or 1.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease consisted of an organic sales decline of 6.2 and a negative foreign currency translation impact of 0.3 , partially offset by acquisition growth of 9.5 . In addition, the 69.8 million decrease reflects a negative impact of 222.9 million related to the sale of the industrial motors and generators businesses, which closed on April 30, 2024. The acquisition growth of 442.5 million was from the acquisition of Altra. The organic sales decline was due to lower organic sales of 158.8 million within PES, 67.6 million within AMC, 28.4 million within IPS, and 19.6 million within Industrial Systems. Gross profit increased 176.3 million or 11.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily driven by 175.2 million from the acquisition of Altra, the absence of 52.9 million of acquisition-related inventory step-up amortization at IPS and AMC in 2024, and acquisition-related cost synergies, partially offset by a 37.2 million decrease within PES and a decrease of 45.0 million due to the divestiture of the industrial motors and generated business. Total operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 125.5 million or 9.6 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily driven by a reduction of 207.4 million from the divestiture of the industrial motors and generators businesses including the 108.4 million decrease to loss on assets held for sale and 57.3 million goodwill impairment recorded during 2023, and a decrease of 68.2 million of transaction and integration related costs, partially offset by an increase of 122.0 million from the acquisition of Altra. 
 IPS net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,963.1 million, an increase of 209.3 million or 11.9 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase consisted of acquisition growth of 13.9 , partially offset by an organic sales decline of 1.6 and a negative foreign currency translation impact of 0.3 . The acquisition growth of 243.2 million was due to the acquisition of Altra. The 28.4 million decrease in organic sales was driven by lower sales volumes due to weakness in alternative energy and machinery/off-highway markets, partially offset by strength in energy and metals mining markets. Gross profit increased 185.7 million or 30.1 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 

42 

2023 primarily driven by 92.4 million from the acquisition of Altra, the absence of 38.7 million of acquisition-related inventory step-up amortization in 2024, and the benefits of productivity and acquisition-related cost synergies. Total operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 34.8 million or 6.8 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily driven by an increase of 60.0 million from the acquisition of Altra and an increase of 5.1 million of restructuring expense, partially offset by a decrease of 40.8 million of transaction and integration costs. 
 PES net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,227.8 million, a decrease of 163.1 million or 11.7 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease primarily consisted of an organic sales decline of 11.4 and a negative foreign currency translation impact of 0.3 . The decrease in organic sales was primarily due to lower sales volumes due to weakness in North American residential HVAC as well as commercial HVAC markets in Europe and Asia. Gross profit decreased 37.2 million or 9.6 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily driven by lower sales volumes, partially offset by management's control over discretionary spending and lower freight costs. Total operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are relatively consistent with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 AMC net sales were 1,224.0 million, an increase of 127.9 million or 11.7 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase consisted of acquisition growth of 18.2 , partially offset by an organic sales decline of 6.2 and a negative foreign currency translation impact of 0.3 . The acquisition growth of 199.3 million was due to the acquisition of Altra. The 67.6 million decrease in organic sales was primarily driven by lower volumes due to weakness in discrete automation, partially offset by strength in the aerospace, medical, and data center markets. Gross profit increased 72.8 million or 17.6 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily driven by 82.8 million from the acquisition of Altra, the absence of 14.2 million of acquisition-related inventory step-up amortization in 2024 and the benefits of acquisition-related cost synergies, partially offset by the decline in sales. Total operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 46.3 million as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to 62.0 million from the acquisition of Altra, partially offset by a decrease of 26.9 million of transaction and integration costs. 
 On April 30, 2024, the Company completed the sale of its industrial motors and generators businesses, which represented the substantial majority of the Industrial Systems segment, and recognized a 4.3 million loss on the sale during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The changes in Industrial Systems' sales, gross profit and other operating expenses were primarily driven by the timing of the sale. 
 The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 25.4 versus (45.9) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to Note 10 - Income Taxes for further information. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 We prepare our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). As noted above, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we also disclose organic sales, organic sales growth and acquisition growth, which are considered non-GAAP financial measures. We use the term "organic sales growth" to refer to its increase in sales between periods that is attributable to sales. "Organic sales" refers to GAAP sales from existing operations excluding any sales from acquired businesses recorded prior to the first anniversary of the acquisition and excluding any sales from business divested/to be exited recorded prior to the first anniversary of the exit and excluding the impact of foreign currency translation. The impact of foreign currency translation is determined by translating the respective period's organic sales using the currency exchange rates that were in effect during the prior year periods. We reconcile these non-GAAP measures in the table below to GAAP net sales. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful measures for providing investors with additional information regarding our results of operations and for helping investors understand and compare our operating results across accounting periods and compared to our peers. This additional non-GAAP information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the Company's results of operations prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. 

43 

Industrial Powertrain Solutions Power Efficiency Solutions Automation Motion Control Industrial Systems Total Net Sales for Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 644.2 431.6 401.6 1,477.4 Impact from Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 1.8 1.1 1.0 3.9 Organic Sales for Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 646.0 432.7 402.6 1,481.3 Organic Sales Growth for Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 0.8 (6.2) (4.1) (2.7) Impact from Foreign Currency Exchange Rates (0.3) (0.2) (0.2) (0.2) Net Sales for Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 640.7 461.3 419.8 128.0 1,649.8 Net Sales from Businesses Divested (128.0) (128.0) Adjusted Net Sales for Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 640.7 461.3 419.8 1,521.8 
 
 Industrial Powertrain Solutions Power Efficiency Solutions Automation Motion Control Industrial Systems Total Net Sales for Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 1,963.1 1,227.8 1,224.0 157.8 4,572.7 Net Sales from Businesses Acquired (243.2) (199.3) (442.5) Impact from Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 5.5 4.3 3.8 1.4 15.0 Organic Sales for Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 1,725.4 1,232.1 1,028.5 159.2 4,145.2 Organic Sales Growth for Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 (1.6) (11.4) (6.2) (11.0) (6.2) Acquisition Growth for Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 13.9 18.2 10.0 Impact from Foreign Currency Exchange Rates (0.3) (0.3) (0.3) (0.8) (0.3) Net Sales for Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 1,753.8 1,390.9 1,096.1 401.7 4,642.5 Net Sales from Businesses Divested (222.9) (222.9) Adjusted Net Sales for Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 1,753.8 1,390.9 1,096.1 178.8 4,419.6 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 General 
 
 Our principal source of liquidity is cash flow provided by operating activities. In addition to operating income, other significant factors affecting our cash flow include working capital levels, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and divestitures, availability of debt financing and the ability to attract long-term capital at acceptable terms. 
 
 Cash flow provided by operating activities was 396.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 117.8 million decrease from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was driven primarily by lower cash generated by working capital, partially offset by improved income generation. 

44 

Cash flow provided by investing activities was 295.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to cash flow used in investing activities of 4,952.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change was driven by the use of 4,870.2 of cash to acquire Altra during the prior year period and 374.8 million in proceeds received from the sale of the industrial motors and generators businesses in the current year. 
 
 In fiscal 2024, we anticipate capital spending for property, plant and equipment to be approximately 110 million. We believe that our present manufacturing facilities will be sufficient to provide adequate capacity for our operations for the remainder of 2024. We anticipate funding remaining 2024 capital spending with operating cash flows. 
 
 Cash flow used in financing activities was 860.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4,354.7 million provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We made net debt repayments of 732.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net debt borrowings of 4,492.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net debt payments in the current year primarily resulted from payments of 273.5 million on the term loan, 391.8 million on the land term loan and 64.3 million net repayments made on the revolver during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The net debt borrowings in the prior year were primarily the result of the 4.7 billion of Senior Notes issued in January 2023 and the 840.0 million upsize of the unsecured term loan facility in March 2023, partially offset by the repayment of the 500.0 million of Private Placement Notes in January 2023, 412.5 million net repayments on the revolver and 122.1 million of payments on the term loan. The Company repurchased and retired 50.0 million of common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to partially offset the dilutive impact of share-based compensation awards. There were no share repurchases for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. There were 69.9 million of dividends paid for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 69.6 million of dividends paid in the prior year. There were no financing fees paid in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 51.1 million of fees paid in the prior year. 
 
 Our working capital was 1,746.9 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 2,057.6 million as of December 31, 2023. Our working capital decreased primarily as a result of lower cash on hand, due to the Company prioritizing debt reduction and using excess cash to do so. 
 
 The following table presents selected financial information and statistics as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and Cash Equivalents 458.6 574.0 Trade Receivables, Net 855.8 921.6 Inventories 1,324.5 1,274.2 Working Capital 1,746.9 2,057.6 Current Ratio 2.4:1 2.6:1 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, 433.8 million of our cash was held by foreign subsidiaries and could be used in our domestic operations if necessary. We anticipate being able to support our liquidity and operating needs largely through cash generated from operations. We regularly assess our cash needs and the available sources to fund these needs which includes repatriation of foreign earnings which may be subject to withholding taxes. Under current law, we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the United States to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or the results of operations for the foreseeable future. As of September 30, 2024, we have repatriated approximately 636.5 million of foreign cash in 2024 to support the repayment of debt. We are continuing to evaluate opportunities to repatriate additional foreign cash in 2024. 
 
 We will, from time to time, maintain excess cash balances which may be used to (i) fund operations, (ii) repay outstanding debt, (iii) fund acquisitions, (iv) pay dividends, (v) make investments in new product development programs, (vi) repurchase our common stock, or (vii) fund other corporate objectives. 
 
 In May 2024, the Company completed transactions to exchange the unregistered Senior Notes for the registered New Notes, which are described within Note 7 - Debt and Bank Credit Facilities. 
 
 The Company plans to use cash generated from operations to fund its interest obligations and reduce the principal balance of its debt over time. The Company also plans to use the net proceeds from the sale of its industrial motors and generators businesses to repay outstanding debt. 

45 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no standby letters of credit issued under the Multicurrency Revolver Facility, and 1,536.2 million of available borrowing capacity. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 under the Multicurrency Revolving Facility, the average daily balance in borrowings was 70.8 million and 123.9 million, respectively, and the weighted average interest rate was 7.2 and 7.2 , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 under the Multicurrency Revolving Facility, the average daily balance in borrowings was 78.9 million and 320.0 million, respectively, and the weighted average interest rate was 7.2 and 6.6 , respectively. The Company pays a non-use fee on the aggregate unused amount of the Multicurrency Revolving Facility at a rate determined by reference to its consolidated funded debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. 
 
 See Note 7 - Debt and Bank Credit Facilities and Note 3 Held for Sale, Acquisitions and Divestitures for more information. 

Guarantor Information 
 
 Regal Rexnord Corporation (the Parent is the issuer of the Senior Notes and the New Notes, which are guaranteed by each of its direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries that is a borrower or guarantor under the Credit Agreement (the Guarantor Subsidiaries and, each, a Guarantor Subsidiary ). The Senior Notes and the New Notes are jointly and severally unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor Subsidiaries. The guarantees are subject to release in limited circumstances upon the occurrence of certain customary conditions. For example, a Guarantor Subsidiary may be released from its guarantee of the Senior Notes and the New Notes under certain circumstances, including following the Parent achieving certain corporate or similar credit ratings. In addition, the guarantee of a Guarantor Subsidiary will automatically terminate under certain circumstances, including if such Guarantor Subsidiary is permanently released from its guarantee of, and is not a borrower under, the Credit Agreement. 
 
 If any of the Parent s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Senior Notes and the New Notes (the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries becomes insolvent, liquidates, reorganizes, dissolves or otherwise winds up, holders of its indebtedness and its trade creditors generally will be entitled to payment on their claims from the assets of such subsidiary before any of those assets would be made available to the Parent or any Guarantor Subsidiary. Consequently, the claims of holders of the Senior Notes and the New Notes are structurally subordinated to all of the existing and future liabilities, including trade payables, of the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 
 The following tables set forth financial information attributable to the Parent and the Guarantor Subsidiaries (collectively the Obligor Group ). The financial information of the Obligor Group is presented on a combined basis, excluding intercompany balances and transactions between entities in the Obligor Group which have been eliminated. The financial information of the Obligor Group excludes equity investments in, and equity income or loss from, subsidiaries that are not in the Obligor Group. Material amounts due from, due to, and transactions with Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries which are included in the condensed financial information of the Obligor Group are presented with each table. 
 
 The following table sets forth summarized balance sheet information of the Obligor Group as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The December 31, 2023 balance sheet information includes balances of the industrial motors and generators businesses which were classified as held for sale in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at that time: 
 September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 Total Current Assets 1,223.6 1,285.0 Goodwill 4,220.9 4,262.6 Intangible Assets, Net of Amortization 2,229.7 2,374.0 Other Noncurrent Assets 1,029.3 1,062.8 Total Assets 7,479.9 7,699.4 Total Current Liabilities 662.7 697.0 Long-Term Debt 5,629.2 6,351.3 Other Noncurrent Liabilities 3,868.2 4,246.1 Total Liabilities 9,497.4 10,597.4 Due from Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 531.1 526.4 Due to Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 3,244.1 3,453.1 
 
 The following table sets forth summarized income statement information of the Obligor Group for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

46 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Net Sales 2,503.9 Gross Profit 958.8 Income from Operations 214.1 Interest Expense 423.7 Net Loss (213.8) Net Loss Attributable to Regal Rexnord Corporation (213.8) Net Sales to Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 195.5 Interest Expense Due to Non-Guarantors 125.0 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our critical accounting policies and estimates, which are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, have not materially changed since that report was filed. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to market risk relating to our operations due to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices of purchased raw materials. We manage the exposure to these risks through a combination of normal operating and financing activities and derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps, commodity cash flow hedges and foreign currency forward exchange contracts. All hedging transactions are authorized and executed pursuant to clearly defined policies and procedures, which prohibit the use of financial instruments for speculative purposes. 
 
 Generally, hedges are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value and are accounted for as cash flow hedges, with changes in fair value recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) AOCI in each accounting period. An ineffective portion of the hedges' change in fair value, if any, is recorded in earnings in the period of change. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk on certain of our outstanding debt obligations used to finance our operations and acquisitions. Loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest at variable rates plus a margin, based on our consolidated net leverage ratio. As of September 30, 2024, excluding the impact of interest rate swaps, we had 4,795.9 million of fixed rate debt and 908.8 million of variable rate debt. We utilize interest rate swaps to manage fluctuations in cash flows resulting from exposure to interest rate risk on forecasted variable rate interest payments. 
 
 Our variable rate debt exposes us to fluctuations in required interest payments due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 10 change in our weighted average borrowing rate on outstanding variable rate debt as of September 30, 2024 would resul t in a 5.0 million change in after-tax annualized earnings. We entered into two forward starting pay fixed/receive floating non-amortizing interest rate swaps in June 2020, with a total notional amount of 250.0 million to manage fluctuations in cash flows from interest rate risk related to variable rate interest. These swaps were terminated in March 2022 upon closing the Credit Agreement. The cash proceeds of 16.2 million received to settle the terminated swaps is being recognized into interest expense via the effective interest rate method through July 2025 when the terminated swaps were scheduled to expire. We also entered into two forward starting pay fixed/receive floating non-amortizing interest rate swaps in May 2022, with a total notional amount of 250.0 million to manage fluctuations in cash flows from interest rate risk related to variable rate interest. Upon inception, the swaps were designated as a cash flow hedges against forecasted interest payments with gains and losses, net of tax, measured on an ongoing basis, recorded in AOCI. 
 
 Details regarding the instruments as of September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 Instrument Notional Amount Maturity Rate Paid Rate Received Fair Value Swap 250.0 March 2027 3.0 SOFR (3 Month) 1.8 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, an interest rate swap asset of 1.8 million and 5.3 million, respectively, was included in Other Noncurrent Assets. There was an unrealized gain of 4.6 million (a 3.2 million gain on the terminated 

47 

swaps and a 1.4 million gain on the active swaps) and 10.6 million, net of tax, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, that was recorded in AOCI for the effective portion of the hedges. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These risks include the translation of local currency balances of foreign subsidiaries, intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries and transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Our objective is to minimize our exposure to these risks through a combination of normal operating activities and the utilization of foreign currency exchange contracts to manage our exposure on the forecasted transactions denominated in currencies other than the applicable functional currency. Contracts are executed with credit worthy banks and are denominated in currencies of major industrial countries. We do not hedge our exposure to the translation of reported results of foreign subsidiaries from local currency to United States dollars. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, derivative currency assets (liabilities) of 3.2 million, (7.2) million and (0.1) million are recorded in Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets, Other Accrued Expenses and Other Noncurrent Liabilities, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, derivative currency assets (liabilities) of 14.4 million, 0.2 million and (6.9) million, are recorded in Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets, Other Noncurrent Assets and Other Accrued Expenses, respectively. The unrealized loss on the effective portions of the hedges of 4.2 million net of tax, and unrealized gain on the effective portions of the hedges of 9.3 million net of tax, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively, were recorded in AOCI. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 1.4 million and 10.2 million, respectively, net of tax, currency gains on closed hedge instruments in AOCI that will be realized in earnings when the hedged items impact earnings. 
 
 The following table quantifies the outstanding foreign exchange contracts intended to hedge non-US dollar denominated receivables and payables and the corresponding impact on the value of these instruments assuming a hypothetical 10 appreciation/depreciation of their counter currency on September 30, 2024 : 
 Gain (Loss) From Currency Notional Amount Fair Value 10 Appreciation of Counter Currency 10 Depreciation of Counter Currency Chinese Renminbi 405.2 0.4 40.5 (40.5) Mexican Peso 295.0 (6.1) 29.5 (29.5) Euro 573.9 1.7 57.4 (57.4) Indian Rupee 36.2 0.1 3.6 (3.6) British Pound 3.5 0.4 (0.4) 
 Gains and losses indicated in the sensitivity analysis would be offset by gains and losses on the underlying forecasted non-US dollar denominated cash flows. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We periodically enter into commodity hedging transactions to reduce the impact of changing prices for certain commodities such as copper and aluminum based upon forecasted purchases of such commodities. The contract terms of commodity hedge instruments generally mirror those of the hedged item, providing a high degree of risk reduction and correlation. 
 
 Derivative commodity assets (liabilities) of 2.3 million, 0.4 million and (1.6) million were recorded in Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets, Other Noncurrent Assets and Other Accrued Expenses, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. Derivative commodity assets (liabilities) of 1.0 million, 0.1 million and (0.6) million were recorded in Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets, Other Noncurrent Assets and Other Accrued Expenses, respectively as of December 31, 2023. The unrealized gain on the effective portion of the hedges of 0.8 million net of tax and the unrealized gain on the effective portion of the hedges of 0.3 million net of tax, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, was recorded in AOCI. As of September 30, 2024, we had 0.3 million derivative commodity losses on closed hedge instruments. As of December 31, 2023, we had 1.6 million, net of tax, derivative commodity losses on closed hedge instruments in AOCI that were realized in earnings when the hedged items impacted earnings. 

48 

The following table quantifies the outstanding commodity contracts intended to hedge raw material commodity prices and the corresponding impact on the value of these instruments assuming a hypothetical 10 appreciation/depreciation of their prices on September 30, 2024 : 
 Gain (Loss) From Commodity Notional Amount Fair Value 10 Appreciation of Commodity Prices 10 Depreciation of Commodity Prices Copper 58.1 1.1 5.8 (5.8) Aluminum 0.3 
 Gains and losses indicated in the sensitivity analysis would be offset by the actual prices of the commodities. 
 
 The net AOCI hedging component balance consists of 2.3 million of gains as of September 30, 2024 which includes 0.6 million of net current deferred gains that are expected to be realized in the next twelve months. The gain/loss reclassified from AOCI into earnings on such derivatives will be recognized in the same period in which the related item affects earnings. 
 
 Counterparty Risk 
 
 We are exposed to credit losses in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to various financial agreements, including our interest rate swap agreements, foreign currency exchange contracts and commodity hedging transactions. We manage exposure to counterparty credit risk by limiting our counterparties to major international banks and financial institutions meeting established credit guidelines and continually monitoring their compliance with the credit guidelines. We do not obtain collateral or other security to support financial instruments subject to credit risk. We do not anticipate non-performance by our counterparties, but cannot provide assurances. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that (a) information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and (b) information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 There have been no material changes in the legal matters described in Part I, Item 3 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. See also Note 12 - Contingencies for more information. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business and financial results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties have not changed materially from those reported in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 

49 

December 31, 2023 , which is incorporated herein by reference. For additional information regarding risks and uncertainties facing the Company, please also see the information provided under the header "Cautionary Statement" contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 The following table contains detail related to the repurchase of our common stock based on the date of trade during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 2024 Fiscal Month Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Value of Shares Purchased as a Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Value of Shares that May be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs Jul 1 to Jul 31 194,963,843 Aug 1 to Aug 30 208,252 150.62 31,367,841 163,596,002 Sep 1 to Sep 30 124,187 150.09 18,638,782 144,957,220 332,439 50,006,623 
 
 (1) At a meeting of the Board of Directors on October 26, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors approved the authorization to purchase up to 500.0 million of shares under the Company's share repurchase program. The authorization has no expiration date. 
 (2) During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased 332,439 shares or 50.0 million in shares pursuant to the October 26, 2021 repurchase authorization. 
 
 Equity Incentive Plans 
 
 Under our equity incentive plans, participants may pay the exercise price or satisfy all or a portion of the federal, state and local withholding tax obligations arising in connection with plan awards by electing to (a) have the Company withhold shares of common stock otherwise issuable under the award, (b) tender back shares received in connection with such award or (c) deliver other previously owned shares of common stock, in each case having a value equal to the exercise price or the amount to be withheld. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During our last quarter, no director or officer of the Company, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

50 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 22 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries of Guaranteed Securities. 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Regal Rexnord Corporation, effective July 24, 2024. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Regal Rexnord Corporation's Form 8-K, filed on July 30, 2024] 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

51 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 REGAL REXNORD CORPORATION 
 (Registrant) 
 /s/ Robert J. Rehard Robert J. Rehard Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: November 5, 2024 
 
 REGAL REXNORD CORPORATION 
 (Registrant) 
 /s/ Alexander P. Scarpelli Alexander P. Scarpelli Senior Vice President Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: November 5, 2024 

52 

<EX-22>
 2
 exhibit2209302410q.htm
 EX-22

Document 

List of Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 The following series of senior unsecured debt securities issued by Regal Rexnord Corporation are jointly and severally unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain of its direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries (the Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 Description 
 6.05 senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Senior Notes 
 6.05 senior notes due 2028 (the 2028 Senior Notes 
 6.30 senior notes due 2030 (the 2030 Senior Notes 
 6.40 senior notes due 2033 (the 2033 Senior Notes 
 
 Guarantor Subsidiary State of Incorporation Regal Beloit America, Inc. Wisconsin Rexnord Industries, LLC Delaware Land Newco, Inc. Delaware Altra Industrial Motion Corp. Delaware American Precision Industries Inc. Delaware Ameridrives International, LLC Delaware AS Motion North America Inc. Delaware Boston Gear LLC Delaware Formsprag LLC Delaware Guardian Couplings LLC Delaware Inertia Dynamics, LLC Delaware Kilian Manufacturing Corporation Delaware Kollmorgen Corporation New York Nook Industries, LLC Nevada PacSci Motion Control, Inc. Massachusetts TB Wood s Corporation Delaware TB Wood s Incorporated Pennsylvania Thomson Industries, Inc. Delaware Thomson Linear LLC Delaware Warner Electric LLC Delaware 

</EX-22>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 rrx-2024930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Louis V. Pinkham, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Regal Rexnord Corporation 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Louis V. Pinkham Louis V. Pinkham Chief Executive Officer 
 Date November 5, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 rrx-2024930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Robert J. Rehard, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Regal Rexnord Corporation 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Robert J. Rehard Robert J. Rehard Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date November 5, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 rrx-2024930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS of the 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Regal Rexnord Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, based on our knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Louis V. Pinkham Louis V. Pinkham Chief Executive Officer 
 
 s Robert J. Rehard Robert J. Rehard Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date November 5, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rbc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rbc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rbc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rbc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rbc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

