<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_2027537_0002027537-24-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2149349</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>164876</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>473273</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>518224</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>504404</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>452370</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0002027537-24-000003.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107133714
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0002027537-24-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002027537
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				992025085
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56667
		FILM NUMBER:		241434521

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212.902.1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0002027537-24-000003.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 gsreft-20240930.htm
 10-Q

gsreft-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number including area code) 
 
 Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 7, 2024, the registrant had common shares outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. 
 Part I . Financial Information 
 2 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 2 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 16 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 16 
 Part I I . Other I nformation 
 17 
 Item 1. 
 Lega l Proceedings 
 17 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securiti es and Use of Proceeds 
 17 
 Item 3. 
 D efaults U pon Senior Securities 
 17 
 Item 4. 
 M ine Safety Disclosures 
 17 
 Item 5. 
 O ther I nformation 
 18 
 Item 6 . 
 Exhibits 
 18 
 SIGNATURES 

1 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 Unaudited 
 September 30, 2024 Assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and Equity Total liabilities 
 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 
 par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock - series T shares, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock - series S shares, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock - series D shares, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock - series I shares, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 Unaudited 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Period from March 27, 2024 (date of initial capitalization) through September 30, 2024 Expenses 
 General and administrative 
 Total expenses 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 
 Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 Unaudited 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock, series T Common Stock, series S Common Stock, series D Common Stock, series I Additional paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at March 27, 2024 (date of initial capitalization) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock, series T Common Stock, series S Common Stock, series D Common Stock, series I Additional paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 Unaudited 
 For the Period from March 27, 2024 (date of initial capitalization) through September 30, 2024 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss 
 ) Net cash used in operating activities 
 ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 investment by an affiliate of the Adviser. 

2. 
 shares of capital stock. Of the total shares of stock authorized, shares are classified as common stock with a par value of per share, of which are classified as series T shares, of which are classified as series S shares, of which are classified as series D shares, and of which are classified as series I shares, and shares are classified as preferred stock with a par value of per share. 
 in shares in its primary offering and up to in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan (the Offering ), pursuant to which it is offering for sale any combination of four series of shares of its common stock, series T shares, series S shares, series D shares and series I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The series of common stock in the Offering have different upfront selling commissions and placement fees and different ongoing distribution fees. The Company will accept purchase orders and hold investors funds in a non-interest bearing escrow account until the Company receives purchase orders for at least of common stock, excluding shares purchased by the Company s Adviser, its affiliates and directors and officers in any combination of purchases of series T shares, series S shares, series D shares and series I shares, provided that the Company will not issue more than one series of shares until it has a class of securities that is registered under the Exchange Act. During the escrow period, the per share purchase price for shares of the Company s common stock will be , plus applicable upfront selling commissions and placement fees. After the close of the escrow period, each series of shares will be sold at the then-current transaction price, which will generally be the prior month s net asset value NAV per share for such series, as calculated monthly, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and placement fees. 
 
 3. 
 6 

million. Organization and offering expenses are not recorded in the accompanying balance sheet because such costs are not the Company s liability until the date on which the escrow is released. When recorded by the Company, organizational expenses will be expensed as incurred, and offering costs will be charged to equity. Any amount due to the Adviser but not paid will be recognized as a liability on the balance sheet. 
 The Adviser has agreed to advance all organization and offering costs other than upfront selling commissions, placement fees and distribution fees on behalf of the Company through the first anniversary of the date on which the Company breaks escrow for the Offering. The Company will reimburse the Adviser for such agreed upon advanced costs ratably over a period commencing on the first anniversary of the date on which the Company breaks escrow for the Offering. 
 
 7 

of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders as of the end of the immediately preceding month). Shares will be repurchased at a price equal to the NAV per share on the applicable repurchase date, which will generally be equal to the Company s prior month s NAV per share, subject to any early repurchase deduction. Subject to certain exceptions, shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at of the transaction price. The Company s board of directors has the right to modify, suspend or terminate the share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders. 
 . 
 
 4. 
 of aggregate NAV represented by the Company s common stock, payable monthly in arrears. In calculating the management fee, the Company will use its NAV before giving effect to accruals for the management fee, performance fee, distribution fees or distributions payable on its shares. The management fee may be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or shares (in a series or multiple series of its choosing). 
 Performance Fee 
 The Adviser may be entitled to a performance fee, which is accrued monthly and payable quarterly (or part thereof that the Advisory Agreement is in effect) in arrears. The performance fee will be equal to of Core Earnings (as defined in the Advisory Agreement) for the immediately preceding quarter, subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on average adjusted capital, equal to per quarter or on an annualized basis. Once Core Earnings in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, the Adviser is entitled to a catch-up fee equal to the amount of Core Earnings in excess of the hurdle rate, until Core Earnings for such quarter equals , or annually, of average adjusted capital. Thereafter, the Adviser is entitled to receive of the Core Earnings. The performance fee may be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or shares (in a series or multiple series of its choosing). 
 8 

commencing on and including the date on which the Company breaks escrow for the Offering, subject to the option to extend the fee waiver in the sole discretion of the Adviser. 
 Expense Reimbursement 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, and subject to certain limitations, the Adviser is entitled to reimbursement of all costs and expenses incurred by it or its affiliates on the Company s behalf, provided that the Adviser is responsible for the expenses related to any and all personnel of the Adviser who provide investment advisory services to the Company pursuant to the Advisory Agreement the Adviser and its affiliates relating to the Company s activities. 
 Placement Agreement 
 In June 2024, the Company entered into a placement agent agreement (the Placement Agent Agreement) for the Offering with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC (in its capacity as placement agent, the "Placement Agent") as a placement agent. The Placement Agent agreed to, among other things, manage the Company s relationships with third-party broker-dealers engaged by the Placement Agent to participate in the distribution of shares of the Company s common stock, which the Company refers to as sub-placement agents or participating broker-dealers, and financial professionals. 
 The Placement Agent is entitled to receive upfront selling commissions of up to , and upfront placement agent fees of , of the transaction price of each series T share sold in the Company s primary offering; however such amounts may vary at certain participating broker-dealers, provided that the sum will not exceed of the transaction price. The Placement Agent is entitled to receive upfront selling commissions of up to of the transaction price of each series S share sold in the primary offering. The Placement Agent may be entitled to receive upfront selling commissions of up to of the transaction price of each series D share sold in the primary offering. upfront selling commissions or placement fees are paid with respect to purchases of series I shares or shares of any series sold pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan. The Placement Agent anticipates that all or a portion of the upfront selling commissions and placement fees will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers. 
 The Company pays the Placement Agent selling commissions over time as distribution fees as follows: 
 per annum of the aggregate NAV of the Company s outstanding series T shares, consisting of a representative distribution fee of per annum, and a dealer distribution fee of per annum. Series T shares sold through certain participating broker-dealers, the representative distribution fee and the dealer distribution fee may be other amounts, provided that the sum of such fees will always equal per annum of the NAV of such shares; 
 per annum of the aggregate NAV of the Company s outstanding series S shares; and 
 per annum of the aggregate NAV of the Company s outstanding series D shares. 
 The Company does pay a distribution fee with respect to outstanding series I shares. 
 Distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Placement Agent pays all or a portion of the distribution fees to participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers, and will rebate distribution fees to the Company to the extent a broker-dealer is not eligible to receive them unless the Placement Agent is serving as the broker-dealer of record with respect to such applicable shares. 
 The Company will cease paying the distribution fee with respect to any series T, series S, or series D shares held in a stockholder's account at the end of the month in which it is determined that the aggregate upfront selling commissions, placement fees and distribution fees paid with respect to such shares equal or exceeds, in aggregate, the limit, if any, and as set forth in the applicable agreement with the participating broker-dealer at the time the shares were issued (the Distribution Fee Limit of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (including the gross proceeds of any shares issued under the distribution reinvestment plan thereto). At the end of such month, each 
 9 

of average NAV at the end of the then-current quarter and the prior calendar quarter (and, in the case of the Company s first quarter, NAV as of such quarter-end) for serving as the Company s transfer agent. The Company will not reimburse the Transfer Agent for its own internal costs in providing transfer agency services to the Company. 
 
 5. 
 
 6. 
 million in non-voting common stock (as described below) in increments of million, at a price per share equal to the Company s most recently determined NAV for the Company s non-voting common stock, or if an NAV has yet to be calculated, then (the Goldman Sachs Investment ). The purchases will be made initially on the date of the initial closing of the Offering and subsequently upon the first date the Company s NAV reaches each of million, million and billion. 
 Goldman Sachs has agreed to hold the shares of non-voting common stock issued in respect of the Goldman Sachs Investment until the earlier of (i) the first date that the Company s NAV reaches billion and (ii) after the initial closing in the Offering. Following such date, Goldman Sachs may request quarterly, with respect to the shares issued in respect of the Goldman Sachs Investment, that the Company repurchases, a number of non-voting common stock in an amount equal to the amount available under the Company s share repurchase plan s quarterly cap, but only after the Company first satisfies repurchase requests from all other common stockholders who have properly submitted a repurchase request for such quarter in accordance with the Company s share repurchase plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for so long as Goldman Sachs acts as adviser, the Company will not effect any Goldman Sachs repurchase during any quarter in which the full amount of all common shares requested to be repurchased by stockholders other than Goldman Sachs under the Company s share repurchase plan is not repurchased or when the Company s share repurchase plan has been suspended. 
 In addition, subject to certain exceptions, at any time after an initial period following the initial closing in the Offering where the Company s common shares owned by Goldman Sachs were to represent or more of the Company s total equity (such percentage referred to herein as the Goldman Sachs Interest ), the Company will repurchase an amount of the Company s common shares from Goldman Sachs as may be necessary to cause the Goldman Sachs Interest to remain equal to or less than of the Company s total equity. 
 10 

shares of the Company s common stock as non-voting common stock, par value per share, as well as make conforming changes to reflect this designation throughout the charter. The voting and non-voting common stock have identical rights, preferences and privileges with the exception that the holders of the non-voting common stock cannot vote their shares on any matter upon which stockholders are entitled to vote. 
 11 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 References herein to Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust, the Company, we, us, or our refer to Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, identified or other similar words or the negatives thereof. These may include our financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions, statements about plans, objectives and expectations with respect to future operations, statements with respect to acquisitions, statements regarding future performance and statements regarding identified but not yet closed acquisitions. Such forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and there are or may be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in such statements. We believe these factors also include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled Risk Factors in our Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, as amended, and any such updated factors included in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this document (or our other filings). Except as otherwise required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 Overview 
 Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc is a newly organized perpetual life, net asset value NAV )-based real estate investment trust REIT formed on March 8, 2024, as a Maryland corporation to originate, acquire and manage a portfolio of commercial real estate loans secured by high-quality assets located in North America (primarily in the United States). The investment objective is to generate current income and attractive risk-adjusted returns by originating senior secured, floating-rate loans, and, to a lesser extent, B Notes and mezzanine loans (collectively, junior loans ), collateralized by real property or ownership interests in real property (collectively Credit Investments ). Our Credit Investments are expected to be diversified across property type and geography, with a focus on multifamily, industrial, student housing, seniors housing, hospitality, retail and other major sectors located in gateway and growth markets. We expect to generate current cash flow by financing real estate assets or portfolios in moderate transition. 
 We are externally managed by our Adviser. Goldman Sachs Co. LLC is also a registered broker-dealer and will act as the Placement Agent for the private offering. The Adviser is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, with personnel responsible for acting on its behalf as a registered investment adviser. 
 We intend to elect to be taxed and to operate in a manner that will allow us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ending December 31, 2025. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to stockholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 12 

Investment Objectives 
 Our investment objectives are to: 
 provide current income in the form of monthly distributions to achieve a stable and attractive distribution yield; 
 preserve and protect invested capital by focusing on high-quality assets, downside risk mitigation and portfolio construction; and 
 provide portfolio diversification for stockholders seeking lower volatility than publicly traded securities and compelling risk-adjusted returns compared to fixed-income alternatives. 
 We cannot assure stockholders that we will achieve our investment objectives. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Investment Strategy 
 Our investment strategy primarily seeks to originate floating-rate senior and, to a lesser extent, junior loans collateralized by real property or ownership interests in real property that we consider to be well located and owned by well capitalized borrowers. We intend to invest across various property types and markets utilizing the expansive Goldman Sachs network and the Adviser s local market expertise. We will seek to invest in loans secured by high-quality assets in gateway and growth markets, including individual assets as well as portfolios. We will make Credit Investments that we believe provide not only an attractive credit profile and attractive risk-adjusted return, but also meet our diversification objectives across product type, geography, and sponsors. Transitional and physical climate market risk will also be actively tracked to ensure assets are well-positioned. We expect the majority of our Credit Investments to be collateralized by core-plus commercial real estate, or those properties that are generally stabilized with a transitional business plan requiring a moderate level of additional investment for lease-up, renovation or repositioning, which we refer to as transitional assets. 
 Acquisitions from Goldman Sachs 
 Warehoused Investments 
 In connection with the commencement of our private offering, Goldman Sachs Asset Management Real Estate expects to source a portfolio of real estate debt investments consistent with our investment strategy which we refer to as the Warehoused Investments that we intend to acquire from Goldman Sachs upon our initial closing and at subsequent closings thereafter as we receive proceeds in our private offering. Unless our affiliate transaction committee approves otherwise (once formed upon the appointment of our independent directors to our board of directors), we expect to pay in connection with each such conveyance an amount equal to (x) the lower of (i) fair value (determined in accordance with our valuation guidelines) of such Warehoused Investment plus accrued interest, less the unamortized original issue discount through the date of settlement and (ii) the cost of the Warehoused Investment to Goldman Sachs plus accrued interest through the date of settlement, and (y) related costs and expenses, including transaction expenses and expenses of conveyance. In addition, once formed, our affiliate transaction committee will be asked to approve the terms of conveyance for each Warehoused Investment as being fair and reasonable to us. We expect that Goldman Sachs will source Warehoused Investments for our subsequent acquisition as capital is raised in our private offering for up to one year after we break escrow in our private offering. As of the date of this Report, no Warehoused Investments have been identified. 
 Other Potential Acquisitions from Goldman Sachs 
 Following the upon the appointment of our independent directors to our board of directors, in accordance with our corporate governance guidelines, any transactions with Goldman Sachs or its affiliates would need to be first approved by a majority of our directors, including a majority of the affiliate transaction committee (which will be comprised of each of our independent directors), not otherwise interested in such transaction as being fair and reasonable to us. Our affiliate transaction committee will be asked to approve the terms of conveyance of each Warehoused Investment. 
 13 

There can be no assurance that the Adviser will identify any assets to acquire from affiliates of Goldman Sachs, that any such transaction will be approved by our independent directors, or that we close on any such transaction even if any are identified and approved. 
 Recent Developments 
 We are not aware of any material trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, other than national economic conditions affecting real estate generally, that may be reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from any real estate debt investments or real estate-related securities acquired or originated, other than those referred to in our Registration Statement on Form 10 and herein. 
 Results of Operations 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in our organizational period and had not commenced principal operations or generated any revenues. Principal operations are expected to commence when common shares are issued in the initial closing of our continuous private offering. We are dependent upon the proceeds from the continuous private offering in order to conduct our investment activities. We intend to make investments with the capital received from the continuous private offering and any indebtedness that we may incur in connection with our investment activities. 
 Our Registration Statement on Form 10 became effective on September 16, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had neither purchased nor contracted to purchase any investments. 
 Net Asset Value 
 We will calculate NAV per share for each class of shares monthly. Our NAV for each class of our shares of common stock is based on the net asset values of our investments (including real estate-related securities), the addition of any other assets (such as cash on hand) and the deduction of any liabilities, including class-specific accruals. 
 Distributions 
 We intend to declare monthly distributions as authorized by our board of directors (or a committee of the board of directors) and to pay such distributions on a monthly basis, which we presently expect to commence during the first full calendar quarter following escrow break in our private offering. In addition, we may pay any additional distribution at any time and in any amount if such distribution is necessary or advisable to maintain our status as a REIT for U.S. income tax purposes and or to avoid any liability for federal (and if, applicable, state) income or excise taxes. Our distribution policy is set by our board of directors and is subject to change based on available cash flows. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We expect to generate cash primarily from (i) the net proceeds of our private offering, (ii) cash flows from our operations, and (iii) any financing arrangements we may enter into in the future. 
 Our primary needs for liquidity and capital resources are to fund our Credit Investments, to make distributions to our stockholders, to repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase plan, to pay our offering and operating fees and expenses and to pay interest on any outstanding indebtedness we may incur. We anticipate our offering and operating fees and expenses will include, among other things, the management fee and the performance fee we will pay to the Adviser, distribution fees we will pay to the Placement Agent, legal, audit and valuation expenses, federal and state filing fees, printing expenses, administrative fees, transfer agent fees, marketing and distribution expenses and fees related to acquiring, financing, appraising and managing our Credit Investments. We do not have any office or personnel expenses as we do not have any employees. We will reimburse our Adviser for certain out-of-pocket expenses in connection with our operations. 
 Our Adviser has agreed to several support measures. Our Adviser has agreed to advance all organization and offering costs other than upfront selling commissions, placement fees and distribution fees on our behalf through the first anniversary of the date on which we break escrow for the private offering. We will reimburse the Adviser for 
 14 

such agreed upon advanced costs ratably over a 60-month period commencing on the first anniversary of the date on which we break escrow for the private offering. As of September 30, 2024, the Adviser and its affiliates have incurred organization and offering expenses on our behalf of approximately 2.2 million. These costs are not our liability until the date on which the escrow is released. The Placement Agent currently intends to pay its expenses without reimbursement from us. In addition, our Adviser has agreed to waive its management fee and performance fee for the first nine months commencing on and including the date on which we break escrow in our private offering. 
 We intend to elect to be taxed and to operate in a manner that will allow us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code commencing with our taxable year ending December 31, 2025. Under the Code, to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute at least 90 of our taxable income subject to certain adjustments and excluding capital gain. However, to the extent that a REIT satisfies this distribution requirement but distributes less than 100 of its taxable income, the REIT may be subject to federal and certain state income taxes on its undistributed taxable income. To maintain our REIT status, we must meet certain tests, for example the nature of its income, assets and organization. REITs are subject to a number of other organizational and operational requirements under the Code. If we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to certain federal income taxes at regular corporate rates and would not be able to qualify as a REIT for four subsequent taxable years. 
 Over time, we generally intend to fund our cash needs for items other than our investments from operations. Our cash needs for investments will be funded primarily from the sale of shares of our common stock and through the assumption or incurrence of debt. Financing a portion of our assets will allow us to broaden our portfolio by increasing the funds available for investment. We may leverage our portfolio by assuming or incurring secured or unsecured investment-level or entity-level debt. We may seek to obtain lines of credit under which we would reserve borrowing capacity. Borrowings under lines of credit may be used not only to repurchase shares, but also to fund debt investments or for any other corporate purpose. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with GAAP involves significant judgments and assumptions and requires estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments will affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements. See Note 3 titled Significant Accounting Policies in the Company s Unaudited Financial Statements and Notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information concerning the Company s significant account policies. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 15 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not required for a small reporting company. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report our disclosure controls and procedures (a) were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms and (b) included, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 16 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 For information regarding factors that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC, as amended. As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Registration Statement on Form 10. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 We are engaged in a continuous private offering of our common shares to accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) made pursuant to the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D thereunder and applicable state securities laws. As of the date of this Report, there have been no sales under the continuous offering. 
 Share Repurchases 
 Effective June 10, 2024, our board of directors adopted a share repurchase plan. Under our share repurchase plan, beginning as of the second full quarter following the first closing in our private offering, stockholders may request, on a quarterly basis that we repurchase all or any portion of their shares of our common stock subject to the limitations of the share repurchase plan. To the extent we choose to repurchase shares in any particular calendar quarter we will only repurchase shares as of the opening of the last calendar day of that quarter (a Repurchase Date ). For a stockholder to have their shares repurchased, their repurchase request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable calendar quarter. Settlements of share repurchases will generally be made within three business days of the Repurchase Date. Repurchase requests received and processed by our transfer agent will be effected at a repurchase price equal to the transaction price on the applicable Repurchase Date (which will generally be equal to our prior month s NAV per share), subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction (as defined in the share repurchase plan). 
 We may repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular quarter to be repurchased under our share repurchase plan, or none at all, in our discretion at any time. In addition, the aggregate NAV of total repurchases (based on the price at which the shares are repurchased) of Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I shares is limited to no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders as of the end of the immediately preceding month). 
 In the event that we determine to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any quarter, shares submitted for repurchase during such quarter will be repurchased on a pro rata basis after we have repurchased all shares for which repurchase has been requested due to death or disability. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share repurchase plan, as applicable. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 17 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 
 Exhibits No. Description 
 3.1 Th ird Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc (the Registrant ), effective as of October 4 , 2024 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on Octob er 4, 202 4 and incorporated by reference herein) 
 3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant, dated of as March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, Commission File No. 000-56667, filed July 16, 2024) 
 4.1 Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, Commission File No. 000-5667, filed July 16, 2024) 
 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement by and among the Registrant and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, dated as of October 4 , 2024 
 10.2 Subscription Agreement, dated October 4, 2024, by and between Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc and GS Fund Holdings, L.L.C. 
 10.5 Amended and Restated Transfer Agency Agreement between the Registrant and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, dated as of September 6, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration statement on Form 10 /A , Commission File No. 000-5667, filed on September 6, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 99.1 Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Plan , dated October 4, 202 4 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited), (ii) Consolidated Statement of Operations (Unaudited), (iii) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited), (v) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited), and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 18 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC (Registrant) November 7, 2024 /s/ Steve Pack Steve Pack 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) November 7, 2024 /s/ Mallika Sinha Mallika Sinha 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 19 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101-secondamendment.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT 
 AMONG 
 GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC 
 AND 
 GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC 

1613486351.4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 
 1. DEFINITIONS 3 
 2. APPOINTMENT 7 
 3. DUTIES OF THE ADVISER 7 
 4. AUTHORITY OF ADVISER. 9 
 5. BANK AND BROKERAGE ACCOUNTS 10 
 6. RECORDS ACCESS 10 
 7. LIMITATIONS ON ACTIVITIES 10 
 8. OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE ADVISER. 10 
 9. RELATIONSHIP WITH DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 12 
 10. COMPENSATION 12 
 11. EXPENSES 14 
 12. OTHER SERVICES 18 
 13. REIMBURSEMENT TO THE ADVISER 18 
 14. NO JOINT VENTURE 18 
 15. TERM OF AGREEMENT 18 
 16. TERMINATION BY THE PARTIES 18 
 17. ASSIGNMENT TO AN AFFILIATE 19 
 18. PAYMENTS TO AND DUTIES OF ADVISER UPON TERMINATION 19 
 19. INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY 19 
 20. INDEMNIFICATION BY ADVISER 20 
 21. NON-SOLICITATION 20 
 22. MISCELLANEOUS 20 

2 
 
 1613486351.4 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT 
 THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of the 4th day of October, 2024 (the Effective Date ), is by and among Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc, a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, a New York limited liability company (the Adviser ). Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 1 below. 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Company intends to qualify as a REIT, and to invest its funds in investments permitted by the terms of Sections 856 through 860 of the Code 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to avail itself of the knowledge, experience, sources of information, advice, assistance and certain facilities available to the Adviser and to have the Adviser undertake the duties and responsibilities hereinafter set forth, on behalf of, and subject to the supervision of, the Board, all as provided herein 
 WHEREAS, the Adviser is willing to undertake to render such services, subject to the supervision of the Board, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth 
 WHEREAS, the parties entered into that certain Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, dated September 6, 2024 and 
 WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend and restate the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties agree as follows 
 1. DEFINITIONS . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the definitions hereinafter indicated 
 Acquisition Expenses shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
 Adjusted Capital means cumulative net proceeds generated from sales of Common Shares (including proceeds from the distribution reinvestment plan) reduced for Distributions from non-liquidating dispositions of its investments paid to Stockholders of Common Shares and amounts paid to Stockholders of Common Shares for share repurchases. 
 Adviser shall mean Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 Adviser Expenses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a). 
 Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
 Affiliate Transaction Committee shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
 Annual Hurdle Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 3 
 
 1613486351.4 

Applicable Hurdle Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 Average Invested Assets shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
 Board shall mean the board of directors of the Company, as of any particular time. 
 Business Day shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Bylaws shall mean the bylaws of the Company, as amended from time to time. 
 Cause shall mean, with respect to the termination of this Agreement, fraud, criminal conduct, willful misconduct or willful or negligent breach of fiduciary duty by the Adviser in connection with performing its duties hereunder. 
 Change of Control shall mean any event (including, without limitation, issue, transfer or other disposition of shares of capital stock of the Company, merger, share exchange or consolidation) after which any person (as that term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing greater than 50 or more of the combined voting power of Company s then outstanding securities, respectively provided, that, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur as a result of any widely distributed offering of the Shares. 
 Charter shall mean the Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed with the Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation in accordance with the Maryland General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time. 
 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Commencement Date shall mean the date on which the Company breaks escrow for its initial private Offering conducted pursuant to Regulation D of the Securities Act. 
 Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. 
 Core Earnings shall mean for the applicable performance measurement period, the net income (loss) attributable to Stockholders of Common Shares, computed in accordance with GAAP, including realized gains (losses) not otherwise included in GAAP net income (loss) and excluding (i) non-cash equity compensation expense, (ii) the Performance Fee, (iii) depreciation and amortization, (iv) any unrealized gains or losses or other non-cash items that are included in net income for the applicable reporting period, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income, (v) one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP, and (vi) certain non-cash adjustments and certain material non-cash income or expense items, in each case following the Governance Date after discussions between the Adviser and the Independent Directors and approved by a majority of the Independent Directors. 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines shall mean the corporate governance guidelines adopted by the Board, as amended from time to time. 
 Director shall mean a member of the Board. 
 Distribution Fee shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 4 
 
 1613486351.4 

Distributions shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. 
 Escrow Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f). 
 Excess Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13. 
 Exchange Act shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Expense Payment Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f). 
 Expense Year shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13. 
 Final Release Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f). 
 Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America from time to time. 
 Goldman Sachs means, collectively, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any Affiliate thereof. 
 Governance Date shall mean the effective date of the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
 GS Commitment shall mean the commitment by Goldman Sachs to purchase from the Company an aggregate amount of 100 million of the Company s Non-Voting Common Shares. 
 Independent Director shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
 Initial Partial-Quarter Performance Measurement Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 Investment Company Act shall mean the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 Investment Guidelines shall mean the investment guidelines adopted by the Board, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Adviser has discretion to acquire and dispose of Investments for the Company without the prior approval of the Board. 
 Investments shall mean any investments by the Company directly or indirectly, in Real Property, Real Estate-Related Assets or other assets. 
 Listing shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Management Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a). 
 Mortgage shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 NAV shall mean the net asset value of the Company or its Shares, calculated pursuant to the Valuation Guidelines. 
 5 
 
 1613486351.4 

Net Income shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
 Non-Voting Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Offering shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Organization and Offering Expenses shall mean any and all costs and expenses incurred by the Company and to be paid from the assets of the Company in connection with the formation of the Company and any registered or unregistered Offering, and the marketing and distribution of Shares, including, without limitation, total underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions, costs related to investor and broker-dealer sales meetings, fees and expenses of the underwriters attorneys, expenses for printing, engraving, mailing, salaries of employees while engaged in sales activity, charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees, escrow holders, depositaries, experts, expenses of qualification of the sale of the Shares under federal and state laws, including taxes and fees and accountants and attorneys fees. 
 Other GS Accounts shall mean Goldman Sachs and other investment entities or separate accounts that have been formed, sponsored, advised or managed by Goldman Sachs, whether currently in existence or subsequently established (in each case, including any related successor funds, alternative vehicles, supplemental capital vehicles, surge funds, over-flow funds, co-investment vehicles and other entities formed in connection with Goldman Sachs side-by-side or additional general partner investments with respect thereto). 
 Partial-Year Performance Measurement Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 Performance Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 Person shall mean an individual, corporation, business trust, estate, trust, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other legal entity. 
 Qualifying Income Opinion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f). 
 Real Estate-Related Securities shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Real Estate-Related Assets shall mean any investments by the Company in Mortgages and Real Estate-Related Securities. 
 Real Property shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 REIT shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Securities Act shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Selling Commissions shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Stockholders shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 
 Termination Date shall mean the date of termination of this Agreement or expiration of this Agreement in the event this Agreement is not renewed for an additional term. 
 6 
 
 1613486351.4 

Total Operating Expenses shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
 Treasury Regulations shall mean the Procedures and Administration Regulation promulgated by the U.S. Department of Treasury under the Code, as amended. 
 2 25 Guidelines shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
 Valuation Guidelines shall mean the valuation guidelines adopted by the Board, as amended from time to time. 
 Warehoused Investments shall mean a portfolio of debt investments consistent with the investment strategy of the Company sourced by Goldman Sachs that will be acquired by the Company from Goldman Sachs as proceeds are raised in an Offering. 
 2. APPOINTMENT . The Company hereby appoints the Adviser to serve as its investment adviser on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the Adviser hereby accepts such appointment. By accepting such appointment, the Adviser acknowledges that it has a contractual and fiduciary responsibility to the Company and the Stockholders. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Adviser hereby agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to perform the duties set forth herein, provided that the Company reimburses the Adviser for costs and expenses in accordance with Section 11 hereof. 
 3. DUTIES OF THE ADVISER . Subject to the oversight of the Board and the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the Investment Guidelines) and consistent with the Charter and Bylaws, the Adviser will have plenary authority with respect to the management of the business and affairs of the Company and will be responsible for implementing the investment strategy of the Company. The Adviser will perform (or cause to be performed through one or more of its Affiliates or third parties) such services and activities relating to the selection of investments and rendering investment advice to the Company as may be appropriate or otherwise mutually agreed from time to time, which may include, without limitation 
 (a) serving as an advisor to the Company with respect to the establishment and periodic review of the Investment Guidelines for the Company s investments, financing activities and operations 
 (b) sourcing, evaluating and monitoring the Company s investment opportunities and executing the acquisition, origination, management, financing and disposition of the Company s assets, in accordance with the Company s Investment Guidelines, policies and objectives and limitations, subject to oversight by the Board 
 (c) with respect to prospective acquisitions, originations, purchases, sales, exchanges or other dispositions of Investments, conducting negotiations on the Company s behalf with borrowers, sellers, purchasers, and other counterparties and, if applicable, their respective agents, advisors and representatives, and determining the structure and terms of such transactions 
 (d) providing the Company with portfolio management and other related services 
 (e) serving as the Company s adviser with respect to decisions regarding any of the Company s financings, hedging activities or borrowings undertaken by the Company, including (1) assisting the Company in developing criteria for financing that is specifically tailored to the Company s investment objectives, and (2) advising the Company with respect to obtaining appropriate financing for 
 7 
 
 1613486351.4 

the Investments (which, in accordance with applicable law and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Company s Charter and Bylaws, may include financing by the Adviser or its Affiliates) and (3) negotiating and entering into, on the Company s behalf, financing arrangements (including one or more credit facilities), repurchase agreements, interest rate or currency swap agreements, hedging arrangements, foreign exchange transactions, derivative transactions, and other agreements and instruments required or appropriate in connection with the Company s activities 
 (f) engaging and supervising, on the Company s behalf and at the Company s expense, independent contractors, advisors, consultants, attorneys, accountants, administrators, auditors, appraisers, independent valuation agents, escrow agents and other service providers (which may include Affiliates of the Adviser) that provide various services with respect to the Company, including, without limitation, accounting, investment banking, securities brokerage, mortgage brokerage, credit analysis, risk management services, asset management services, loan servicing, other financial, legal or accounting services, due diligence services, underwriting review services, and all other services (including custody and transfer agent and registrar services) as may be required relating to the Company s activities or investments (or potential investments) 
 (g) coordinating and managing operations of any co-investment interests held by the Company and conducting matters with co-investment partners 
 (h) communicating on the Company s behalf with the holders of any of the Company s equity or debt securities as required to satisfy the reporting and other requirements of any governmental bodies or agencies or trading markets and to maintain effective relations with such holders 
 (i) advising the Company in connection with policy decisions to be made by the Board 
 (j) engaging one or more subadvisors with respect to the management of the Company, including, where appropriate, Affiliates of the Adviser 
 (k) evaluating and recommending to the Board hedging strategies and engaging in hedging activities on the Company s behalf, consistent with the Company s qualification as a REIT and with the Investment Guidelines 
 (l) investing and reinvesting any moneys and securities of the Company (including investing in short-term investments pending investment in other investments, payment of fees, costs and expenses, or payments of dividends or distributions to the Company s stockholders) and advising the Company as to its capital structure and capital raising 
 (m) providing input in connection with the third-party appraisals and valuations obtained pursuant to the Valuation Guidelines 
 (n) monitoring the Company s Investments for events that may be expected to have a material impact on the most recent estimated values 
 (o) monitoring each third-party expert s valuation process to ensure that it complies with the Valuation Guidelines 
 (p) delivering to, or maintain on behalf of, the Company copies of appraisals obtained in connection with its Investments 
 8 
 
 1613486351.4 

(q) placing, or arranging for the placement of, orders of Investments pursuant to the Adviser s investment determinations for the Company either directly with the issuer or with a broker or dealer (including any Affiliated broker or dealer) and 
 (r) performing such other services from time to time in connection with the management of the Company s investment activities as the Board shall reasonably request and or the Adviser shall deem appropriate under the particular circumstances. 
 4. AUTHORITY OF ADVISER. 
 (a) Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including the restrictions included in this Section 4 and in Section 7), and subject to the continuing and exclusive authority of the Board over the management of the Company, the Board (by virtue of its approval of this Agreement and authorization of the execution hereof by the officers of the Company) hereby delegates to the Adviser the authority to take, or cause to be taken, any and all actions and to execute and deliver any and all agreements, certificates, assignments, instruments or other documents and to do any and all things that, in the judgment of the Adviser, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the Adviser s duties described in Section 3, including the making of any Investment that fits within the Company s investment objectives, strategy and guidelines, policies and limitations and within the discretionary limits and authority as granted to the Adviser from time to time by the Board. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Investment that does not fit within the Investment Guidelines will require the prior approval of the Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board, as the case may be. Except as otherwise set forth herein, in the Investment Guidelines or in the Charter, any Investment that fits within the Investment Guidelines may be made by the Adviser on the Company s behalf without the prior approval of the Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board. 
 (c) Following the Governance Date, the prior approval of a majority of the Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction will be required for each transaction to which the Adviser or its Affiliates is a party. 
 (d) Following the Governance Date, the Board will review the Investment Guidelines with sufficient frequency and at least annually and may, at any time upon the giving of notice to the Adviser, amend the Investment Guidelines provided , however , that such modification or revocation shall be effective upon receipt by the Adviser or such later date as is specified by the Board and included in the notice provided to the Adviser and such modification or revocation shall not be applicable to investment transactions to which the Adviser has committed the Company prior to the date of receipt by the Adviser of such notification, or if later, the effective date of such modification or revocation specified by the Board. 
 (e) The Adviser may retain, for and on behalf, and at the sole cost and expense, of the Company, such services as the Adviser deems necessary or advisable in connection with the management and operations of the Company, which may include Affiliates of the Adviser provided, that following the Governance Date, any such services may only be provided by Affiliates to the extent such services are approved by a majority of the Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in such transactions as being fair and reasonable to the Company and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Company than those available from non-Affiliated third parties. In performing its duties under Section 3, the Adviser shall be entitled to rely reasonably on qualified experts and professionals (including, without limitation, accountants, legal counsel and other professional service providers) hired by the Adviser at the Company s sole cost and expense. 
 9 
 
 1613486351.4 

5. BANK AND BROKERAGE ACCOUNTS . The Adviser may establish and maintain one or more bank or brokerage accounts in the name of the Company and any subsidiary thereof and may collect and deposit into any such account or accounts, and disburse from any such account or accounts, any money on behalf of the Company, consistent with the Adviser s authority under this Agreement, provided that no funds shall be commingled with the funds of the Adviser and the Adviser shall from time to time render, upon request by the Board, its audit committee or the auditors of the Company, appropriate accountings of such collections and payments to the Board, its audit committee and the auditors of the Company, as applicable. 
 6. RECORDS ACCESS . The Adviser shall maintain appropriate records of its activities hereunder and make such records available for inspection by the Board and by counsel, auditors and authorized agents of the Company, at any time or from time to time during normal business hours. The Adviser shall at all reasonable times have access to the books and records of the Company. 
 7. LIMITATIONS ON ACTIVITIES . The Adviser shall refrain from any action that, in its sole judgment made in good faith, (i) is not in compliance with the Investment Guidelines, (ii) would adversely and materially affect the qualification of the Company as a REIT under the Code or the Company s status as an entity excluded from investment company status under the Investment Company Act, or (iii) would materially violate any law, rule or regulation of any governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Company or of any exchange on which the securities of the Company may be listed or that would otherwise not be permitted by the Charter or Bylaws. If the Adviser is ordered to take any action by the Board, the Adviser shall seek to notify the Board if it is the Adviser s reasonable judgment that such action would adversely and materially affect such status or violate any such law, rule or regulation or the Charter or Bylaws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Adviser nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable to the Company, the Board, or the Stockholders for any act or omission by the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, except as provided in Section 20 of this Agreement. 
 8. OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE ADVISER. 
 (a) Nothing in this Agreement shall (i) prevent the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees from engaging in other businesses or from rendering services of any kind to any other Person or entity, whether or not the investment objectives or policies of any such other Person or entity are similar to those of the Company, including, without limitation, the sponsoring, closing and or managing of any Other GS Accounts, (ii) in any way bind or restrict the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees from originating loans, buying, selling or trading any securities or commodities for their own accounts or for the account of others for whom the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees may be acting, or (iii) prevent the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees from receiving fees or other compensation or profits from such activities described in this Section 8(a) which shall be for the sole benefit of the Adviser (and or its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees). While information and recommendations supplied to the Company shall, in the Adviser s reasonable and good faith judgment, be appropriate under the circumstances and in light of the investment objectives and policies of the Company, such information and recommendations may be different in certain material respects from the information and recommendations supplied by the Adviser or any Affiliate of the Adviser to others (including, for greater certainty, the Other GS Accounts and their investors, as described more fully in Section 8(b)). 
 (b) The Adviser and the Company acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,(i)Affiliates of the Adviser sponsor, advise and or manage Other GS Accounts and may in the future sponsor, advise and or manage additional Other GS Accounts,(ii) this overlap will from time to time create conflicts of interest and (iii) in certain circumstances investment 
 10 
 
 1613486351.4 

opportunities suitable for the Company will not be presented to the Company and there will be one or more investment opportunities where the Company s participation is restricted. 
 (c) In connection with the services of the Adviser hereunder, the Company and the Board acknowledge and or agree that (i) as part of Goldman Sachs s regular businesses, personnel of the Adviser and its Affiliates may from time to time work on other projects and matters (including with respect to one or more Other GS Accounts), and that conflicts may arise with respect to the allocation of personnel between the Company and one or more Other GS Accounts and or the Adviser and such other Affiliates, (ii) unless prohibited by the Charter, Other GS Accounts may invest, from time to time, in investments in which the Company also invests (including at a different level of an issuer s capital structure e.g ., an investment by an Other GS Account in a mezzanine interest with respect to the same underlying collateral in which the Company owns a secured interest, or vice versa, or in a different tranche of debt with respect to the same underlying collateral in which the Company has an investment) and while Goldman Sachs will seek to resolve any such conflicts in a fair and reasonable manner (subject to any priorities of Other GS Accounts) in accordance with its prevailing policies and procedures with respect to conflicts resolution among Other GS Accounts generally, such transactions are not required to be presented to the Board or any committee thereof for approval (unless otherwise required by the Corporate Governance Guidelines or Investment Guidelines), and there can be no assurance that any conflicts will be resolved in the Company s favor, and (iii) the terms and conditions of the governing agreements of such Other GS Accounts (including with respect to the economic, reporting, and other rights afforded to investors in such Other GS Accounts) are materially different from the terms and conditions applicable to the Company and the Stockholders, and neither the Company nor the Stockholders (in such capacity) shall have the right to receive the benefit of any such different terms applicable to investors in such Other GS Accounts as a result of an investment in the Company or otherwise. The Adviser shall keep the Board reasonably informed on a periodic basis in connection with the foregoing. 
 (d) Following the Governance Date, the Adviser is not permitted to consummate on the Company s behalf any transaction that involves (i) the sale of any investment to or (ii) the acquisition of any investment from Goldman Sachs, any Other GS Account or any of their Affiliates unless such transaction is approved by a majority of the Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, not otherwise interested in such transaction as being fair and reasonable to the Company. In addition, for any acquisition of a Warehoused Investment, unless otherwise approved by a majority of the Independent Directors, the Company s purchase price is expected to be an amount equal to (x) the lower of (i) fair value (determined in accordance with the Valuation Guidelines) of such Warehoused Investment plus accrued interest, less the unamortized original issue discount through the date of settlement and (ii) the cost of the Warehoused Investment to Goldman Sachs plus accrued interest through the date of settlement, and (y) related costs and expenses, including transaction expenses and expenses of conveyance, provided that a majority of the Independent Directors not otherwise interested in the transaction must approve the transaction as being fair and reasonable to the Company. The Adviser will seek to resolve any conflicts of interest in a fair and reasonable manner (subject to any priorities of Other GS Accounts) in accordance with its prevailing policies and procedures with respect to conflicts resolution among Other GS Accounts generally, but only those transactions set forth in this Section 8(d) will be expressly required to be presented for approval to the Independent Directors or any committee thereof (unless otherwise required by the Corporate Governance Guidelines or the Investment Guidelines). 
 (e) For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that neither the Company nor the Board has the authority to determine the salary, bonus or any other compensation paid by the Adviser to any director, officer, member, partner, employee, or stockholder of the Adviser or its Affiliates, including any person who is also a director or officer employee of the Company. 
 11 
 
 1613486351.4 

9. RELATIONSHIP WITH DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS . Subject to Section 7 of this Agreement and to restrictions advisable with respect to the qualification of the Company as a REIT, directors, managers, officers and employees of the Adviser or an Affiliate of the Adviser or any corporate parent of an Affiliate, may serve as a Director or officer of the Company, except that no director, officer or employee of the Adviser or its Affiliates who also is a Director or officer of the Company shall receive any compensation from the Company for serving as a Director or officer other than (a) reasonable reimbursement for travel and related expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board or (b) as otherwise approved by the Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors following the Governance Date. For as long as this Agreement is in effect, the Adviser shall have the right to designate certain individuals (as detailed below) for nomination, subject to the ultimate approval of such nomination by the Board, to the slate of Directors to be voted on by the Stockholders at the Company s annual meeting of Stockholders. All of the individuals so designated may be Affiliated with the Adviser provided that the number of such individuals so designated must constitute less than one half of the Directors on the Board. The Board must also consult with the Adviser in connection with filling any vacancies created by the removal, resignation, retirement or death of any Director who is Affiliated with the Adviser until a successor is elected and qualifies. 
 10. COMPENSATION . 
 (a) The Company will pay the Adviser a management fee (the Management Fee equal to 1.25 of the aggregate NAV of the Company s outstanding Shares per annum payable monthly, before giving effect to any accruals for the Management Fee, the Distribution Fees, the Performance Fee or any Distributions. The Adviser shall receive the Management Fee as compensation for services rendered hereunder, monthly in arrears provided that with the Adviser s consent the Company may defer such payments. The Adviser has agreed to waive the Management Fee for the first nine months commencing on and including the Commencement Date, subject to the option to extend the fee waiver in the sole discretion of the Adviser. 
 (b) The Company will pay the Adviser a performance fee (the Performance Fee ), which is accrued monthly and payable quarterly (or part thereof that this Agreement is in effect) in arrears. Commencing with the calendar quarter representing the fourth full calendar quarter completed after the Commencement Date, the Performance Fee shall be an amount, not less than zero, equal to (i) 12.5 of Core Earnings for the immediately preceding four calendar quarters (each such period, a Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Period ), subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as an annual rate of return on average Adjusted Capital, equal to 5.0 (the Annual Hurdle Rate ), minus (ii) the sum of any Performance Fees paid to the Adviser with respect to the first three calendar quarters in the applicable Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Period. As a result, the Adviser does not earn a Performance Fee for any calendar quarter until Core Earnings for the applicable Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Period exceed the Annual Hurdle Rate. 
 For each of the three full calendar quarters preceding the initial Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Period, the Performance Fee shall be an amount, not less than zero, equal to (i) 12.5 of cumulative Core Earnings for all of the full calendar quarter periods completed since the Commencement Date (each such period, a Partial-Year Performance Measurement Period ), subject to the Applicable Hurdle Rate (as defined below), which is calculated by multiplying 5 by a fraction consisting of (x) a numerator equal to the number of full calendar quarter periods included in the Partial-Year Performance Measurement Period, and (y) a denominator equal to four, minus (ii) the sum of any Performance Fees paid to the Adviser with respect to the prior Partial-Year Performance Measurement Periods. 
 In the event that the period from the Commencement Date through the first calendar quarter end date following such date is shorter than a full calendar quarter (such period, the Initial Partial-Quarter 
 12 
 
 1613486351.4 

Performance Measurement Period ), the Performance Fee for the Initial Partial-Quarter Performance Measurement Period shall be an amount, not less than zero, equal to (i) 12.5 of Core Earnings for the Initial Partial-Quarter Performance Measurement Period, subject to the Applicable Hurdle Rate, which is calculated by multiplying 5 by a fraction consisting of (x) a numerator equal to the number of calendar days included in the Initial Partial-Quarter Performance Measurement Period, and (y) a denominator equal to 365. For the sake of clarity, neither the Core Earnings for, nor the number of calendar days included in, the Initial Partial-Quarter Performance Period, will be factored into the computation of Performance Fees for subsequent Partial-Year Performance Measurement Periods or Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Periods. 
 Once Core Earnings exceed the Applicable Hurdle Rate, the Adviser shall be entitled to a catch-up fee equal to the amount of Core Earnings in excess of the Applicable Hurdle Rate, until Core Earnings for the applicable performance measurement period exceed a percentage of average Adjusted Capital equal to the Applicable Hurdle Rate divided by 0.875 (or 1 minus 0.125) for the applicable performance measurement period. Thereafter, the Advisor shall be entitled to receive 12.5 of Core Earnings. Applicable Hurdle Rate means (i) the Annual Hurdle Rate with respect to a Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Period or (ii) the Annual Hurdle Rate as adjusted above with respect to a Partial-Year Performance Measurement Period and the Initial Partial-Quarter Measurement Period, as applicable. The Performance Fee shall be calculated based on the full Management Fee earned and regardless of whether the Adviser elects to receive such fee in cash or cash equivalent aggregate NAV amounts of Common Shares. The Adviser has agreed to waive the Performance Fee for the first nine months commencing on and including the Commencement Date, subject to the option to extend the fee waiver in the sole discretion of the Adviser. 
 (c) The Management Fee and Performance Fee may be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or cash equivalent aggregate NAV amounts of Common Shares, or any combination thereof. To the extent that (a) the Adviser elects to receive any portion of its Management Fee or Performance Fee in Common Shares (in a series, class or classes of its choosing) or (b) the Adviser or its Affiliates (the GS Parties otherwise acquire Common Shares, then the GS Parties may, subject to certain limitations, elect to have the Company repurchase such Common Shares for cash at a later date at the then-current NAV per Common Share. Common Shares obtained by the GS Parties will not be eligible for repurchase through the Company s share repurchase plan, and therefore are not subject to the repurchase limits of the share repurchase plan or any reduction or penalty for an early repurchase provided, however, that (a) any such repurchase requests from the GS Parties will be honored at the end of a quarter in conjunction with repurchase requests under the Company s share repurchase plan, and (b) following the Governance Date, the Affiliate Transaction Committee must approve all repurchase requests submitted by the GS Parties. The Affiliate Transaction Committee may delegate authority to a member of the Affiliate Transaction Committee to approve repurchase requests submitted by the GS Parties other than those requests that when combined with any stockholder repurchase requests under the Company s share repurchase plan would cause the Company to exceed the 5 quarterly limitation on repurchases. Further, following the Governance Date, the Affiliate Transaction Committee may at any time, in its sole discretion, limit or revoke the rights of the GS Parties to elect repurchase of Common Shares, and stop any pending repurchase as long as it has not been settled. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Common Shares acquired by the GS Parties as a result of the GS Commitment, including pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan, will be subject to the repurchase terms set forth in the subscription agreement between the parties regarding the investment. 
 (d) In the event this Agreement is terminated or its term expires without renewal, the Adviser will be entitled to receive each of its prorated Management Fee and Performance Fee through the date of termination. Such pro ration shall take into account the number of days of any partial calendar month or calendar year for which this Agreement was in effect. 
 13 
 
 1613486351.4 

(e) In the event the Company commences a liquidation of its Investments during any calendar year, the Company will pay the Adviser the Management Fee and the Performance Fee from the proceeds of the liquidation. 
 (f) With respect to any Common Shares held by the Adviser or issuable to it pursuant to this Agreement (collectively, the Adviser Shares ), within six months after a Listing of any class or series of Common Shares, the Adviser and the Company covenant and agree to negotiate in good faith and enter into a registration rights agreement for the Adviser Shares with terms mutually agreeable to the Adviser and the Company. Such registration rights agreement shall be in customary form for agreements of this type entered into by REITs with institutional investors prior to an initial public offering and will provide for (a) a long-form demand registration right exercisable once by the Adviser (b) shelf registration rights so long as Form S-3 is available to the Company (c) piggy-back registration rights and (d) in the event of underwriters cut-backs in relation to a demand registration, a shelf registration or any piggyback registration, the ability of the Company to reduce the number of Adviser Shares to be registered on a pro rata basis with other registering stockholders. If a class or series of Common Shares other than Adviser Shares are Listed, such registration rights agreement shall provide for conversion of Adviser Shares to the Listed class or series of Common Shares based on the relative net asset value per share, determined on a consistent basis, and the registration rights above shall apply to the Common Shares received upon such conversion of Adviser Shares. 
 11. EXPENSES 
 (a) Subject to Sections 4(e) and 11(b), the Adviser shall be responsible for the expenses related to any and all personnel of the Adviser who provide investment advisory services to the Company pursuant to this Agreement (including, without limitation, each of the officers of the Company and any Directors who are also directors, officers or employees of the Adviser or any of its Affiliates), including, without limitation, salaries, bonus and other wages, payroll taxes and the cost of employee benefit plans of such personnel, and costs of insurance with respect to such personnel Adviser Expenses ). 
 (b) In addition to the compensation paid to the Adviser pursuant to Section 10 hereof, the Company shall pay all of its costs and expenses directly or reimburse the Adviser or its Affiliates for costs and expenses of the Adviser and its Affiliates incurred on behalf of the Company, other than Adviser Expenses. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is specifically agreed that the following costs and expenses of the Company are not Adviser Expenses and shall be paid by the Company and shall not be paid by the Adviser or Affiliates of the Adviser 
 (i) Organization and Offering Expenses (acknowledging that Selling Commissions are deducted from Offering proceeds at the time of sale of the Shares) 
 (ii) Acquisition Expenses, subject to limitations set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines following the Governance Date 
 (iii) fees, costs and expenses in connection with the issuance and transaction costs incident to the trading, registering, origination, settling, disposition and financing of the Investments of the Company and its subsidiaries (whether or not consummated), including brokerage commissions, hedging costs, prime brokerage fees, custodial expenses, clearing and settlement charges, and other investment costs fees and expenses actually incurred in connection with the pursuit, making, holding, originating, settling, managing, monitoring or disposing of actual or potential investments 
 14 
 
 1613486351.4 

(iv) the actual cost of goods and services used by the Company and obtained from Persons not Affiliated with the Adviser, including fees paid to administrators, consultants, attorneys, technology providers and other services providers, and brokerage fees paid in connection with the origination, acquisition and or sale of Investments 
 (v) all fees, costs and expenses of legal, tax, administration, accounting, consulting, auditing (including internal audit), finance, administrative, investment banking, capital market, transfer agency, escrow agency, custody, prime brokerage, asset management, data or technology services and other non-investment advisory services rendered to the Company by the Adviser or its Affiliates in compliance with Section 4(e) 
 (vi) all costs, expenses and fees incurred by the Company in connection with the activities, meetings, conferences, symposia or other gatherings related to the Company, its portfolio investments or sector opportunities, as determined by the Adviser (whether or not the associated investment opportunity is consummated by the Company and or by one or more Other GS Accounts), including of representatives of the Company and Other GS Accounts, as well as consulting groups, and industry advisors (including, without limitation, activities such as pipeline vetting, strategic planning for the Company and administrative matters (e.g., meetings with the Adviser), in each case, whether held at Goldman Sachs s offices or elsewhere (in each case, which meetings may or may not include actual and prospective investors of the Company and or of Other GS Accounts and other third-party attendees)) 
 (vii) expenses of acquiring, originating, managing and disposing the Company s Investments, whether payable to an Affiliate of the Adviser or a non-Affiliated Person 
 (viii) the compensation and expenses of the Directors (excluding those directors who are directors, officers or employees of the Adviser) and the cost of liability insurance to indemnify the Company s directors and officers 
 (ix) interest and fees and expenses arising out of borrowings made by the Company, including, but not limited to, costs associated with the establishment and maintenance of any of the Company s credit facilities and the cost of compliance with lender requests, other financing arrangements, or other indebtedness of the Company (including commitment fees, accounting fees, legal fees, closing and other similar costs) or any of the Company s securities offerings 
 (x) expenses connected with communications to holders of the Company s securities or securities of the subsidiaries and other bookkeeping and clerical work necessary in maintaining relations with holders of such securities and in complying with the continuous reporting and other requirements of governmental bodies or agencies, including, without limitation, all costs of preparing and filing required reports with the SEC, the costs payable by the Company to any transfer agent and registrar, expenses in connection with the listing and or trading of the Company s securities on any exchange, the fees payable by the Company to any such exchange in connection with its listing, costs of preparing, printing and mailing the Company s annual report to the Stockholders and proxy materials with respect to any meeting of the Stockholders and any other reports or related statements 
 (xi) the Company s allocable share of costs associated with technology-related expenses, including without limitation, any computer software or hardware, electronic equipment or purchased information technology services from third-party vendors or Affiliates of the Adviser, 
 15 
 
 1613486351.4 

technology service providers and related software hardware utilized in connection with the Company s investment and operational activities 
 (xii) fees, costs and expenses related to obtaining, implementing (including initial onboarding), and maintaining (including licensing and subscription fees and expenses) any credit facility, portfolio, valuation, or other related data monitoring and or reporting software for the Company and its subsidiaries obtained from Persons not affiliated with the Adviser (such as, for example, iLevel) 
 (xiii) the Company s allocable share of expenses incurred by managers, officers, personnel and agents of the Adviser for travel on the Company s behalf and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with the origination, acquisition, financing, refinancing, sale or other disposition of an Investment 
 (xiv) the costs of any litigation involving the Company or its assets and the amount of any judgments or settlements paid in connection therewith, directors and officers, liability or other insurance and indemnification or extraordinary expense or liability relating to the affairs of the Company 
 (xv) all taxes and statutory, regulatory or license fees or other governmental charges 
 (xvi) all insurance costs (which insurance premiums may cover Other GS Accounts in which case the insurance premiums will be allocated amongst the Company and Other GS Accounts) incurred in connection with the operation of the Company s business except for the costs attributable to the insurance that the Adviser elects to carry for itself and its personnel 
 (xvii) expenses connected with the payments of interest, dividends or distributions in cash or any other form authorized or caused to be made by the Board to or on account of holders of the Company s securities, including, without limitation, in connection with any distribution reinvestment plan 
 (xviii) expenses related to hedging strategies incurred in connection with the Company s operations 
 (xix) expenses related to compliance by the Company with any applicable law, rule or directive or any other regulatory requirement, including, without limitation, costs, expenses and fees incurred in connection with establishing, implementing, monitoring and or measuring the impact of any ESG policies and programs with respect to the Company or its Investments or prospective Investments, including without limitation all fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with reporting on such ESG policies and programs or otherwise evaluating the Company or its Investments or prospective Investments achievement of any ESG objectives 
 (xx) any judgment or settlement of pending or threatened proceedings (whether civil, criminal or otherwise) against the Company, or against any Director or officer of the Company or in his or her capacity as such for which the Company is required to indemnify such Director or officer by any court or governmental agency 
 (xxi) legal costs and expenses associated with indemnity, litigation, claims, and settlements 
 16 
 
 1613486351.4 

(xxii) expenses incurred in connection with the formation, organization, continuation, liquidation and or restructuring of any corporation, partnership, or other entity through which the Company s investments are made or in which any such entity invests and 
 (xxiii) expenses incurred related to industry association memberships or attending industry conferences on behalf of the Company. 
 (c) The Adviser may, at its option, elect not to seek reimbursement for certain expenses during a given period, which determination shall not be deemed to construe a waiver of reimbursement for similar expenses in future periods. 
 (d) Any reimbursement payments owed by the Company to the Adviser may be offset by the Adviser against amounts due to the Company from the Adviser. Cost and expense reimbursement to the Adviser shall be subject to adjustment at the end of each calendar year in connection with the annual audit of the Company. 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser shall pay for all Organization and Offering Expenses (other than Selling Commissions and Distribution Fees) incurred prior to the first anniversary of the Commencement Date. All Organization and Offering Expenses paid by the Adviser pursuant to this Section 11(e) shall be reimbursed by the Company to the Adviser in 60 equal monthly installments commencing with the first month following the first anniversary of the Commencement Date. 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount of expenses paid by the Adviser pursuant to this Section 11 shall not exceed an amount (the Expense Payment Cap that would (A) together with any other gross income of the Company for such year that is not described in Section 856(c)(2) of the Code, exceed 5 of the gross income (as determined for purposes of Code Section 856(c)(2)) of the Company for such year, or (B) together with any other gross income of the Company for such year that is not described in Section 856(c)(3) of the Code, exceed 25 of the gross income (as determined for purposes of Section 856(c)(3) of the Code) of the Company, whichever of clauses (A) or (B) is more restrictive, and assuming for purposes of determining the Expense Payment Cap that the expenses paid by the Adviser constitute gross income to the Company not described in Sections 856(c)(2) and 856(c)(3) of the Code. The Company and the Adviser acknowledge and agree that providing for the Expense Payment Cap is intended to ensure that the Adviser s payment of expenses pursuant to this Section 11, assuming that the payment of such expenses constitutes gross income not described in Sections 856(c)(2) and 856(c)(3) of the Code, together with any other gross income of the Company not described in Sections 856(c)(2) or 856(c)(3) of the Code, as applicable, shall not cause the Company to fail the 95 income test described in Section 856(c)(2) of the Code or the 75 income test described in Section 856(c)(3) of the Code for any taxable year, and the provisions of this Agreement regarding the determination and payment of expenses and the Expense Payment Cap shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intention. In furtherance of the foregoing, on or prior to each date that the Adviser intends to pay an expense pursuant to this Section 11, the Adviser shall deposit the funds for such expenses into a non-interest-bearing escrow account maintained by an escrow agent determined by the Company (the Escrow Account ). The escrow agent shall thereafter cause to be released to the applicable party, as promptly as practicable after the escrow agent receives written instruction from the Company (which may be after the Adviser s intended payment date or at such other times as determined by the Company), an amount that would not cause a violation of the limitations described above, as determined by the Company. If any funds remain in the Escrow Account after the close of the third taxable year following the year in which such funds were deposited in the Escrow Account (the Final Release Date ), the escrow agent shall release such remaining amount to the appropriate party as promptly as practicable thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, prior to the Final Release Date, the Company has received a written and reasoned opinion rendered by a nationally recognized law or accounting firm that the Adviser s payment 
 17 
 
 1613486351.4 

of the relevant expenses should constitute qualifying income for purposes of Code Sections 856(c)(2) and 856(c)(3), or should be excluded from gross income for purposes of such Code sections (a Qualifying Income Opinion ), the Company will be entitled to request the escrow agent release to the appropriate party the relevant funds remaining in the Escrow Account. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Company shall have no right, claim or title to any amount in the Escrow Account. The Company and the Adviser shall bear equally any costs associated with establishing and maintaining the Escrow Account. The parties intend and agree that if (i) the Company has not obtained a Qualifying Income Opinion and (ii) the Expense Payment Cap causes a reduction in the amount of the expenses that would otherwise be paid by the Adviser pursuant to this Section 11 for any calendar year (as determined by the Company), the amount of such reduction shall not be due and payable hereunder and shall not be treated for tax and other applicable purposes as paid by the Adviser or as income to the Company. 
 12. OTHER SERVICES . Should the Board request that the Adviser or any director, officer or employee thereof render services for the Company other than set forth in Section 3, such services shall be separately compensated at such rates and in such amounts as are agreed by the Adviser and Board, and following the Governance Date, subject to the limitations contained in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, and shall not be deemed to be services pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 13. REIMBURSEMENT TO THE ADVISER . Following the Governance Date, commencing upon the earlier to occur of four fiscal quarters after the conveyance to the Company of its first Warehoused Investment, the Company shall not reimburse the Adviser at the end of any fiscal quarter for Total Operating Expenses that in the four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended (the Expense Year exceed (the Excess Amount the greater of 2.0 of Average Invested Assets or 25.0 of Net Income (the 2 25 Guidelines for such four fiscal quarters unless the Independent Directors determine that such Excess Amount was justified, based on such factors that the Independent Directors deem sufficient. If the Independent Directors do not approve such Excess Amount as being so justified, the Adviser shall reimburse the Company the amount by which the Total Operating Expenses exceeded the 2 25 Guidelines. If the Independent Directors determine such Excess Amount was justified and if the Company has a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act, then, within 60 days after the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company for which Total Operating Expenses for the Expense Year exceed the 2 25 Guidelines, the Adviser, at the direction of the Independent Directors, shall cause such fact to be disclosed to the Stockholders in writing (or the Company shall disclose such fact to the Stockholders in the next quarterly report of the Company or by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 60 days of such quarter end), together with an explanation of the factors the Independent Directors considered in determining that such excess was justified. The Company will ensure that such determination will be reflected in the minutes of the meetings of the Board. All figures used in the foregoing computation shall be determined in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. 
 14. NO JOINT VENTURE . The Company, on the one hand, and the Adviser on the other, are not partners or joint venturers with each other, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to make them such partners or joint venturers or impose any liability as such on either of them. 
 15. TERM OF AGREEMENT . This Agreement shall continue in force for a period of one year from June 10, 2024, subject to an unlimited number of successive one-year renewals upon mutual consent of the parties. Following the Governance Date, it will be the duty of the Board to evaluate the performance of the Adviser annually before renewing the Agreement in accordance with the Corporate Governance Guidelines, and each such renewal shall be for a term of no more than one year. 
 16. TERMINATION BY THE PARTIES . This Agreement may be terminated (i) at the option of the Adviser immediately upon a Change of Control of the Company (ii) immediately by the Company for Cause or upon the bankruptcy of the Adviser (iii) following the Governance Date, upon 60 
 18 
 
 1613486351.4 

days written notice without Cause or penalty by a majority vote of the Independent Directors or (iv) upon 60 days written notice by the Adviser. The provisions of Sections 18 through 22 survive termination of this Agreement. 
 17. ASSIGNMENT TO AN AFFILIATE . This Agreement may be assigned by the Adviser to an Affiliate of the Adviser with the approval of a majority of the Directors (including, following the Governance Date, a majority of the Independent Directors). The Adviser may assign any rights to receive fees or other payments under this Agreement to any Person without obtaining the consent of the Board. This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Company without the approval of the Adviser, except in the case of an assignment by the Company to a corporation or other organization which is a successor to all of the assets, rights and obligations of the Company, in which case such successor organization shall be bound hereunder and by the terms of said assignment in the same manner as the Company are bound by this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding on successors to the Company resulting from a Change in Control or sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Company, and shall likewise be binding on any successor to the Adviser. 
 18. PAYMENTS TO AND DUTIES OF ADVISER UPON TERMINATION . 
 (a) After the Termination Date, the Adviser shall not be entitled to compensation for further services hereunder except it shall be entitled to receive from the Company within 30 days after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements of expenses and all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Adviser prior to termination of this Agreement, subject to the 2 25 Guidelines to the extent applicable. 
 (b) the Adviser shall promptly upon termination 
 (i) pay over to the Company all money collected and held for the account of the Company pursuant to this Agreement, after deducting any accrued compensation and reimbursement for its expenses to which it is then entitled 
 (ii) deliver to the Board a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board 
 (iii) deliver to the Board all assets, including all Investments, and documents of the Company then in the custody of the Adviser and 
 (iv) cooperate with, and take all commercially reasonable actions requested by, the Company and Board in making an orderly transition of the advisory function, provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Adviser and its Affiliates shall be reimbursed for all internal and third-party expenses incurred in connection with providing such transition (including salaries, benefits and overhead of personnel). 
 19. INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY . The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Adviser and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, partners and employees, from all liability, claims, damages or losses arising in the performance of their duties hereunder, and related expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, to the extent such liability, claims, damages or losses and related expenses are not fully reimbursed by insurance, and to the fullest extent possible without such indemnification being inconsistent with the laws of the State of Maryland or the Charter. 
 19 
 
 1613486351.4 

20. INDEMNIFICATION BY ADVISER . The Adviser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company from contract or other liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses including attorneys fees, to the extent that (i) such liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses are not fully reimbursed by insurance and (ii) are incurred by reason of the Adviser s bad faith, fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties under this Agreement provided , however , that the Adviser shall not be held responsible for any action of the Board in following or declining to follow any advice or recommendation given by the Adviser. 
 21. NON-SOLICITATION . In the event of a termination without Cause of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to Section 16(iii) hereof, for two (2) years after the Termination Date, the Company shall not, without the consent of the Adviser, employ or otherwise retain any employee of the Adviser or any of its Affiliates or any person who has been employed by the Adviser or any of its Affiliates at any time within the two (2) year period immediately preceding the date on which such person commences employment with or is otherwise retained by the Company. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to any damages, the Adviser may be entitled to equitable relief for any violation of this Section 21 by the Company, including, without limitation, injunctive relief. 
 22. MISCELLANEOUS . 
 (a) Notices . Any notice, report or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing unless some other method of giving such notice, report or other communication is required by the Charter, the Bylaws, or accepted by the party to whom it is given, and shall be given by being delivered by hand, by courier or overnight carrier, by registered or certified mail, by electronic mail or posted on a password protected website maintained by the Adviser and for which the Company has received access instructions by electronic mail, when posted, using the contact information set forth herein 
 The Company Goldman Sachs Real Finance Trust Inc 
 200 West Street 
 New York, New York 10282 
 Attention Chief Financial Officer 
 Email mallika.sinha gs.com 
 with required copies to DLA Piper (US) LLP 
 4141 Parklake Ave, Suite 300 
 Raleigh, NC 27516 
 Attention Robert H. Bergdolt 
 Email robert.bergdolt us.dlapiper.com 
 Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc. 
 200 West Street 
 New York, New York 10282 
 Attention Dylan Sherwood and David Plutzer 
 Email dylan.sherwood gs.com and david.plutzer gs.com 
 The Adviser Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
 200 West Street 
 New York, New York 10282 
 Attention Dylan Sherwood, David Plutzer and Mallika Sinha 
 Email dylan.sherwood gs.com, david.plutzer gs.com and mallika.sinha gs.com 
 
 20 
 
 1613486351.4 

with required copies to DLA Piper (US) LLP 
 4141 Parklake Ave, Suite 300 
 Raleigh, NC 27516 
 Attention Robert H. Bergdolt 
 Email robert.bergdolt us.dlapiper.com 
 
 Any party may at any time give notice in writing to the other parties of a change in its address for the purposes of this Section 22(a). 
 (b) Modification . This Agreement shall not be changed, modified, terminated, or discharged, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto, or their respective successors or assignees. 
 (c) Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are independent of and severable from each other, and no provision shall be affected or rendered invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part. 
 (d) Governing Law Exclusive Jurisdiction Jury Trial . The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in Borough of Manhattan, New York for purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding arising from this Agreement, and hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or thereof, that it is not subject thereto or that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in such courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement or any such document may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each of the parties hereby consent to and grant any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the subject matter of any such dispute. EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. 
 (e) Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. 
 (f) Indulgences, No Waivers . Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 
 (g) Gender Number . Words used herein regardless of the number and gender specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context requires. 
 21 
 
 1613486351.4 

(h) Headings . The titles and headings of Sections and Subsections contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and they neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the construction or interpretation hereof. 
 (i) Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law (e.g., www.docusign.com)), or other transmission method. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. 
 (j) Commodity Exchange Act . The Company (i) represents to the Adviser that the Company is a qualified eligible person for purposes of Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act (ii) consents to the Company being an exempt account for purposes of such rule and (iii) acknowledges that the Company has not been furnished with a disclosure document prepared in accordance with Rule 4.31 under the Commodity Exchange Act because no such document is required pursuant to Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS ACCOUNT DOCUMENT. 

signature page follows 
 22 
 
 1613486351.4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date and year first above written. 
 
 Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc By s Mallika Sinha Name Mallika Sinha Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC By s Mallika Sinha Name Mallika Sinha Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement 
 1613486351.4 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exhibit102-subscriptionagr.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
 
 To Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc 200 West Street New York, NY 10282 
 
 Re Subscription Agreement for the Purchase of Non-Voting Common Shares (this Subscription Agreement 

GS Fund Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company GSFH ), or any entity that is controlled by, controls or is under common control with GSFH (collectively, Goldman Sachs ), as of the 4th day of October, 2024, agrees to purchase a number of Non-Voting Common Shares (the Securities of Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc, a Maryland corporation (the Company ), in an aggregate amount equal to 100,000,000 (the Commitment pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Subscription Agreement. 
 
 Goldman Sachs acknowledges that the Company will not register the issuance of the Securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or any state securities laws (the State Acts in reliance upon exemptions from registration contained in the Securities Act and the State Acts, and that the Company relies upon these exemptions, in part, because of Goldman Sachs representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Subscription Agreement. 
 
 The parties hereto represent, warrant and agree as follows 
 
 1. Subject to the provisions below, Goldman Sachs hereby agrees to purchase from the Company a number of Non-Voting Common Shares in an aggregate amount equal to 100,000,000, as follows (i) 25,000,000 on the date of the initial closing (the Initial Closing of the Company s continuous private offering pursuant to the Company s Private Placement Memorandum (as amended and or supplemented from time to time, the Private Placement Memorandum (ii) 25,000,000 upon the first date that the Company s net asset value NAV reaches 500,000,000 (iii) 25,000,000 upon the first date that the Company s NAV reaches 750,000,000 and (iv) 25,000,000 upon the first date that the Company s NAV reaches 1,000,000,000. 
 
 a. The Company shall provide at least five (5) business days, or such shorter period upon the consent of Goldman Sachs, prior notice (each, a Contribution Notice when the Company requires a capital contribution from Goldman Sachs pursuant to this Subscription Agreement (a Capital Contribution ). The Contribution Notice shall include the amount of the Capital Contribution (the Capital Contribution Amount and the date by which such amount shall be paid to the Company (the Contribution Date ). 
 
 b. Goldman Sachs shall make all Capital Contributions pursuant to the terms of this Subscription Agreement in U.S. dollars by wire transfer of immediately available funds on the applicable Contribution Date. 
 
 c. In exchange for each Capital Contribution pursuant to the terms of this Subscription Agreement, the Company shall issue to Goldman Sachs a number of Non-Voting Common Shares equal to the applicable Capital Contribution Amount divided by a share price equal to either (i) if the Company has not yet calculated an NAV per Non-Voting Common Share, a per share price equal to 25.00 or (ii) after the date on which the Company calculates an NAV per Non-Voting Common Share, a per share price equal to the most recently determined NAV per Non-Voting Common Share immediately prior to the Contribution Date, as determined pursuant to the valuation procedures described in the Private Placement Memorandum. 
 
 2. Goldman Sachs hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows 
 
 a. Goldman Sachs has carefully read this Subscription Agreement, will complete the REIT Questionnaire attached as Appendix A hereto, and, to the extent it believes necessary, has discussed with its counsel the representations, warranties and agreements that it makes by signing this Subscription Agreement and acknowledges and agrees to all of the limitations set forth herein relating to the repurchase by the Company of the Securities. 
 1 
 1612703369.6 

b. Goldman Sachs is a legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state, commonwealth or other jurisdiction wherein it was organized or established. Goldman Sachs has all requisite power and authority to purchase the Securities, execute and deliver this Subscription Agreement and to perform all of the obligations required to be performed by Goldman Sachs hereunder, and such purchase and performance will not violate or contravene any law, rule or regulation binding on or applicable to Goldman Sachs or any investment guideline or restriction applicable to Goldman Sachs. The person executing this Subscription Agreement on behalf of Goldman Sachs is duly authorized to do so in the capacity in which such person is executing this Subscription Agreement. This Subscription Agreement and any other documents executed and delivered by Goldman Sachs in connection herewith have been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by Goldman Sachs, and are the legal, valid, and binding obligations of Goldman Sachs, enforceable against Goldman Sachs in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium, and similar laws of general application related to or affecting creditors rights and by general equitable principles. 
 
 c. Goldman Sachs is purchasing the Securities for its own account, with the intention of holding the Securities for investment and with no present intention of dividing or allowing others to participate in this investment or of reselling or otherwise participating, directly or indirectly, in a distribution of the Securities. Goldman Sachs will not make any sale, transfer or other disposition of the Securities without registration under the Securities Act and the State Acts unless an exemption from registration is available under the Securities Act and the State Acts. Goldman Sachs acknowledges that Goldman Sachs and its affiliates have no right to require the Company to seek such registration of the Securities. Goldman Sachs acknowledges that the Company has no obligation to comply with the conditions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or to take any other action necessary in order to make available any exemption for the resale of the Securities without registration. Goldman Sachs further acknowledges that the Securities will be subject to significant restrictions on transferability and ownership as set forth from time to time in the Company s charter. 
 
 d. Goldman Sachs is familiar with the business in which the Company will be engaged, and based upon its knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, it is familiar with the investments of the type that it is agreeing to undertake in this Subscription Agreement. Goldman Sachs is fully aware of the problems and risks involved in making investments of this type and is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such investments. 
 
 e. Goldman Sachs is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the Company or any of its affiliates as investment or tax advice or as a recommendation to purchase the Securities. Goldman Sachs acknowledges that no U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. agency has passed upon the merits or risks of an investment in the Securities or made any finding or determination concerning the fairness or advisability of an investment in the Securities. 
 
 f. Goldman Sachs has such knowledge, skill and experience in business, financial and investment matters that Goldman Sachs is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities and making an informed investment decision with respect thereto. Goldman Sachs has made an independent legal, tax, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities. Goldman Sachs is able to bear the substantial economic risks related to an investment in the Securities for an indefinite period of time, has no need for liquidity in such investment, and can afford a complete loss of such investment. 
 
 g. Goldman Sachs is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act. Goldman Sachs agrees to furnish additional information reasonably requested by the Company to assure compliance with applicable securities laws, rules and regulations in connection with the purchase and sale of the Securities. 
 
 h. Goldman Sachs acknowledges that neither the Company nor any other person offered to sell the Securities by means of, and Goldman Sachs is not investing in the Securities as a result of, any form of general solicitation or advertising, including but not limited to (a) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or (b) any seminar or meeting whose attendees were invited by any general solicitation or general advertising. 
 2 
 1612703369.6 

i Goldman Sachs acknowledges that the Company will not issue physical certificates for the Securities. Instead, the Securities will be recorded on the books and records of the Company or its transfer agent. 
 
 j. Goldman Sachs acknowledges that the representations made by Goldman Sachs herein shall be continuing and must be valid as of each Contribution Date. If there is any material change to the facts or circumstances underlying the representations made by Goldman Sachs herein such that the representations would become false, inaccurate or misleading, Goldman Sachs agrees to notify the Company promptly of such material change. 
 
 3. The Company hereby represents and warrants to Goldman Sachs as follows 
 
 a. The Company is a legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Maryland. The Company has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Subscription Agreement and to perform all of the obligations required to be performed by it hereunder, and such performance will not violate or contravene any law, rule or regulation binding on or applicable to the Company. The person executing this Subscription Agreement on behalf of the Company is duly authorized to do so in the capacity in which such person is executing this Subscription Agreement. This Subscription Agreement and any other documents executed and delivered by the Company in connection herewith have been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by the Company and are the legal, valid, and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium, and similar laws of general application related to or affecting creditors rights and by general equitable principles. 
 
 b. Neither the offer and sale of the Securities nor the execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, this Subscription Agreement will result in a violation or default of, or the imposition of any lien upon any assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to (a) any provision of applicable law, (b) its organizational documents, (c) the organizational documents, each as amended, of any subsidiary of the Company, (d) any agreement or other instrument binding upon the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or (e) any order of any governmental entity, agency or court having jurisdiction over the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or any of its assets, except in the case of clauses (a), (c), (d) and (e) for any such violation, default or lien that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations or the Company s ability to perform its obligations under this Subscription Agreement. 
 
 c. No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration, qualification or filing of or with any governmental entity by the Company is required in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, except such as may be required under the Securities Act or State Acts. No consent, approval, or authorization of any other person is required to be obtained by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, except for any such consent, approval or authorization that would not reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations or the Company s ability to perform its obligations under this Subscription Agreement. 
 
 d. The Securities to be issued pursuant to the terms of this Subscription Agreement will, when issued, paid for and delivered, be duly and validly authorized, issued and delivered and shall be fully paid and non-assessable, and such Securities will be free and clear of all taxes, liens (other than transfer restrictions imposed hereunder, under the Company s charter or by applicable law), preemptive rights, subscription and similar rights. 
 
 e. As of the date hereof, there is no action, suit or proceeding before or by any court or governmental agency or body, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which would have a material adverse effect on or would materially and adversely affect the properties or assets of the Company or which might materially and adversely affect the Company s ability to perform its obligations under this Subscription Agreement. 
 
 f. The Company acknowledges that the representations made by it herein shall be continuing and must be valid as of each Contribution Date. 
 3 
 1612703369.6 

4. The Securities purchased by Goldman Sachs in respect of the Commitment as described herein shall be subject to the following repurchase terms 
 
 a. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 4, Goldman Sachs agrees to hold all of the Securities it receives in respect of the Commitment until the earlier of (i) the first date that the Company s NAV reaches 1.5 billion and (ii) three years after the Initial Closing (such date, the Liquidity Date ). 
 
 b. Following the Liquidity Date, each quarter Goldman Sachs may request to have a number of Securities repurchased by the Company equal to the amount available under the 5 quarterly cap of the Company s share repurchase plan (as amended from time to time, the Share Repurchase Plan after the Company first satisfies repurchase requests from all other common stockholders who have properly submitted a repurchase request for such quarter in accordance with the Share Repurchase Plan (each, a GS Optional Repurchase ). 
 
 c. At any time after an initial one-year period following the Initial Closing when the Company s shares of capital stock owned by Goldman Sachs, together with any such capital stock owned by its affiliates, were to represent 25 or more of the Company s total equity (such percentage referred to herein as the Goldman Sachs Interest ), the Company will automatically and without further action by Goldman Sachs or its affiliates, repurchase an amount of the Company s capital stock from Goldman Sachs and or its affiliates as may be necessary to cause the Goldman Sachs Interest to remain equal to or less than 24.99 (each such repurchase or redemption, a GS Regulatory Repurchase and, collectively with a GS Optional Repurchase, a GS Repurchase ). 
 
 d. The price per Non-Voting Common Share for each GS Repurchase shall be equal to the most recently determined NAV per Non-Voting Common Share as of the repurchase date. Unless otherwise specified by the Company, the NAV per Non-Voting Common Share shall be equal to the NAV per Class I Common Share (as defined in the Company s charter). 
 
 e. The Securities issued in respect of the Commitment are not eligible for repurchase pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan and are not therefore subject to the early repurchase deduction as described therein. 
 
 f. For so long as Goldman Sachs or its affiliate acts as the Company s external adviser, the Company shall not effect any GS Optional Repurchase with respect to any quarter in which either (i) the full amount of all common shares of the Company requested to be repurchased under the Share Repurchase Plan by stockholders other than Goldman Sachs and its affiliates are not repurchased or (ii) the Share Repurchase Plan has been suspended or terminated. 
 
 g. The Company may in its sole discretion determine to suspend repurchases under this Subscription Agreement if it is prohibited from repurchasing the Securities by a legal, contractual or regulatory restriction applicable to it or its affiliates. 
 
 5. Goldman Sachs elects not to participate in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 6. The principal office of Goldman Sachs is at the address shown under its signature on the signature page of this Subscription Agreement. 
 
 7. This Subscription Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions therein. 
 
 8. This Subscription Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter thereof. The provisions of this Subscription Agreement may not be modified or waived except in a writing signed by both parties. 
 
 9. This Subscription Agreement and the rights, powers and duties set forth herein shall, except as set forth herein, bind and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. The parties hereto may not assign any of their respective rights or interests in and under 

4 
 1612703369.6 

this Subscription Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party, and any attempted assignment without such consent shall be void and without effect. 
 
 10. If any part of this Subscription Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, illegal or invalid, the balance of this Subscription Agreement shall remain in effect and unaffected by such unenforceability, illegality or invalidity. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 5 
 1612703369.6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Subscription Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS 
 
 GS FUND HOLDINGS, L.L.C. , 
 a Delaware limited liability corporation 
 By The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., as Manager 
 
 By s Clayton Wilmer 
 Name Clayton Wilmer 
 Title Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Address 200 West Street 
 New York, NY 10282 

Acknowledged by 
 
 THE COMPANY 
 
 GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC 
 a Maryland corporation 

By s Mallika Sinha 
 Name Mallika Sinha 
 Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page to Goldman Sachs Subscription Agreement 
 
 1612703369.6 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311-certificationof.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Steve Pack, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Intentionally omitted 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Steve Pack Steve Pack Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312-certificationof.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mallika Sinha, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Intentionally omitted 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Mallika Sinha 
 Mallika Sinha Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321-certificationof.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steve Pack, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Steve Pack 
 Steve Pack Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 November 7, 2024 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit322-certificationof.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mallika Sinha, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Mallika Sinha 
 Mallika Sinha Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 November 7, 2024 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 8
 exhibit991-amendedandresta.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 
 Exhibit 99.1 

 GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC 
 
 Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Plan 
 
 Effective as of October 4, 2024 
 
 Definitions 
 
 Adviser shall mean Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, in its capacity as the Company s adviser. 
 
 Advisory Agreement shall mean the agreement between the Company and the Adviser pursuant to which the Adviser directs or performs the day-to-day business affairs of the Company. 
 
 Affiliate Transaction Committee shall mean the committee of the board of directors of the Company comprised of all of the Independent Directors (as such term is defined in the Corporate Governance Guidelines of the Company) of the Company. 
 
 Company shall mean Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc, a Maryland corporation. 
 
 GS Commitment shall mean the commitment by an affiliate of the Adviser to purchase from the Company an aggregate amount of 100,000,000 in shares of the Company s non-voting common stock. 
 
 NAV shall mean the net asset value of the Company attributable to its Stockholders or the net asset value of a class or series of its shares, as the context requires, determined in accordance with the Company s Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Guidelines as described in the Company s confidential private placement memorandum. 
 
 Plan shall mean this share repurchase plan of the Company. 
 
 Stockholders shall mean the holders of Company shares. 
 
 Transfer Agent shall mean Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, in its capacity as the Company s transfer agent. 
 
 Transaction Price shall mean the repurchase price per share for each class or series of common stock, which shall be equal to the then-current offering price before applicable upfront selling commissions and placement fees. 
 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 
 Beginning as of the second full calendar quarter following the Company s first closing, stockholders may request that the Company repurchase shares of the Company s common stock through their financial representative or directly with the Company s Transfer Agent. The procedures relating to the repurchase of shares of the Company s common stock are as follows 
 
 Certain broker-dealers require that their clients process repurchases through their broker-dealer, which may impact the time necessary to process such repurchase request, impose more restrictive deadlines than described under this Plan, impact the timing of a Stockholder receiving repurchase proceeds and require different paperwork or process than described in this Plan. Stockholders should contact their broker-dealer first if they want to request the repurchase of their shares. 
 
 Under this Plan, to the extent the Company chooses to repurchase shares in any particular calendar quarter the Company will only repurchase shares as of the opening of the last calendar day of that quarter (a Repurchase Date ). To have shares repurchased, a Stockholder s repurchase request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4 00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable quarter. Settlements of share repurchases will generally be made within three business days of the Repurchase Date. Repurchase requests received and processed by the Company s Transfer 

Agent will be effected at a repurchase price equal to the Transaction Price on the applicable Repurchase Date (which will generally be equal to the Company s prior month s NAV per share), subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 
 A Stockholder may withdraw their repurchase request by notifying the Transfer Agent, directly or through the Stockholder s financial intermediary. Repurchase requests must be cancelled before 4 00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the last business day of the applicable quarter. 
 
 If a repurchase request is received after 4 00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable calendar quarter, the repurchase request will be executed, if at all, on the next quarter s Repurchase Date at the Transaction Price applicable to that month (subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction), unless such request is withdrawn prior to the repurchase. Repurchase requests received and processed by the Company s Transfer Agent on a business day, but after the close of business on that day or on a day that is not a business day, will be deemed received on the next business day. All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of repurchase requests and notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Company, in its sole discretion, and such determination shall be final and binding. 
 
 Repurchase requests may be made by mail or by contacting a financial intermediary, both subject to certain conditions described in this Plan. If making a repurchase request by contacting the Stockholder s financial intermediary, the Stockholder s financial intermediary may require the Stockholder to provide certain documentation or information. If making a repurchase request by mail to the Transfer Agent, the Stockholder must complete and sign a repurchase authorization form, which is available through a Stockholder s financial representative. Written requests should be sent to the Transfer Agent at the following address 
 
 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
 PO Box 219743 
 Kansas City, MO 64121 
 
 Overnight Address 
 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
 430 W 7th Street 
 Suite 219743 
 Kansas City, MO 64105 
 
 Corporate investors and other non-individual entities must have an appropriate certification on file authorizing repurchases. A signature guarantee may be required. 
 
 For processed repurchases, Stockholders may request that repurchase proceeds are to be paid by mailed check provided that the check is mailed to an address on file with the Transfer Agent for at least 30 days. Stockholders should check with their broker-dealer that such payment may be made via check or wire transfer, as further described below. 
 
 Stockholders may also receive repurchase proceeds via wire transfer, provided that wiring instructions for their brokerage account or designated U.S. bank account are provided. For all repurchases paid via wire transfer, the funds will be wired to the account on file with the Transfer Agent or, upon instruction, to another financial institution provided that the Stockholder has made the necessary funds transfer arrangements. The customer service representative can provide detailed instructions on establishing funding arrangements and designating a bank or brokerage account on file. Funds will be wired only to U.S. financial institutions (ACH network members). 
 
 A medallion signature guarantee will be required in certain circumstances described below. A medallion signature guarantee may be obtained from a domestic bank or trust company, broker-dealer, clearing agency, savings association or other financial institution that participates in a medallion program recognized by the Securities Transfer Association. The three recognized medallion programs are the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the Stock Exchanges Medallion Program and the New York 

Stock Exchange, Inc. Medallion Signature Program. Signature guarantees from financial institutions that are not participating in any of these medallion programs will not be accepted. A notary public cannot provide signature guarantees. The Company reserves the right to amend, waive or discontinue this policy at any time and establish other criteria for verifying the authenticity of any repurchase or transaction request. The Company may require a medallion signature guarantee if, among other reasons (1) the amount of the repurchase request is over 500,000 (2) a Stockholder wishes to have repurchase proceeds transferred by wire to an account other than the designated bank or brokerage account on file for at least 30 days or sent to an address other than such Stockholder s address of record for the past 30 days or (3) the Company s Transfer Agent cannot confirm a Stockholder s identity or suspects fraudulent activity. 
 
 If a Stockholder has made multiple purchases of shares of the Company s common stock, any repurchase request will be processed on a first in first out basis unless otherwise requested in the repurchase request. 
 
 Minimum Account Repurchases 
 
 In the event that any Stockholder fails to maintain the minimum balance of 500 of shares of the Company s common stock, the Company may repurchase all of the shares held by that Stockholder at the repurchase price in effect on the date the Company determines that such Stockholder has failed to meet the minimum balance, less any Early Repurchase Deduction (defined below). Minimum account repurchases will apply even in the event that the failure to meet the minimum balance is caused solely by a decline in the Company s NAV. Minimum account repurchases are subject to Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 
 Sources of Funds for Repurchases 
 
 The Company may fund repurchase requests from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of or repayment under the Company s investments, borrowings or offering proceeds, and the Company has no limits on the amounts it may pay from such sources. 
 In an effort to have adequate cash available to support the Plan, the Company may reserve borrowing capacity under a line of credit. The Company could then elect to borrow against this line of credit in part to repurchase shares presented for repurchase during periods when the Company does not have sufficient proceeds from operating cash flows or the sale of shares in its continuous offering to fund all repurchase requests. 
 
 Repurchase Limitations 
 
 The Company may repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular month to be repurchased under this Plan, or none at all, in its discretion at any time . In addition, the aggregate NAV of total repurchases (based on the price at which the shares are repurchased) of Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I shares is limited to no more than 5 of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the aggregate NAV attributable to Stockholders as of the end of the immediately preceding month) . 
 
 In the event that the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any quarter, shares submitted for repurchase during such quarter will be repurchased on a pro rata basis after the Company has repurchased all shares for which repurchase has been requested due to death or disability. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share repurchase plan, as applicable. 
 
 If the Transaction Price for the applicable month is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of the month (or is changed after such date), then no repurchase requests will be accepted for such calendar quarter and Stockholders who wish to have their shares repurchased the following quarter must resubmit their repurchase requests. The Transaction Price for each month will be available via the Company s telephone line at (312) 655-4702 and through the Stockholder s financial representative. 
 
 Should repurchase requests, in the Company s judgment, place an undue burden on the Company s liquidity, adversely affect the Company s operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should the Company otherwise determine that investing its liquid assets in real estate-related investments or other investments rather than repurchasing the Company s shares is in the best interests of the Company as a whole, the 

Company may choose to repurchase fewer shares in any particular quarter than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, the Company s board of directors may make exceptions to, modify, suspend or terminate this Plan if in its reasonable judgment it deems such an action to be in the Company s best interest and the best interest of the Company s Stockholders. Material modifications, including any amendment to the 5 quarterly limitation on repurchases, to and suspensions of the Plan will be promptly disclosed to Stockholders through their financial representatives. In addition, the Company may determine to suspend this Plan due to regulatory changes, changes in law or if the Company becomes aware of undisclosed material information that it believes should be publicly disclosed before shares are repurchased. The Company s board of directors must affirmatively authorize the recommencement of the Plan if it is suspended before Stockholder requests will be considered again. 
 
 Shares obtained by the Adviser or its affiliates are not eligible for repurchase through this Plan and will not be subject to the repurchase limits of this Plan or any early repurchase deduction provided, however, that shares obtained pursuant to the GS Commitment are subject to the repurchase limits, subject to certain exceptions, as set forth in the subscription agreement for the GS Commitment. In addition, repurchase of shares otherwise obtained by the Adviser or its affiliates, including with respect to payment of the management fee or the performance fee is subject to the approval of the Affiliate Transaction Committee as described in the Advisory Agreement. 
 
 Early Repurchase Deduction 
 
 There is no minimum holding period for shares of the Company s common stock and Stockholders can request that the Company repurchase their shares at any time. However, subject to limited exceptions, Class S, Class T, Class D and Class I shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 95 of the Transaction Price (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period is measured as of the first calendar day immediately following the prospective repurchase date. Additionally, Stockholders who have received shares of the Company s common upon conversion of one class of shares into another class may include the period of time such Stockholder held such shares of the original share class for purposes of calculating the holding period for such shares of the Company s common stock. This Early Repurchase Deduction will also generally apply to minimum account repurchases. The Early Repurchase Deduction will not apply to shares acquired through the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 The Company may, from time to time, waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in the following circumstances (subject to the conditions described below) 
 
 repurchases resulting from death or qualifying disability or 
 
 in the event that a Stockholder s shares are repurchased because such Stockholder has failed to maintain the 500 minimum account balance. 
 
 As set forth above, the Company may waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in respect of repurchase of shares resulting from the death or qualifying disability (as such term is defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) of a Stockholder who is a natural person, including shares held by such Stockholder through a trust or an IRA or other retirement or profit-sharing plan, after (i) in the case of death, receiving written notice from the estate of the Stockholder, the recipient of the shares through bequest or inheritance, or, in the case of a trust, the trustee of such trust, who shall have the sole ability to request repurchase on behalf of the trust or (ii) in the case of qualified disability, receiving written notice from such Stockholder, provided that the condition causing the qualifying disability was not pre-existing on the date that the Stockholder became a Stockholder. The Company must receive the written repurchase request within 12 months after the death of the Stockholder, the initial determination of the Stockholder s disability in order for the requesting party to rely on any of the special treatment described above that may be afforded in the event of the death or disability of a Stockholder. In the case of death, such a written request must be accompanied by a certified copy of the official death certificate of the Stockholder. If spouses are joint registered holders of shares, the request to have the shares repurchased may be made if either of the registered holders dies or acquires a qualified disability. If the Stockholder is not a natural person, such as certain trusts or a partnership, corporation or other similar entity, the right to waiver of the Early Repurchase Deduction upon death or disability does not apply. 

Items of Note 
 
 Stockholders will not receive interest on amounts represented by uncashed repurchase checks. 
 
 Under applicable anti-money laundering regulations and other federal regulations, repurchase requests may be suspended, restricted or canceled and the proceeds may be withheld. 
 
 All shares of the Company s common stock requested to be repurchased must be beneficially owned by the Stockholder of record making the request or their estate, heir or beneficiary, or the party requesting the repurchase must be authorized to do so by the Stockholder of record of the shares or their estate, heir or beneficiary, and such shares of common stock must be fully transferable and not subject to any liens or encumbrances. In certain cases, the Company may ask the requesting party to provide evidence satisfactory to the Company that the shares requested for repurchase are not subject to any liens or encumbrances. If the Company determines that a lien exists against the shares, the Company will not be obligated to repurchase any shares subject to the lien. 
 
 IRS regulations require the Company to determine and disclose on Form 1099-B the adjusted cost basis for shares of the Company s stock sold or repurchased. Although there are several available methods for determining the adjusted cost basis, unless a Stockholder elects otherwise, which such Stockholder may do by checking the appropriate box on the repurchase authorization form, the Company will utilize the first-in-first-out method. 
 
 Frequent Trading and Other Policies 
 
 The Company may reject for any reason, or cancel as permitted or required by law, any purchase orders for shares of its common stock. For example, the Company may reject any purchase orders from market timers or investors that, in the Company s opinion, may be disruptive to its operations. 
 In general, Stockholders may request that the Company repurchase their shares of the Company s common stock once every calendar quarter. However, the Company prohibits frequent trading. The Company defines frequent trading as follows 
 
 any Stockholder who requests that the Company repurchase its shares of the Company s common stock within 90 calendar days of the purchase of such shares 
 
 transactions deemed harmful or excessive by the Company (including, but not limited to, patterns of purchases and repurchases), in the Company s sole discretion and 
 
 transactions initiated by financial professionals, among multiple stockholder accounts, that in the aggregate are deemed harmful or excessive. 
 
 The following are excluded when determining whether transactions are excessive 
 
 purchases and requests for repurchase of the Company s shares in the amount of 2,500 or less 
 
 purchases or repurchases initiated by the Company and 
 
 transactions subject to the trading policy of an intermediary that the Company deems materially similar to the Company s policy. 
 
 At the Placement Agent s discretion, upon the first violation of the policy in a calendar year, purchase and repurchase privileges may be suspended for 90 days. Upon a second violation in a calendar year, purchase and repurchase privileges may be suspended for 180 days. On the next business day following the end of the 90 or 180 day suspension, any transaction restrictions placed on a Stockholder may be removed. 
 
 Mail and Telephone Instructions 
 
 The Company and its Transfer Agent will not be responsible for the authenticity of mail or phone instructions or losses, if any, resulting from unauthorized Stockholder transactions if they reasonably believe that such instructions 

were genuine. The Company s Transfer Agent has established reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions are genuine including requiring the Stockholder to provide certain specific identifying information on file and sending written confirmation to Stockholders of record. Stockholders, or their designated custodian or fiduciary, should carefully review such correspondence to ensure that the instructions were properly acted upon. If any discrepancies are noted, the Stockholder, or its agent, should contact their or its financial professional as well as the Company s Transfer Agent in a timely manner, but in no event more than 60 days from receipt of such correspondence. Failure to notify such entities in a timely manner will relieve the Company, its Transfer Agent and the financial professional of any liability with respect to the discrepancy. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 gsreft-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 gsreft-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 gsreft-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 gsreft-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 gsreft-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

