<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1946021_0001929980-24-000549.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3370254</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91906</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>585850</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>783413</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>706204</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1110304</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001929980-24-000549.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114161544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001929980-24-000549
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001946021
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41578
		FILM NUMBER:		241462538

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1412 BROADWAY, 21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1 347-407-265

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1412 BROADWAY, 21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001929980-24-000549.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 hspo_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

hspo_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) N/A (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, consisting of one , one redeemable Warrant, each whole warrant to acquire one Ordinary Share, and one Right to acquire one-tenth of one Ordinary Share The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one The Stock Market LLC Rights, each whole right to acquire one-tenth of The Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (clso 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of the date hereof, there were ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. HORIZON SPACE ACQUISITION I CORP. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I. Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 3 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 29 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 29 Part II Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 30 Item 1A. Risk Factors 30 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 30 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 30 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 30 Item 5. Other Information 30 Item 6. Exhibits 31 Signatures 32 2 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) HORIZON SPACE ACQUISITION I CORP BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) (Audited) Assets Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Investments held in Trust Account Total Assets Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Shareholders' Deficit Current liabilities: Promissory notes Extension loan - related party Working Capital Loan- related party Accounts payable and accrued expenses Total current liabilities Deferred underwriters' discount Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value of and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Shareholders' Deficit: Preference shares, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding Ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (excluding 5,521,640 and 6,337,221 shares subject to possible redemption, respectively) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Shareholders' Deficit Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Shareholders' Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 Table of Contents HORIZON SPACE ACQUISITION I CORP STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Formation and operating costs Loss from operations Other income Interest and dividend income on investments held in Trust Net Income Basic and diluted weighted average redeemable ordinary shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per redeemable ordinary shares Basic and diluted weighted average non-redeemable ordinary shares outstanding Basic and diluted net loss per non-redeemable ordinary share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 Table of Contents HORIZON SPACE ACQUISITION I CORP STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Additional Total Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders' Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of December 31, 2023 (Audited) Accretion of carrying value to redemption value - Net Income - Balance as of March 31, 2024 (Unaudited) Accretion of carrying value to redemption value - Net Income - Balance as of June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) Accretion of carrying value to redemption value - Net Income - Balance as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Additional Total Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders' Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of December 31, 2022 (Audited) Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Net Income - Balance as of March 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Accretion of carrying value to redemption value - Offering cost - Net income - Balance as of June 30, 2023 (Unaudited) Accretion of carrying value to redemption value - Net income - Balance as of September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 5 Table of Contents HORIZON SPACE ACQUISITION I CORP STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Interest and dividend income on investments held in Trust Account Changes in operating assets and liabilities: - Prepaid expenses Non-current prepaid expenses Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net Cash Used in Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Proceeds from sale of investments in the Trust Account Purchase of investments in the Trust Account Monthly extension fee deposited into Trust Account Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Ordinary shares redemption Proceeds from working Capital loan - Related party Proceeds from promissory notes Net Cash Used in Financing Activities Net Change in Cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of year Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Promissory notes - related party in connection with extension Offering costs included in accrued expenses Subsequent accretion of carrying value of public shares to redemption value The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 6 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements units (including units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the Public Units ). Each Public Unit consists of one ordinary share, one redeemable warrant, and one right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share. Each whole redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of per share. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial Business Combination and one year from the date that the registration statement is declared effective and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation, as described in the registration statement. Each ten rights entitle the holder thereof to receive one ordinary share upon the consummation of the Business Combination. The Public Units (including the Public Units sold in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option) were sold at an offering price of per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of on December 27, 2022. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of units (the Private Placement Unit at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Each Private Placement Unit consists of one ordinary share, one whole warrant, and one right. These Private Placement Units are identical to the Public Units, subject to limited exceptions. However, the holders of the Private Placement Units are entitled to registration rights. In addition, the Private Placement Unit and the underlying securities may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned, or sold by the holder until completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company also issued to the underwriter and/or its designees, ordinary shares, or the Representative Shares, upon the consummation of the IPO. The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). The fair value of the 200,000 Representative Shares was approximately or per share. Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting discounts and commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, of other offering costs and 1,046,000 fair value of the 200,000 Representative Shares considered as part of the transaction costs. Following the closing of the IPO and the issuance and the sale of Private Placement Units on December 27, 2022, per Public Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Units in the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Units was placed into a U.S.-based trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Trust Account ), acting as trustee, and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to pay the Company s tax obligations, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Unit that are deposited in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of: . 7 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. , which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants and rights, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination by September 27, 2023 (or up to March 27, 2024 if the Company extends the time needed to complete a Business Combination). On March 22, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the 2024 Extraordinary Meeting where the shareholders of the Company approved various proposals, including to amend its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to provide that the Company has until March 27, 2024 to complete a Business Combination and may elect to extend the period to consummate a Business Combination up to nine times, each by an additional monthly extension (the Monthly Extension ), for a total up to nine months to December 27, 2024. For each Monthly Extension, the Sponsor and/or its designee will deposit for all remaining public shares into the Trust Account (the New Extension Fee and together with the Original Extension Fee, the Extension Fee ). In connection with 2024 Extraordinary Meeting, the Company redeemed a total of ordinary shares and approximately 8.86 million was released from the Trust Account to pay such redeeming shareholders upon the completion of the redemption. From September 2023 to December 2023, an aggregate of Extension Fee had been deposited into the Trust Account, among which was made by the Sponsor and was made by Shenzhen Squirrel Enlivened Media Group Co. Ltd Shenzhen Squirrel ), respectively. The Company issued the Sponsor Extension Note (as defined below) to the Sponsor and three unsecured promissory notes to Shenzhen Squirrel (the Target Extension Notes and together with the Sponsor Extension Note, collectively, the Extension Notes ), respectively, in connection with their payment for the Extension Fees. From January 2024 to September 2024, nine Extension Fee in a total of were deposited into the Trust Account for the public shareholders, which enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by October 27, 2024 (the Extension ). The nine payments of Extension Fee were made by Shenzhen Squirrel, pursuant a non-binding letter of intent entered into by and between the Company and Shenzhen Squirrel on October 17, 2023, in connection with a potential Business Combination with Shenzhen Squirrel, as amended (the LOI ). From January 2024 to September 2024, the Company issued nine Target Extension Notes to Shenzhen Squirrel in connection with the payment of the Extension Fee. On October 23, 2024, an aggregate of of the Extension Fee was deposited into the Trust Account for public shareholders, as a result of which, the Company currently has until November 27, 2024 to consummation its initial Business Combination. The payment of the Extension Fee was made by Shenzhen Squirrel pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below). The Company issued a Target Extension Note, in the aggregate principal amount of dated October 24, 2024 to Shenzhen Squirrel in connection with the payment of the Extension Fee. 8 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements . Going Concern Consideration As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash of and a working capital deficit of . The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the IPO had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of for the Founder Shares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of . The Company s cash and working capital as of September 30, 2024, are not sufficient to complete its planned activities to consummate a Business Combination for the upcoming year. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional conditions also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 9 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements Emerging Growth Company Status Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents and in cash and did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and , respectively, was over the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limit. Furthermore, recent bank failures, non-performance, or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions could impair the ability of one or more of the banks participating in the credit facility from honoring their commitments. Such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 10 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements and of interest and dividend income recognized, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were and of interest and dividend income recognized, respectively. Warrants Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value of and per share, respectively, as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Offering Costs consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the IPO. 11 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Net loss including accretion of carrying value of Redemption value Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Allocation of net income/(loss) Denominators: Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income/ (loss) per share 12 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Allocation of net income/(loss) Denominators: Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income/ (loss) per share Concentration of Credit Risk . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 13 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements 1 Total Income Taxes Recent Accounting Pronouncements Public Units (including Public Units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option). Each Public Unit consists of one ordinary share, one redeemable warrant, and one right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share. Each whole redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of per share. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial Business Combination and one year from the date that the registration statement is declared effective and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation, as described in the registration statement. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the consummation of the Business Combination. The Public Units were sold at an offering price of per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of on December 27, 2022. 14 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements public shares sold as part of the Public Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. The Company s redeemable ordinary share is subject to the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amounts of ordinary shares reflected on the condensed balance sheets are reconciled in the following table. Less: Redemptions Amount transferred to operating account Plus: Subsequent accretion of carrying value to redemption value Monthly extension fees deposited Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 Less: Redemptions Plus: Subsequent accretion of carrying value to redemption value Monthly extension fees deposited Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 Private Placement Shares at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Each Private Placement Unit consists of one ordinary share, one whole warrant, and one right. These Private Placement Units are identical to the Public Units, subject to limited exceptions. However, the holder of the Private Placement Units is entitled to registration rights. In addition, the Private Placement Units and the underlying securities may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until completion of the initial Business Combination. from January through February 2024 and seven payments for the New Extension Fee each in the amount of from March through September 2024, or an aggregate of , into the Trust Account of the Company to extend the deadline for the Company to complete the Business Combination contemplated therein by October 27, 2024. Each Monthly Extension Payment from Shenzhen Squirrel was evidenced by an unsecured promissory note (collectively, the Target Extension Notes issued by the Company to Shenzhen Squirrel. 15 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements At Maturity Date, any overdue amounts shall accrue default interest at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate which is the prevailing short term United States Treasury Bill rate, from the date on which such payment is due until the day on which all sums due are received by Shenzhen Squirrel. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had borrowings of and under the Target Extension Notes from Shenzhen Squirrel, respectively. ordinary shares of a par value of each to the Sponsor. On August 30, 2022, the Sponsor acquired ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for a purchase price of and surrendered ordinary shares for a par value of each. Those shares issuance and cancelation were considered as a recapitalization, which were recorded and presented retroactively. On December 27, 2022, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, so there are no Founder Shares subject to forfeiture. Simultaneously with the effectiveness of the registration statement and prior to the closing of the IPO (including the full exercise of over-allotment option), the Sponsor transferred to the Company s independent directors, Messrs. Angel Colon, Mark Singh, and Rodolfo Jose Gonzalez Caceres, , and Founder Shares, respectively, pursuant to a certain securities transfer agreement (the Securities Transfer Agreement dated September 12, 2022 among the Company, the transferees and the Sponsor. The transfer of the Founders Shares to the Company s independent directors, as described above, is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, share-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the Founder Shares transferred to the Company s independent directors was approximately or per share. Promissory notes Related Party On August 30, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due at the earlier of (1) August 31, 2023 or (2) the date on which the Company consummates an initial public offering of its securities. Total amount of under the Promissory Note was fully repaid upon closing of the IPO on December 27, 2022. This note has been terminated after the repayment. On September 26, 2023, in connection with the payment of the Extension Fee, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of to the Sponsor (the Sponsor Extension Note ). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had borrowings of , under the Sponsor Extension Note from the Sponsor. Working Capital Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, or to extend the Combination Period, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. Any such loans would be on an interest-free basis and would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to the Company upon completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. Up to of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of per unit, at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units issued to the Sponsor. The Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Company s Trust Account, but if the Company does, it will request such lender to provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Trust Account. 16 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements to the Sponsor (the Sponsor Notes, together with the Extension Notes, collectively, the Notes ). The proceeds of the Sponsor Notes, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its initial Business Combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. The Notes bear no interest and are payable in full upon the Maturity Date. The following shall constitute an event of default: (i) a failure to pay the principal within five business days of the Maturity Date; (ii) the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action, (iii) the breach of the Company s obligations thereunder; (iv) any cross defaults; (v) an enforcement proceedings against the Company; and (vi) any unlawfulness and invalidity in connection with the performance of the obligations thereunder, in which case the Notes may be accelerated. The payees of the Notes have the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Notes, in whole or in part, respectively, into the Conversion Units of the Company, each consisting of one ordinary share, one warrant, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon the consummation of a Business Combination. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and borrowings under the working capital loans of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. Representative Shares The Company issued to the underwriter and/or its designees, Representative Shares upon the consummation of the IPO. The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). The fair value of the Representative Shares was approximately or per share. shares, including ordinary shares, par value of per share, and preference shares, par value of per share. On June 14, 2022, the Company issued ordinary shares of a par value of each to the Sponsor. On August 30, 2022, the Sponsor acquired Founder Shares (up to of which were subject to forfeiture) at a price of approximately per share for an aggregate of and surrendered ordinary shares of a par value of each. Those shares issuance and cancelation were considered as a recapitalization, which were recorded and presented retroactively. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on December 27, 2022, no ordinary shares are currently subject to forfeiture. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding and shares subject to possible redemption, respectively. 17 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of the completion of an initial Business Combination and one year from the date that the registration statement is declared effective. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, public warrants were outstanding. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, the Company issued 385,750 private warrants to the Sponsor included in the Private Placement Units. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were private warrants issued and outstanding. The Company will account for warrants as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, based on the specific terms of the warrant agreement. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following the closing of the initial Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Company s ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at the Company s option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, and the Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading -Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants-Anti-dilution Adjustments for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders). if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 18 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. Notes To Financial Statements to the Sponsor. The proceeds of the Sponsor Notes, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its initial Business Combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. On October 23, 2024, an aggregate of of the Extension Fee was deposited into the Trust Account for the public shareholders, which enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one month from October 27, 2024 to November 27, 2024. The payment of the Extension Fee was made by Shenzhen Squirrel pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. The Company issued a Target Extension Note in the aggregate principal amount of to Shenzhen Squirrel in connection with the payment of the Extension Fee on October 24, 2024. 19 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. References to the Company, HSPO, us, our, or we refer to Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements and related notes herein. Overview We are a blank check company formed under the laws of Cayman Island on June 14, 2022, for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO ), our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location. We presently have no revenue, have had losses since inception from incurring formation and operating costs and have had no operations other than identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. We have relied upon the working capital available to us following the consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement (as defined below) to fund our operations, as well as the funds loaned by the Sponsor (as defined below), our officers, directors or their affiliates. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. On December 27, 2022, we consummated the IPO of 6,900,000 units (including 900,000 units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the Public Units ). Each Public Unit consists of one ordinary share, 0.0001 par value per share (the Ordinary Shares ), one redeemable warrant (the Warrant ), each Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, and one right (the Right ), each one Right entitling the holder thereof to exchange for one-tenth of one Ordinary Share upon the completion of our initial business combination. The Public Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 69,000,000. On December 27, 2022, substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private sale (the Private Placement of 385,750 units (the Private Units to the Company s sponsor, Horizon Space Acquisition I Sponsor Corp. (the Sponsor ), at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 3,857,500. The proceeds of 70,207,500 10.175 per Public Unit) in the aggregate from the IPO and the Private Placement, were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders and the underwriters of the IPO with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. Commencing on or about January 26, 2023, the holders of the Public Units may select to separately trade the Ordinary Shares, Warrants, and Rights included in the Public Units. The Ordinary Shares, Warrants, and Rights were traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols HSPO, HSPOW, and HSPOR , respectively. Public Units not separated will continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol HSPOU. 20 Table of Contents Recent Developments Proposed Business Combination Business Combination Agreement On September 16, 2024, HSPO entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Business Combination Agreement with Squirrel Enlivened Technology Co., Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company Squirrel HoldCo ), Squirrel Enlivened International Co., Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Squirrel HoldCo Squirrel Cayman or, upon and following the Reorganization, Parent ), Squirrel Enlivened Overseas Co., Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Squirrel Cayman Merger Sub ). Squirrel HoldCo, through Shenzhen Squirrel Enlivened Media Group Co., Ltd, a limited liability company established under the laws of China Shenzhen Squirrel ), and Squirrel HoldCo s other subsidiaries, is in the business of brand marketing and strategy consulting. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, among other things, (a) Squirrel HoldCo will merge with and into Squirrel Cayman in accordance with the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Cayman Companies Act ), whereupon the separate existence of Squirrel HoldCo will cease, and Squirrel Cayman will be the surviving company (the Reorganization ), and (b) at least one (1) business day after the closing of the Reorganization (the Reorganization Closing ), Merger Sub will merge with and into HSPO in accordance with the Cayman Companies Act, whereupon the separate existence of Merger Sub will cease, and HSPO will be the surviving company (the Merger ). As a result of the Reorganization and the Merger, among other things, (a) all of the issued and outstanding securities of Squirrel HoldCo immediately prior to the filing of the plan of merger with respect to the Reorganization (the Plan of Reorganization to the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands, or such later time as may be specified in the Plan of Reorganization (the Reorganization Effective Time shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled, in exchange for the right of the holders thereof to receive a certain number of securities of Squirrel Cayman as described below, and (b) all of the issued and outstanding securities of HSPO immediately prior to the filing of the plan of merger with respect to the Merger (the Plan of Merger to the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands, or such later time as may be specified in the Plan of Merger (the Merger Effective Time shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled, in exchange for the right of the holders thereof to receive substantially equivalent securities of Parent, in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement and in accordance with the provisions of the Cayman Companies Act and other applicable laws. The Reorganization, the Merger and each of the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement or any of the other relevant transactional documents are collectively referred to as the Business Combination. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, each ordinary share of Squirrel HoldCo, par value 0.0001 per share (the Squirrel HoldCo Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Reorganization Effective Time, subject to certain exceptions, shall be cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive, without interest, such number of the newly issued shares of the ordinary shares of Parent, par value 0.0001 per share (the Parent Ordinary Shares that is equal to a ratio, being equal to a fraction: (A) the numerator of which is 200,000,000 divided by 10.00 per share , and (B) the denominator of which is the total number of Squirrel HoldCo Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Reorganization Effective Time. 21 Table of Contents Related Agreements Sponsor Support Agreement In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, on September 16, 2024, Horizon Space Acquisition I Sponsor Corp., the sponsor of HSPO (the Sponsor entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement with HSPO, Squirrel HoldCo and Squirrel Cayman, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to, among other things, (i) to vote all the ordinary shares (including those underlying the private units) of HSPO (the HSPO Ordinary Shares it holds in favor of each of the shareholder proposals in connection with the Business Combination, (ii) waive its redemption rights with respects to the HSPO Ordinary Shares it held as of the date of the Sponsor Support Agreement (the Sponsor Subject Shares ), and (iii) not to transfer any Sponsor Subject Shares it holds prior to the earlier of the termination of the Business Combination Agreement or the consummation of the Business Combination subject to certain exceptions. The Sponsor has further agreed to enter into the Lock-Up Agreement with Parent immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time. Shareholder Support Agreement In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, on September 16, 2024, HSPO, Squirrel Cayman, Squirrel HoldCo, and Squirrel Enlivened Holdings Co., Ltd, a company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and the controlling shareholder of Squirrel HoldCo Squirrel Holdings BVI ), entered into a Shareholder Support Agreement (the Shareholder Support Agreement ), pursuant to which Squirrel Holdings BVI agreed to, among other things, (i) not to transfer any Squirrel HoldCo Ordinary Shares before the Reorganization Closing, or the newly issued Parent Ordinary Shares upon the conversion of such Squirrel HoldCo Ordinary Shares that Squirrel Holdings BVI will receive in connection with the Reorganization after the Reorganization Closing (collectively, the Shareholder Subject Shares until the Merger Closing without the written consent of other parties thereto subject to certain exceptions, (ii) to vote all the Shareholder Subject Shares in favor of proposals in connection with the Business Combination, and (iii) to vote all the Shareholder Subject Shares against the proposals in connection with other alternative business combinations other than the Business Combination with HSPO. Form of Shareholder Lock-up Agreement Prior to the Merger Effective Time, Parent, the Sponsor and Squirrel Holdings BVI will enter into a lock-up agreement (the Shareholder Lock-Up Agreement ), pursuant to which each of the Sponsor and Squirrel Holdings BVI will agree not to, among other things, transfer any Lock-up Shares (as defined below) during the Lock-up Period (as defined below). The Lock-up Shares means, with respect to Squirrel Holdings BVI, Parent Ordinary Share Squirrel Holdings BVI holds immediately after the Merger Closing, and with respect to the Sponsor, Parent Ordinary Share issuable to the Sponsor and/or its assignees in exchange of the Insider Shares (as defined in the Shareholder Lock-up Agreement) upon the Merger Closing. The Lock-up Period means with respect to 50 of the Lock-up Shares, the period commencing on the date of Merger Closing (the Closing Date and ending on the date that is the earlier to occur of (A) six months after the Closing Date, or (B) the date on which the closing price of each Parent Ordinary Share equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the Closing Date, and with respect to the remaining 50 of the Lock-up Shares the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the date that is six months after the Closing Date. Form of Registration Rights Agreement The Business Combination Agreement contemplates that, prior to the Merger Effective Time, Parent, the Sponsor, and certain other parties thereto will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which Parent will grant certain registration rights with respect to Parent securities held by such holders following the Merger Closing. 22 Table of Contents Form of Warrant Assumption Agreement The Business Combination Agreement contemplates that, immediately prior to or upon the Merger Effective Time, Parent, HSPO and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (the Warrant Agent will enter into an assignment, assumption and amended restated warrant agreement (the Warrant Assumption Agreement ), which amends that certain Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2022, by and between HSPO and the Warrant Agent (as the same may be amended, restated or supplemented, the Existing Warrant Agreement ), pursuant to which (a) HSPO will assign to Parent, and Parent will assume, all of HSPO s right, title and interest in and to the Existing Warrant Agreement, and (b) each whole HSPO warrant shall be modified to no longer entitle the holder to purchase HSPO Ordinary Shares and instead acquire an equal number of Parent Ordinary Shares per HSPO warrant, subject to adjustment as described therein. Nasdaq Noncompliance Letter On October 3, 2024, the Company received a letter (the Letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying that the Company was not in compliance with Listing Rules 5450(a)(2), which requires the Company to have at least 400 shareholders for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market (the Minimum Total Holders Rule ). The Letter is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or trading of the Company s securities on the Nasdaq Global Market. The Letter states that the Company has 45 calendar days (until November 19, 2024) to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Total Holders Rule. If Nasdaq accepts the Company s plan, Nasdaq may grant the Company an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Letter to evidence compliance with the Minimum Total Holders Rule. If Nasdaq does not accept the Company s plan, the Company will have the opportunity to appeal the decision in front of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. The Letter notes that the Company may be eligible to transfer the listing of its securities to the Nasdaq Capital Market, provided that it then satisfies the requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. On October 3, 2024, the Company submitted an application for a transfer from the Nasdaq Global Market to the Nasdaq Capital Market. On November 12, 2024, Nasdaq approved the Company s application to list its ordinary shares, units, warrants and rights on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company s ordinary shares, units, warrants and rights commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening of business on November 14, 2024. Extensions and Extension Notes Pursuant to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Company must (i) consummate a business combination, or (ii) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such business combination and redeem or repurchase 100 of the Company s public shares included as part of the public units issued in the Company s initial public offering, by March 27, 2024, and if the Company does not consummate a business combination by March 27, 2024, it may be extended up to nine times, each by a one-month extension (the Monthly Extension ), for a total of up to nine months to December 27, 2024, without the need for any further approval of the Company s shareholders. For each Monthly Extension, the Sponsor and/or its designee will deposit 60,000 for all remaining public shares into the Trust Account (the Monthly Extension Fee ). Currently, the Company has until November 27, 2024 to complete its initial business combination. From January 2024 to the date hereof, ten Monthly Extension Fees in a total of 620,000 were deposited into the Trust Account for the public shareholders, which enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by November 27, 2024. The payment of the Monthly Extension Fees was made by Shenzhen Squirrel pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. As a result, the Company issued a total of twelve unsecured promissory notes to Shenzhen Squirrel in connection with the payment for the Monthly Extension Fee (the Extension Notes ). Currently, the Company has until November 27, 2024 to consummate its initial business combination. Working Capital Loans On April 12, 2024 and October 8, 2024, the Company issued two unsecured promissory notes in the principal amount of 300,000 and 400,000 to the Sponsor, respectively (such two unsecured promissory notes, the Sponsor Notes, together with the Extension Notes, collectively, the Notes ). The proceeds of the Sponsor Notes, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its initial business combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. 23 Table of Contents The Notes bear no interest and are payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) the consummation of the Company s business combination or (ii) the date of expiry of the term of the Company (the Maturity Date ). The following shall constitute an event of default: (i) a failure to pay the principal within five business days of the Maturity Date; (ii) the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action, (iii) the breach of the Company s obligations thereunder; (iv) any cross defaults; (v) an enforcement proceedings against the Company; and (vi) any unlawfulness and invalidity in connection with the performance of the obligations thereunder, in which case the Notes may be accelerated. The payees of the Sponsor Notes have the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Notes, in whole or in part, respectively, into private units (the Conversion Units of the Company, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, one warrant, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of a business combination, as described in the prospectus of the Company (File No: 333-268578), by providing the Company with written notice of the intention to convert at least two business days prior to the closing of the business combination. The number of Conversion Units to be received by the payees in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to the payees by (y) 10.00. Shenzhen Squirrel has agreed that it will not convert the Extension Notes into the units upon the consummation of the Business Combination. Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our activities from inception through September 30, 2024 involved mainly searching for a suitable target for our initial business combination and to facilitate the consummation of the business combination with Shenzhen Squirrel. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After the IPO, we incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for expenses associated with the search for target opportunities. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net income of 296,392 which consisted of interest and dividend income of 795,738 on investments held in Trust Account which was offset by operating cost of 499,346. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 794,031 which consisted of interest and dividend income of 936,211on investments held in Trust Account which was offset by operating cost of 142,180. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net income of 1,659,067 which consisted of interest and dividend income of 2,461,081 on investments held in Trust Account which was offset by operating cost of 802,014. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 2,250,037 which consisted of interest and dividend income of 2,577,275 on investments held in Trust Account which was offset by operating cost of 327,238. Liquidity and Capital Resources For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 655,112. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 128,169 available for working capital needs. All remaining cash is held in the Trust Account and is generally unavailable for our use, prior to an initial business combination, and is restricted for use either in a business combination or to redeem the ordinary shares. As of September 30, 2024, none of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as described above. We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of the IPO, including the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto, including deferred underwriting commissions of 2,415,000 payable to Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. Network 1 ), the representative of the underwriters of the IPO. To the extent that our share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 24 Table of Contents Over the next 12 months (assuming a business combination is not consummated prior thereto), we will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available to us from The Trust Account is less than we expect as a result of the current interest rate environment, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 128,169 and working capital deficiency of 1,476,824. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a business combination. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the funds loaned from our Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates. In addition, if we are unable to complete a business combination by December 27, 2024 (if extended) (the Combination Period ), our board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of us. There is no assurance that our plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional conditions also raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations As of September 30, 2024, we do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. We are obligated to pay the underwriters a deferred underwriting fees equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO. Upon completion of the business combination, 2,415,000 will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the Trust Account. 25 Table of Contents The founder shares, the Ordinary Shares included in the Private Units, and any Ordinary Shares that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. On October 8, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of 400,000 to the Sponsor (the Sponsor Note ). The proceeds of the Sponsor Note, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its initial business combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. The Sponsor Note bears no interest and are payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) the consummation of the Company s business combination or (ii) the date of expiry of the term of the Company (the Maturity Date ). The following shall constitute an event of default: (i) a failure to pay the principal within five business days of the Maturity Date; (ii) the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action, (iii) the breach of the Company s obligations thereunder; (iv) any cross defaults; (v) an enforcement proceedings against the Company; and (vi) any unlawfulness and invalidity in connection with the performance of the obligations thereunder, in which case the Sponsor Notes may be accelerated. The payees of the Sponsor Note have the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Sponsor Note, in whole or in part, respectively, into private units (the Conversion Units of the Company, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, one warrant, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of a business combination. The number of Conversion Units to be received by the payees in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to the payees by (y) 10.00. Critical Accounting Estimates Use of Estimates The preparation of unaudited condensed financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company does not have any critical accounting estimates. Investments Held in Trust Account At September 30, 2024, assets held in the Trust Account was 62,103,769. Substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in mutual funds. The Company s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the condensed balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of investments held in Trust Account are included in interest and dividend income on investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying condensed statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in Trust Account are determined using available market information. Warrants We account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own Ordinary Shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 26 Table of Contents For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of equity at the time of issuance. We determined that upon further review of the warrant agreements, we concluded that our warrants qualify for equity accounting treatment. Offering Costs Offering costs consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the IPO. We comply with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 340-10-S99-1, Other Assets and Deferred Costs SEC Materials ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering . Share-Based Compensation Expense We account for share-based compensation expense in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, share-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date and recognized over the requisite service period. To the extent a share-based award is subject to a performance condition, the amount of expense recorded in a given period, if any, reflects an assessment of the probability of achieving such performance condition, with compensation recognized once the event is deemed probable to occur. Forfeitures are recognized as incurred. Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Ordinary Shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Ordinary Shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our public shares of Ordinary Shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Ordinary Shares included in the Public Units subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheet. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Ordinary Shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Ordinary Shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less interest income and unrealized gain or loss on investments in trust account less any dividends paid. We then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. Fair Value of Financial Instruments ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures defines fair value, the methods used to measure fair value and the expanded disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between the buyer and the seller at the measurement date. In determining fair value, the valuation techniques consistent with the market approach, income approach and cost approach shall be used to measure fair value. ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for inputs, which represent the assumptions used by the buyer and seller in pricing the asset or liability. These inputs are further defined as observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs are those that buyer and seller would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company s assumptions about the inputs that the buyer and seller would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. 27 Table of Contents The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows: Level 1 based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not being applied. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these securities does not entail a significant degree of judgment. Level 2 Valuations based on (i) quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, (ii) quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets, (iii) inputs other than quoted prices for the assets or liabilities, or (iv) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market through correlation or other means. Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in mutual funds and U.S. Treasury securities, respectively. All of the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Income Taxes We account for income taxes under ASC740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. We have identified Cayman Islands as its only major tax jurisdiction, as defined. Based on our evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in our financial statements. Since we were incorporated on June 14, 2022, the evaluation was performed for both 2022 and 2023 tax year which will be the only period subject to examination. We believe that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. Our policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense. We may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with foreign tax laws. Our tax provision was deemed to be de minimis for the period presented. We are considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the FASB issued a new standard (ASU 2020-06) to reduce the complexity of accounting for convertible debt and other equity-linked instruments. For certain convertible debt instruments with a cash conversion feature, the changes are a trade-off between simplifications in the accounting model (no separation of an equity component to impute a market interest rate, and simpler analysis of embedded equity features) and a potentially adverse impact to diluted earnings per share by requiring the use of the if-converted method. The new standard will also impact other financial instruments commonly issued by both public and private companies. For example, the separation model for beneficial conversion features is eliminated simplifying the analysis for issuers of convertible debt and convertible preferred stock. Also, certain specific requirements to achieve equity classification and/or qualify for the derivative scope exception for contracts indexed to an entity s own equity are removed, enabling more freestanding instruments and embedded features to avoid mark-to-market accounting. The new standard is effective for companies that are SEC filers (except for smaller reporting companies) for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and interim periods within that year, and two years later for other companies. Companies can early adopt the standard at the start of a fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2020. The standard can either be adopted on a modified retrospective or a full retrospective basis. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2024 did not have a material effect on our financial statements. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 28 Table of Contents Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer who also serves as our principal financial and accounting officer has concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 29 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors Not applicable to a smaller reporting company. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities From January 1, 2024 to the date hereof, the Company issued a total of ten (10) Extension Notes to Shenzhen Squirrel in the total principal amount of 620,000. The proceeds of the Extension Notes were deposited into the Company s Trust Account for the public shareholders, which enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination up to November 27, 2024. As of the date hereof, the Company has issued the Extension Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 900,000. On October 8, 2024, the Company issued the Sponsor Note to the Sponsor in the principal amount of 400,000, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its initial business combination, for general working capital purposes. The information of the Notes contained under Item 2 of Part I above is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. The issuance of the Notes was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information None. 30 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 16, 2024, by and among Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp., Squirrel Enlivened Technology Co., Ltd, Squirrel Enlivened International Co., Ltd and Squirrel Enlivened Overseas Co., Ltd (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2024). 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Associate, dated September 25, 2023. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2023). 3.2 Special Resolution of the Shareholders of the Company to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association dated September 25, 2023. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2023). 3.3 Special Resolution of the Shareholders of the Company to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association dated March 22, 2024. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2024). 10.1 Extension Promissory Note, dated July 29, 2024, issued by the Company to Shenzhen Squirrel Enlivened Media Group Co. Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2024). 10.2 Extension Promissory Note, dated July 26, 2024, issued by the Company to Shenzhen Squirrel Enlivened Media Group Co. Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 26, 2024). 10.3 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2024, by and among Horizon Space Acquisition I Sponsor Corp., Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp., Squirrel Enlivened Technology Co., Ltd, and Squirrel Enlivened International Co., Ltd (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2024). 10.4 Shareholder Support Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2024, by and among Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp., Squirrel Enlivened Technology Co., Ltd., and Squirrel Enlivened International Co., Ltd. and Squirrel Enlivened Holdings Co., Ltd (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2024). 10.5 Extension Promissory Note, dated September 26, 2024, issued by the Company to Shenzhen Squirrel Enlivened Media Group Co. Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2024). 10.6 Sponsor Promissory Note, dated October 8, 2024, issued by the Company to Shenzhen Squirrel Enlivened Media Group Co. Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2024). 10.5 Extension Promissory Note, dated October 24, 2024, issued by the Company to Shenzhen Squirrel Enlivened Media Group Co. Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 25, 2024). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith. Furnished. 31 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. HORIZON SPACE ACQUISITION I CORP. Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Mingyu (Michael) Li Mingyu (Michael) Li Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 hspo_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hspo_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Mingyu (Michael) Li, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, of Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Mingyu (Michael) Li Mingyu (Michael) Li Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 hspo_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hspo_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Horizon Space Acquisition I Corp. (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: (1) The Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Mingyu (Michael) Li Mingyu (Michael) Li Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 hspo-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 hspo-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 hspo-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hspo-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

