<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1601830_0001601830-24-000196.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10634170</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102852</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5326005</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2145173</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1598979</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1332599</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001601830-24-000196.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106161848
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001601830-24-000196
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RECURSION PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001601830
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				464099738
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40323
		FILM NUMBER:		241431285

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		41S RIO GRANDE STREET
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(385) 269-0203

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		41S RIO GRANDE STREET
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Recursion Pharmaceuticals, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001601830-24-000196.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 rxrx-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rxrx-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 x Non-accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, there were and of the registrant s Class A and B common stock outstanding, respectively. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I 
 Financial Information 
 1 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 1 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 Part II 
 Other Information 
 34 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 34 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 34 
 Signatures 
 36 

i 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements about us and our industry within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, would, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this report may include without limitation those regarding: 
 
 our research and development programs; 
 the initiation, timing, progress, results, and cost of our current and future preclinical and clinical studies, including statements regarding the design of, and the timing of initiation and completion of, studies and related preparatory work, as well as the period during which the results of the studies will become available; 
 the ability of our clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates, and other positive results; 
 the ability and willingness of our collaborators to continue research and development activities relating to our development candidates and investigational medicines; 
 future agreements with third parties in connection with the commercialization of our investigational medicines and any other approved product; 
 the timing, scope, or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals, including the timing of Investigational New Drug applications and final approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, of our current drug candidates and any other future drug candidates, as well as our ability to maintain any such approvals; 
 the timing, scope, or likelihood of foreign regulatory filings and approvals, including our ability to maintain any such approvals; 
 the size of the potential market opportunity for our drug candidates, including our estimates of the number of patients who suffer from the diseases we are targeting and potential annual sales; 
 our ability to identify viable new drug candidates for clinical development and the rate at which we expect to identify such candidates, whether through an inferential approach or otherwise; 
 our expectation that the assets that will drive the most value for us are those that we will identify in the future using our datasets and tools; 
 our ability to develop and advance our current drug candidates and programs into, and successfully complete, clinical studies; 
 our ability to reduce the time or cost or increase the likelihood of success of our research and development relative to the traditional drug discovery paradigm; 
 our ability to improve, and the rate of improvement in, our infrastructure, datasets, biology, technology tools and drug discovery platform, and our ability to realize benefits from such improvements; 
 our expectations related to the performance and benefits of our BioHive supercomputer, including our planned expansion of the BioHive supercomputer capabilities; 
 our ability to realize a return on our investment of resources and cash in our drug discovery collaborations; 
 our ability to integrate acquired businesses with our existing programs and platform and realize a return on acquired assets; 
 our ability to leverage datasets acquired through licenses with third parties, including with Tempus, into increased machine learning capabilities, novel genetic associations and mechanisms, innovative therapeutics, or other beneficial outcomes; 
 our ability to derive value from our Recursion OS by licensing subsets of data and key tools; 
 the ability to construct and apply more and increasingly sophisticated foundation models and large language models across biology, chemistry and translation and to use these models to drive new, better programs into clinical development both in our own pipeline and with our current and future partners at scale; 
 our ability to scale like a technology company, including scaling our Recursion OS, and to add more programs to our pipeline each year; 
 our ability to successfully compete in a highly competitive market; 
 our manufacturing, commercialization and marketing capabilities and strategies; 
 our plans relating to commercializing our drug candidates, if approved, including the geographic areas of focus and sales strategy; 
 our expectations regarding the approval and use of our drug candidates in combination with other drugs; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of our current drug candidates, if approved, and other drug candidates we may develop; 
 our competitive position and the success of competing approaches that are or may become available; 
 our estimates of the number of patients that we will enroll in our clinical trials and the timing of their enrollment; 
 the beneficial characteristics, safety, efficacy and therapeutic effects of our drug candidates; 
 our plans for further development of our drug candidates, including additional indications we may pursue; 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to adequately protect and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary technology, including the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our current drug candidates and other drug candidates we may develop, receipt of patent protection, the extensions of existing patent terms where available, the validity of intellectual property rights held by third parties, the protection of our trade secrets, and our ability not to infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate any third-party intellectual property rights; 
 the impact of any intellectual property disputes and our ability to defend against claims of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to keep pace with new technological developments; 
 our ability to utilize third-party open source software and cloud-based infrastructure, on which we are dependent; 
 the adequacy of our insurance policies and the scope of their coverage; 
 the potential impact of a pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, or natural disaster, global political instability or warfare, and the effect of such outbreak or natural disaster, global political instability or warfare on our business and financial results; 
 our ability to maintain our technical operations infrastructure to avoid errors, delays, or cybersecurity breaches; 
 our continued reliance on third parties to conduct additional clinical trials of our drug candidates, and for the manufacture of our drug candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 our ability to obtain and negotiate favorable terms of, any collaboration, licensing, or other arrangements that may be necessary or desirable to research, develop, manufacture, or commercialize our platform and drug candidates; 
 the pricing and reimbursement of our current drug candidates and other drug candidates we may develop, if approved; 
 our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and need for additional financing; 
 our financial performance; 
 the period over which we estimate our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our future operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements; 
 our ability to raise substantial additional funding; 
 the impact of current and future laws and regulations, and our ability to comply with all regulations that we are, or may become, subject to; 
 the need to hire additional personnel and our ability to attract and retain such personnel; 
 the impact of any current or future litigation, which may arise during the ordinary course of business and be costly to defend; 
 the need to raise additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations, require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates, and divert management s attention from our core business; 
 our anticipated use of our existing resources; 
 statements regarding our proposed business combination with Exscientia, including the closing of the transaction and Class A common stock to be issued in connection therewith; 
 the effectiveness of remediation actions on any identified material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting; 
 changes in voting power related to Dr. Gibson s vesting in and exercises of equity awards; 
 ownership changes that may limit the amount of our net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those listed in the section titled Risk Factors. 
 
 We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about our business, the industry in which we operate, and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or development. These statements speak only as of the date of this report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this report. While we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, the information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon them. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other receivables Other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash, non-current Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Financing lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets, non-current Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Unearned revenue Operating lease liabilities Notes payable and financing lease liabilities Total current liabilities Unearned revenue, non-current Operating lease liabilities, non-current Notes payable and financing lease liabilities, non-current Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities, non-current Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) par value; shares (Class A and Class B authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares (Class A , Class B and Exchangeable and shares (Class A , Class B and Exchangeable issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See the accompanying notes to these c ondensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Operating revenue Grant revenue Total revenue Operating costs and expenses Cost of revenue Research and development General and administrative Total operating costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income, net Loss before income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) Net loss and comprehensive loss Per share data Net loss per share of Class A, B and Exchangeable common stock, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares (Class A, B and Exchangeable) outstanding, basic and diluted 

See the accompanying notes to these c ondensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 (Class A, B and Exchangeable) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) Stock option exercises and other Stock-based compensation Common stock sales issuances, net of issuance costs Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 (Class A, B and Exchangeable) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Stock option exercises and other Stock-based compensation Common stock sales issuances, net of issuance costs Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 

See the accompanying notes to these c ondensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 (Class A, B and Exchangeable) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Stock option exercises and other Stock-based compensation Common stock sales issuances, net of issuance costs Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 (Class A, B and Exchangeable) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) Stock option exercises and other Stock-based compensation Common stock sales issuances, net of issuance costs Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 

See the accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Asset impairment Lease expense Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other receivables and assets ) ) Unearned revenue ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued development expense ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Lease liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Net cash and restricted cash acquired in the acquisition of a business Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchase of an intangible asset ) ) Sales and maturities of investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common shares, net of issuance costs Proceeds from equity incentive plans Repayment of long-term debt and finance lease liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities Issuance of shares for the acquisitions of businesses Accrued property and equipment 
 Financed equipment purchase Purchase of an intangible asset 

See the accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 

Note 1. 
 
 billion. The Company expects to incur substantial operating losses in future periods and will require additional capital to advance its drug candidates. The Company does not expect to generate significant revenue until the Company successfully completes significant drug development milestones with its subsidiaries or in collaboration with third parties, which the Company expects will take a number of years. In order to commercialize its drug candidates, the Company or its partners need to complete clinical development and comply with comprehensive regulatory requirements. The Company is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties similar to those of other companies of the same size within the biotechnology industry, such as the uncertainty of clinical trial outcomes, uncertainty of additional funding and a history of operating losses. 
 
 The Company has funded its operations to date primarily through the issuance of Class A common stock (see Note 8, Common Stock for additional details). Additionally, the Company has received payments from its strategic partnerships (see Note 9, Collaborative Development Contracts for additional details). Recursion will likely be required to raise additional capital. As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any unconditional outstanding commitments for additional funding. If the Company is unable to access additional funds when needed, it may not be able to continue the development of its products or the Company could be required to delay, scale back or abandon some or all of its development programs and other operations. The Company s ability to access capital when needed is not assured and, if not achieved on a timely basis, could materially harm its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Recursion believes that the Company s existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund the Company s operating expenses and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. 

Note 2. 

6 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 
 agreement with Tempus Labs, Inc. (Tempus) to purchase access to their records of patient-centric multimodal oncology data and use rights for therapeutic development purposes. This data will be used to improve the training of Recursion s artificial intelligence and machine learning models and is expected to accelerate Recursion s drug discovery process. Recursion is making annual payments, ranging between million and million , up to million in aggregate, to Tempus in cash or equity at the Company s option. The equity value is determined by using the seven -trading day period dollar volume-weighted average price (VWAP) for Recursion Class A common stock ending on the day immediately preceding the date that is five business days prior to the payment date. 
 
 Recursion is expensing the record purchases based on a contractually agreed price as Research and Development expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations as the records are downloaded. To the extent that the Recursion payments to Tempus are greater than or less than the records purchased amount, Recursion records the applicable amount to Other Current Assets or Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, Recursion had recorded million within Other Current Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to the Tempus agreement. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Leasehold improvements Office equipment Construction in progress Property and equipment, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense on property and equipment was million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively . The Company recorded an insignificant impairment and an impairment of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to construction projects for leasehold improvements as the Company no longer intended to use them. The impairments were recorded in General and Administrative in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Accrued development expenses Accrued early discovery expenses 
 Accrued professional fees 
 Accrued construction 
 Materials received not invoiced 
 Accrued other expenses Accrued expense and other liabilities 
 
 Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income, net 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, interest income primarily related to earnings on cash and cash equivalents in money market funds. Interest expense primarily related to the Company s supercomputer financing lease. Interest income, net was included in Other income, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4. 
 
 shares of Class A common stock of the Company on the closing date. Recursion will also assume the outstanding stock-based compensation awards of Exscientia. The closing of the transaction is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions, including the requisite approval of each of the Company s stockholders and Exscientia s shareholders, sanction by the High Court of Justice of England and Wales, and other closing conditions that are customary for transactions of this nature. 
 
 Valence Discovery Inc. 
 
 On May 16, 2023, Recursion acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Valence Discovery Inc. (Valence), a privately-held machine learning (ML) / artificial intelligence (AI) digital chemistry company. The integration of Valence s AI-based chemistry engine into Recursion s operating system will allow Recursion to expand its technology-enabled drug discovery process. This will accelerate Recursion s digital chemistry capabilities and its drug discovery process. 
 
 The acquisition of Valence was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. The aggregate upfront consideration for the acquisition of Valence consisted of million shares of Recursion Class A common stock, million shares of a subsidiary of Recursion, exchangeable for shares of Recursion s Class A common stock, thousand shares issuable upon exercise of stock options held by Valence equity award holders and deferred liabilities for additional consideration. 
 
 Fair value of Exchangeable stock Fair value of equity awards issued to Valance equity award holders Deferred liabilities for additional consideration Total consideration 
 
 Other receivables Intangible asset - technology Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Deferred income taxes ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
 
 The intangible asset is related to Valence s ML and AI digital chemistry platform. The estimated fair value of the intangible asset was determined using a cost approach. This valuation technique provides the fair value of an asset based on estimates of the total costs to develop the technology. Significant inputs used to determine the total cost includes the length of time required and service hours performed by Company employees. The technology intangible asset is being amortized on a straight-line basis over its useful life. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

million operating loss associated with Valence s operations. The Company has finalized the amounts recognized disclosed in the above tables. 
 
 Cyclica Inc . 
 
 On May 25, 2023, Recursion acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Cyclica Inc. (Cyclica), a privately-held Company that has built a digital chemistry software suite which enables mechanism of action deconvolution and generative chemistry suggestions based on desired targets. Cyclica s platform is expected to enhance the optimization of Recursion s compounds for efficacy while minimizing liabilities through generative machine learning approaches. 
 
 The acquisition of Cyclica was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. The aggregate upfront consideration for the acquisition of Cyclica consisted of million shares of Recursion Class A common stock, cash payments, million shares issuable upon exercise of stock options held by Cyclica equity award holders and deferred liabilities for additional consideration. Approximately thousand of the aforementioned shares of Class A common stock consideration had not yet been issued as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash Fair value of equity awards issued to Cyclica equity award holders Deferred liabilities for additional consideration Total consideration 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Other receivables Investments Other current assets Intangible assets - technology Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Unearned revenue ) Deferred income taxes ) Other liabilities, current ) Other liabilities, non-current ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
 
 The intangible assets are related to Cyclica s digital chemistry platforms. The estimated fair value of the intangible assets was determined using a cost approach. This valuation technique provides the fair value of an asset based on estimates of the total costs to develop the technology. Significant inputs used to determine the total cost includes the length of time required and service hours performed by Company employees. The technology intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. 
 
 Goodwill was calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized. The goodwill recognized represents the assembled workforce and expected synergies, including the ability to: (i) leverage Cyclica s digital chemistry platform across Recursion s business; (ii) leverage Cyclica s ML and AI capabilities; (iii) integrate Recursion s data and operating system into Cyclica s platform; and (iv) accelerate Recursion s pipeline. Goodwill was also impacted by the establishment of a deferred tax liability for the acquired identifiable intangible assets. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Recursion s condensed consolidated statement of operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included immaterial net revenue and a million operating loss associated with Cyclica s operations. Recursion s condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included immaterial net revenue and a million operating loss associated with Cyclica s operations. The Company has finalized the amounts recognized disclosed in the above tables. 
 
 Pro forma financial information 
 
 Net loss 
 ) ) 
 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information was prepared using the acquisition method of accounting and was based on the historical financial information of Recursion, Valence and Cyclica. In order to reflect the occurrence of the acquisitions on January 1, 2022 as required, the unaudited pro forma financial information includes adjustments to reflect the incremental amortization expense to be incurred based on the fair values of the identifiable intangible 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Note 5. 
 
 year to years and some of those leases include options that provide Recursion with the ability to extend the lease term, generally for . The options are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , Recursion entered into lease modifications resulting in a decrease to the right-of-use asset and lease liability of million and an increase to the right-of-use asset and lease liability of million, respectively. The modifications had no impact to the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 In September 2024, the Company entered into an operating lease agreement for office space in New York, New York with approximately square feet (the New York Lease ). The right of use began September 2024 when control of the asset was obtained. The New York Lease term is years with a potential for a or year renewal option. Total fixed payments are expected to be approximately million with additional variable expenses, including building expenses. 
 
 In May 2024, the Company entered into a financing lease agreement for the supercomputer equipment (the Supercomputer Lease ). The right of use began May 2024 when control of the asset was obtained and the lease term is years with additional renewal options for a one or period. Total fixed payments are expected to be approximately million. 
 
 In February 2024, the Company entered into an operating lease agreement related to the supercomputer for the exclusive use of physical space in a data center of approximately square feet the Data Center Lease ). The right of use began in April 2024 and the lease term is years with a renewal option. The lease includes provisions for escalating rent payments. Total fixed lease payments are expected to be approximately million with additional variable expenses, including utilities and tax expenses. 
 
 In January 2024, the Company entered into an operating lease agreement for office space in London, England with approximately square feet (the London Lease ). The right of use began January 2024 when control of the asset was obtained. The London Lease term is years with a renewal option. The London Lease includes provisions for escalating rent payments. Total fixed payments are expected to be approximately million, additionally there will be variable expenses including building service charges related to the lease. 
 
 Finance lease cost: 
 Amortization of leased assets 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Variable lease cost 
 Short-term lease cost 
 Total lease cost 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Financing lease right-of-use assets Total lease right-of-use assets 
 Liabilities 
 Current liabilities 
 Notes payable and financing lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities 
 Total current lease liabilities 
 Non-current liabilities Notes payable and financing lease liabilities, non-current Operating lease liabilities, non-current Total non-current lease liabilities 
 Total lease liabilities 

Operating cash flows from financing leases 
 Financing cash flows from financing leases 
 Right-of-use assets additions and modifications: 
 Operating leases 
 Financing leases 
 - 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate Finance leases 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less amounts representing interest or imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 

Note 6. 
 
 changes to the carrying amount of goodwill during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were additions of million to the carrying amount of goodwill related to the acquisition of Cyclica and Valence during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. goodwill impairment was recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Intangible Assets, Net 
 
 ) ) Definite-lived licensed intangible assets ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets Total intangible assets ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense was million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Amortization expense was million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Amortization expense was included in Research and Development in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges were recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into a year licensing agreement with Helix for access to their patient data and use rights for therapeutics development purposes. This data will be used to improve the training of Recursion s artificial intelligence and machine learning models and is expected to accelerate Recursion s drug discovery process. Recursion is making annual payments of million for a total of million, which was recorded in Intangible Assets, net on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and included as a licensed intangible asset in the above table. Recursion made the first payment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and recorded the two remaining million payments in Accrued expenses and other liabilities and Other liabilities, non-current on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, respectively. The licensed intangible asset is being amortized on a straight-line basis over its useful life. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7. 
 
 liabilities recorded for these agreements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, as no amounts were probable. 
 
 Employee Agreements 
 
 The Company has signed employment agreements with certain key employees pursuant to which, if their employment is terminated following a change of control of the Company, the employees are entitled to receive certain benefits, including accelerated vesting of equity incentives. 
 
 Legal Matters 
 
 The Company may, from time to time, be involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. An unfavorable resolution of any such matter could materially affect the Company s future financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 In February 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement for laboratory and office space (the Industry Lease) with Industry Office SLC, LLC (the landlord). In March 2023, the Company sent a letter to the landlord detailing numerous construction delays and irregularities, deficiencies and deviations from applicable structural drawings and/or non-conforming conditions with applicable building codes. On June 23, 2023, the landlord filed a lawsuit against the Company Industry Office SLC, LLC v. Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , Case No. 230904627) in the Third District Court for Salt Lake County, State of Utah (the Court), alleging anticipatory repudiation and breach of contract. The Plaintiff seeks monetary damages and attorney s fees. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had liability recorded for these events as an unfavorable outcome was not probable. 
 
 In connection with the Industry Lease, in September 2023, the Company filed counterclaims in the Court against the landlord alleging, among other things, breach of contract and fraudulent misrepresentation (the Counterclaims). Also in September 2023, the Court dismissed the landlord s complaint without prejudice. In October 2023, the landlord filed an amended complaint and also an answer to Recursion s Counterclaims, denying the Company s allegations. The Company and the landlord are currently engaged in discovery. In September 2024, the Court granted Recursion s motion to amend its Counterclaims to assert claims for alter ego and agency liability against several allegedly controlling parent companies associated with the landlord. The Company is presently unable to estimate the possible amount or range of damages associated with the Counterclaims, as expert discovery associated with these issues has not yet occurred. 
 
 Pledged Assets 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, assets pledged as collateral against finance leases totaled million . Assets pledged as collateral are Lab Equipment reported in Property and Equipment, net on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of September 30, 2024, the liabilities associated with collateral pledged were solely comprised of a finance lease and had a carrying value of million. The collateral pledged under the lease agreement may only be operated by the Company within the continental United States and must maintain a good title. The assets cannot be sold, disposed of or repledged by the Company. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8. 
 
 vote per share and each share of Class B common stock entitles the holder to votes per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. Common stockholders are entitled to receive dividends, as may be declared by the Company s Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no dividends had been declared. 
 
 Public Offering of Common Stock 
 
 On June 28, 2024 , the Company closed its public offering of Class A common stock and issued million shares at a price of per share for net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting transaction costs of million. In connection with the public offering of Class A common stock, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement for the offering and sale of million shares. The Company also granted the Underwriters a day option from the date of the underwriting agreement to purchase up to an additional million shares of Class A Common Stock, which was exercised in full. The public offering was made pursuant to the Company's effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264845) and a related prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus dated June 26, 2024 . 
 
 At-The-Market Offering 
 
 In August 2023 , the Company entered into an Open Market Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC (the Sales Agent ), to provide for the offering, issuance and sale of up to an aggregate amount of million of its Class A common stock from time to time in at-the-market (ATM) offerings. As of September 30, 2024, an amount of million remained available for future sales under the Sales Agreement. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company has sold million shares and received net proceeds of million under the agreement. Recursion is not required to sell additional shares under the Sales Agreement. The Company will pay the Sales Agent a commission of up to of the aggregate gross proceeds received from all sales of Class A common stock. The Sales Agreement continues until the earlier of selling all shares available under the Sales Agreement or terminated by written notice from either of the parties. The ATM Offering is being made under a prospectus supplement dated August 8, 2023, and related prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to our automatically effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR (Registration No. 333-264845). 
 
 NVIDIA Private Placement 
 
 In July 2023 , Recursion entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement for a private placement with NVIDIA Corporation (2023 Private Placement), pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of million shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share for net proceeds of approximately million . 
 
 Valence Acquisition Exchangeable Shares 
 
 In May 2023 , in connection with the acquisition of Valence, the Company entered into an agreement to issue up to million shares of Class A common stock (the Exchangeable Shares ), that may be issued upon exchange, retraction or redemption of exchangeable shares of a subsidiary of Recursion. Each exchangeable share of the subsidiary of Recursion entitles the holder to exchange those shares on a -for-one basis for Recursion s Class A common stock. The shares are entitled to receive dividends economically equivalent to dividends declared by Recursion, are non-voting and are subject to customary adjustments for stock splits or other reorganizations. In addition, the Company may require all outstanding exchangeable shares to be exchanged into an equal number of Class A common stock upon the occurrence of certain events and at any time following the seventh anniversary of the closing of the Valence acquisition. The exchangeable shares are substantially the economic equivalent of the Class A shares and classified as common stock within the Company s stockholders equity. The Company s calculation of weighted-average shares outstanding includes the exchangeable shares. As of September 30, 2024, million Exchangeable shares have been redeemed for Class A shares. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 of the aggregate purchase price with the maximum payable amount of of the aggregate purchase price. As of September 30, 2024, there was accrued liability related to this agreement, as it was not probable that a payment would be required. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 In May 2023 , in connection with the acquisition of Valence, the Company entered into a Registration Agreement providing for the registration for resale of the shares of Class A common stock and Exchange Shares issued or issuable in such transaction. A registration statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-272281) was filed to register the shares for resale by the holders. The registration statement must remain effective for a period of not less than . 
 
 In May 2023 , in connection with the acquisition of Cyclica, the Company entered into a Registration Agreement providing for the registration for resale of the shares of Class A common stock issued in such transaction. A prospectus supplement to a registration statement (File No. 333-264845) was subsequently filed in June 2023 to register the shares for resale by the holders. The registration agreement must be continuously effective until the earlier of the date that all shares have been sold thereunder or are able to be publicly sold by relying on Rule 144 of the Securities Act without registration. 
 
 2022 Private Placement 
 In October 2022, i n connection with the 2022 Private Placement, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement providing for the registration for resale of the shares of Class A common stock issued in such transaction. A prospectus supplement to a registration statement (File No. 333-264845) was subsequently filed in October 2022 to register the resale of the shares of Class A common stock by the Purchasers. The agreement must remain effective until registrable securities covered by the agreement have been publicly sold by the holders or all shares cease to be registrable securities. In the event the holders cannot sell their shares due to certain circumstances causing the agreement to be ineffective, the Company must pay each holder of shares outstanding on the date and each month thereafter of the aggregate purchase price paid by the holder without limit until the agreement is cured. As of September 30, 2024, there was accrued liability related to this agreement, as it was not probable that a payment would be required. 
 
 Class A and B Common Stock Authorization 
 
 In April 2021 , the Company s Board of Directors authorized classes of common stock, Class A and Class B. The rights of the holders of Class A and B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to votes per share and is convertible at any time into share of Class A common stock. 
 
 All Class B common stock is held by Christopher Gibson, Ph.D., the Company s Chief Executive Officer (CEO), or his affiliates. As of September 30, 2024, Dr. Gibson and his affiliates held outstanding shares of Class B common stock representing approximately of the voting power of the Company s outstanding shares. This voting power may increase over time as Dr. Gibson vests in and exercises equity awards outstanding. If all the exchangeable equity awards held by Dr. Gibson had been fully vested, exercised and exchanged for shares of Class B common stock as of September 30, 2024, Dr. Gibson and his affiliates would hold approximately of the voting power of the Company s outstanding shares. As a result, Dr. Gibson will be able to significantly influence any action requiring the approval of Recursion stockholders, including the election of the Board of Directors; the adoption of amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws; and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or other major corporate transaction. 

Note 9. 
 
 million non-refundable upfront payment from the Company s collaboration with Roche. In September 2024, Recursion received a million milestone payment (the acceptance fee which was an acceptance fee related to the first accepted neuroscience Phenomap. Recursion is eligible for additional milestone payments based on performance progress of the collaboration. Each of the Phenomaps requested by Roche and created by Recursion may be subject to either an initiation fee, acceptance fee or both. Such fees could exceed million for accepted Phenomaps. In addition, for a period of time after Roche s acceptance of certain Phenomaps, Roche will have the option to obtain, subject to payment of an exercise fee, rights to use outside the collaboration the raw images generated in the course of creating those Phenomaps. If Roche exercises its external use option for all eligible Phenomaps, Roche s associated exercise fee payments to Recursion could exceed million. Under the collaboration, Roche may initiate up to programs, each of which, if successfully developed and commercialized, could yield more than million in development, commercialization and net revenue milestones for Recursion, as well as tiered royalties on net revenue. 
 
 Accounting 
 This agreement represents a transaction with a customer and therefore is accounted for in accordance with ASC 606. Recursion has determined that it has performance obligations, related to gastrointestinal cancer and in neuroscience. These performance obligations are for performing research and development services for Roche to identify targets and medicines. The performance obligations also include potential licenses related to the intellectual property. The Company concluded that licenses within the contract are not distinct from the research and development services as they are interrelated due to the fact that the research and development services significantly impact the potential licenses. Any additional services are considered customer options and will be considered as separate contracts for accounting purposes. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million, comprised of the upfront payment and the acceptance fee. Prior to the three months ended September 30, 2024, Recursion had fully constrained the million variable consideration acceptance fee. As a result of Roche s acceptance of the neuroscience Phenomap, Recursion is now recognizing the acceptance fee as part of the transaction price over the completion period of one of the neuroscience performance obligations. Recursion has fully constrained the remaining amounts of variable consideration to be received from potential milestones considering the stage of development and the risks associated with the remaining development required to achieve each milestone. Recursion will re-evaluate the transaction price each reporting period. 
 
 The transaction price was generally allocated to the performance obligations based on the estimated relative stand-alone selling price of each performance obligation as determined using an expected cost plus margin approach. The acceptance fee was allocated to one of the neuroscience performance obligations as the terms of the variable consideration related specifically to Recursion s efforts to satisfy this performance obligation. The Company recognizes revenue over time based on costs incurred relative to total expected costs to perform the research and development services. Recursion determined that this method provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of control to the customer. This method of recognizing revenue requires the Company to make estimates of total costs to provide the services required under the performance obligations. Significant inputs used to determine the total costs included the length of time required, service hours performed by Company employees and materials costs. A significant change in these estimates could have a material effect on the timing and amount of revenue recognized in future periods. Recursion has estimated the completion of the performance obligations by 2026. 
 
 Additional Revenue Disclosures 
 
 Of the revenue recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, million and million was included in the unearned revenue balance as of December 31, 2023, respectively, and was related to the upfront payment received by the Company. Primarily all revenue recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was included in the unearned revenue balance as of December 31, 2022. Revenue recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was from the upfront payments and the acceptance fee received. The recognition of a portion of the upfront payment and acceptance fee decreased the unearned revenue recognized. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of costs incurred to fulfill a contract on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet within Other Current Assets. 

Note 10. 
 
 million shares of Class A common stock were available for grant. 
 
 Research and development General and administrative Total 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 and expire no later than years from the date of grant. 
 
 Granted Cancelled Exercised Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 
 The fair value of options granted to employees is calculated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The weighted-average grant-date fair values of stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 
 
 Expected volatility 
 Expected dividend yield 
 Risk-free interest rate 

As of September 30, 2024, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options is expected to be recognized as expense over approximately the next . 
 
 RSUs 
 
 Equity awards granted to employees primarily consist of RSUs and generally vest over . The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs generally is determined based on the number of units granted and the quoted price of Recursion s common stock on the date of grant. 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 
 The fair market value of RSUs vested was million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs is expected to be recognized as expense over approximately the next . 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11. 
 
 record any U.S. income tax expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company has historically incurred operating losses and maintains a full valuation allowance against its U.S. net deferred tax assets. Foreign taxes were insignificant during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Note 12. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 
 Tempus agreement Total 

Note 13. 
 
 Restricted cash Total assets 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Total assets 
 
 In addition to the financial instruments that are recognized at fair value on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Company has certain financial instruments that are recognized at amortized cost or some basis other than fair value. The carrying amount of these instruments are considered to be representative of their approximate fair values. 
 
 Notes payable and financing lease liabilities, non-current Total liabilities 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of the financial condition of Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Recursion, the Company, we, us or our) and the results of operations. This commentary should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes appearing in Item 1, Financial Statements and the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report). This discussion, particularly information with respect to our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading "Note About Forward-Looking Statements" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. You should review the disclosure under the heading "Risk Factors" in the 2023 Annual Report and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, and the risk factors disclosed under Item 8.01 in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 3, 2024 for a discussion of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to revise or publicly release any revision to any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless required by law. 
 
 Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and other information to our investors using our investor relations website (https://ir.recursion.com/), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels as well as social media and blogs to communicate with our stakeholders and the public about our company, our services and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website. Information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this report. 

Overview 
 
 Recursion is a leading clinical stage TechBio company decoding biology to industrialize drug discovery. Central to our mission is the Recursion Operating System (OS), a platform built across diverse technologies that enables us to map and navigate trillions of biological, chemical and patient-centric relationships across over 50 petabytes of proprietary data. We frame this integration of the physical and digital components as iterative loops, where scaled wet-lab biology, chemistry and patient-centric experimental data are organized by dry-lab computational tools in order to identify, validate and translate therapeutic insights. We believe Recursion s unbiased, data-driven approach to understanding biology will bring more, new and better medicines at higher scale and lower cost to patients. 
 
 There are three key value-drivers at Recursion: 
 An expansive pipeline of internally developed clinical and preclinical programs focused on precision oncology and genetically driven rare diseases with significant unmet need and market opportunities that could potentially exceed 1 billion in annual sales in some cases 
 Transformational partnerships with leading biopharma and technology companies to map and navigate intractable areas of biology, identify novel targets, and develop potential new medicines by using advanced computational and data resources 
 An industry-leading dataset intentionally designed to capitalize on computational tools and accelerate value created through our pipeline, partnerships and technology products 
 24 

Table of Contents 

We drive value by scaling and leveraging the Recursion OS to generate, aggregate and integrate over 50 petabytes of data spanning large language model derived disease relevance and target-compound relationships, predicted protein-ligand binding interactions for ~36 billion compounds, over 300 million total staining and multi-timepoint live-cell (brightfield) phenomics experiments, over 1 million whole transcriptomics experiments, tens of thousands of ADME experiments using our automated DMPK module, InVivomics and multimodal precision oncology patient data. This dataset has been curated using over 50 human cell types, our cell manufacturing facility which has produced over 1 trillion hiPSC-derived neuronal cells since 2022, our in-house chemical library of over 1.7 million compounds, a vast in silico library of small molecules and other capabilities. We have built proprietary software applications and AI/ML models within the Recursion OS which predict and navigate over 7 trillion biological and chemical relationships. With our approach and our team of over 500 Recursionauts that is balanced between life scientists and computational and technical experts, we endeavor to turn drug discovery into a search problem, where we map and navigate biology in an unbiased manner in order to translate insights into more, new, and better medicines at higher scale and lower cost to patients. 
 
 On August 8, 2024, Recursion signed an agreement with Exscientia plc (Exscientia) to acquire all of the issued and to be issued share capital of Exscientia in exchange for shares of Class A common stock of Recursion (the Transaction Agreement). The Transaction Agreement has a fixed exchange ratio whereby each ordinary share of Exscientia will be exchanged for 0.7729 shares of Class A common stock of Recursion on the closing date. The closing of the transaction is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions, including the requisite approval of each of Recursion s stockholders and Exscientia s shareholders, sanction by the High Court of Justice of England and Wales, and other closing conditions that are customary for transactions of this nature. The following graphic depicts our combined pipeline with Exscientia, assuming the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, with Exscientia s programs in shaded rows. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Summary of Business Highlights 
 
 Pipeline 
 Cerebral Cavernous Malformation (CCM) (REC-994): In September, we announced that our Phase 2 SYCAMORE clinical trial, which is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, study of two doses of REC-994 in participants with CCM, met its primary endpoint of safety and demonstrated encouraging trends in objective MRI-based exploratory efficacy measures at the highest dose, seeing reductions in lesion volume and hemosiderin ring size. We plan to meet with the FDA and advance the development of REC-994 for the potential treatment of symptomatic CCM in subsequent studies. We also plan to present the Phase 2 data at a medical conference and publish results in a peer reviewed scientific journal. 
 Neurofibromatosis Type 2 (NF2) (REC-2282): Our adaptive Phase 2/3 POPLAR clinical trial is an open label, two part study of REC-2282 in participants with progressive NF2-mutated meningiomas. Part 1 of the study explores two doses of REC-2282 in adult and pediatric participants. Enrollment of adult patients in Part 1 of the study is complete (n=24). We expect to share an update in Q4 2024. 
 Familial Adenomatous Polyposis (FAP) (REC-4881): Our Phase 1b/2 TUPELO clinical trial is an open label, multicenter, two part study of REC-4881 in participants with FAP. Part 1 is complete and enrollment in Part 2 has commenced. We expect to share Phase 2 safety and preliminary efficacy data in H1 2025. 
 APC or AXIN1 Mutant Cancers (REC-4881): Our Phase 2 LILAC clinical trial is an open label, multicenter study of REC-4881 in participants with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic cancer with AXIN1 or APC mutations. We expect to share Phase 2 safety and preliminary efficacy data in H1 2025. 
 Clostridioides difficile Infection (REC-3964): In October, we announced the first patient dosed in our Phase 2 clinical study of REC-3964, a potential first-in-class, oral, non-antibiotic small molecule for recurrent Clostridioides difficile infection. Our Phase 2 ALDER clinical trial is an open-label, multicenter randomized study designed to evaluate rates of recurrence with REC-3964 at two doses compared with an observational cohort after patients have achieved initial cure with vancomycin. We expect a preliminary readout by the end of 2025. 
 Biomarker-Enriched Solid Tumors and Lymphoma, Target RBM39 (REC-1245): In October, we announced FDA clearance of an IND for REC-1245, a potential first-in-class RBM39 degrader for biomarker-enriched solid tumors and lymphoma. RBM39 is a novel CDK12-adjacent target identified by the Recursion OS. We plan to initiate dosing of Phase 1/2 in Q4 2024 to evaluate REC-1245. Phase 1 data from the dose-escalation portion of the study is expected by the end of 2025. 
 Undisclosed Indication in Fibrosis, Target Epsilon: We are advancing our lead candidate and expect an IND submission in early 2025. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Partnerships 
 Transformational Collaborations: We continue to advance efforts to discover potential new therapeutics with our strategic partners in the areas of undruggable oncology (Bayer) as well as neuroscience and a single indication in gastrointestinal oncology (Roche-Genentech). In August, our first neuroscience phenomap was optioned by Roche-Genentech for 30 million as part of a fee structure that could exceed a total of 500 million across multiple maps. In the near-term, there is the potential for option exercises associated with partnership programs and map building initiatives or data sharing. 
 
 Platform 
 Google Cloud Collaboration: We entered into an expanded collaboration with Google Cloud in order to leverage Google Cloud's technologies to support our drug discovery platform. This strategic partnership includes exploring generative AI capabilities, including Gemini models, to support the RecursionOS, drive improved search and access with BigQuery, and help scale compute resources. In addition, we will also explore making some of our AI models available on Google Cloud. 

Financing and Operations 
 
 We were incorporated in November 2013. In April 2021, we closed our Initial Public Offering (IPO) and issued 27.9 million shares of Class A common stock at a price of 18.00 per share, raising net proceeds of 462.4 million. Prior to our IPO, we had raised 448.9 million in equity financing from investors in addition to 30.0 million in an upfront payment from our collaboration with Bayer AG (Bayer). In January 2022 , we received an upfront payment of 150.0 million from our collaboration with Roche. See Note 9, Collaborative Development Contracts to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the collaboration with Roche. In October 2022, we issued 15.3 million shares of our Class A common stock at a purchase price of 9.80 per share in the 2022 private placement to qualified institutional buyers and institutional accredited investors for net proceeds of 143.7 million, after deducting fees and offering costs of 6.6 million. In July 2023 , we issued an aggregate of 7.7 million shares of our Class A common stock at a purchase price of 6.49 per share in the 2023 Private Placement with NVIDIA Corporation for net proceeds of approximately 49.9 million. In August 2023 , we entered into an O pen Market Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC to provide for the offering, issuance and sale of up to an aggregate amount of 300.0 million of its Class A common stock of which 144.3 million remain available for future sales. The Company has sold 20.4 million shares and received net proceeds of 151.1 million under the agreement. In June 2024, we issued an aggregate of 35.4 million shares of our Class A common stock at a purchase price of 6.50 per share and received net proceeds of 216.4 million, after deducting transaction costs of 13.6 million. See Note 8, Common Stock to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the public offering. In September 2024 , we received a Phenomap acceptance fee of 30.0 million from our collaboration with Roche. 
 
 We use the capital we have raised to fund operating and investing activities across platform research operations, drug discovery, clinical development, digital and other infrastructure, creation of our portfolio of intellectual property and administrative support. We do not have any products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenues from product sales. We had cash and cash equivalents of 427.6 million as of September 30, 2024. Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. 
 
 Since inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. Our net losses were 95.8 million and 284.8 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Our net losses were 93.0 million and 235.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, our accumulated deficit was 1.3 billion. 
 
 We anticipate that we will need to raise additional financing in the future to fund our operations, including the potential commercialization of any approved product candidates. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate significant product revenue, we expect to finance our operations with our existing cash and cash equivalents, any future equity or debt financings and upfront, milestone and royalty payments, if any, received under current or future license or collaboration agreements. We may not be able to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations: 
 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Three months ended September 30, Change Nine months ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 
 
 Revenue Operating revenue 26,082 10,102 15,980 >100 53,977 33,252 20,725 62 Grant revenue 431 (431) (100) 316 432 (116) (27) Total revenue 26,082 10,533 15,549 >100 54,293 33,684 20,609 61 Operating costs and expenses Cost of revenue 12,079 10,877 1,202 11 32,444 32,706 (262) (1) Research and development 74,600 70,007 4,593 7 216,087 171,744 44,344 26 General and administrative 37,757 29,199 8,558 29 100,998 80,364 20,634 26 Total operating costs and expenses 124,436 110,083 14,353 13 349,529 284,814 64,716 23 Loss from operations (98,354) (99,550) 1,196 1 (295,236) (251,130) (44,107) 18 Other income, net 2,679 6,533 (3,854) (59) 9,347 16,060 (6,713) (42) Loss before income tax benefit (95,675) (93,017) (2,658) 3 (285,889) (235,070) (50,820) 22 Income tax benefit (167) (167) n/m 1,134 1,134 n/m Net loss (95,842) (93,017) (2,825) 3 (284,755) (235,070) (49,686) 21 
 
 n/m = Not meaningful 
 
 Revenue 
 
 The following table summarizes our components of revenue: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Change Nine months ended September 30, Change (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 
 
 2024 2023 
 
 Revenue Operating revenue 26,082 10,102 15,980 >100 53,977 33,252 20,725 62 Grant revenue 431 (431) (100) 316 432 (116) (27) Total revenue 26,082 10,533 15,549 >100 54,293 33,684 20,609 61 
 
 Operating revenue is generated through research and development agreements derived from strategic alliances. We are entitled to receive variable consideration as certain milestones are achieved. The timing of revenue recognition is not directly correlated to the timing of cash receipts. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in revenue compared to prior period was due to revenue recognized from our strategic partnership with Roche. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized revenue related to the acceptance fee for the completion of a Phenomap for one of our neuroscience performance obligations. Prior to the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had fully constrained the 30.0 million acceptance fee. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenue 
 
 The following table summarizes our cost of revenue: 
 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Three months ended September 30, Change Nine months ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 
 
 2024 2023 
 
 Total cost of revenue 12,079 10,877 1,202 11 32,444 32,706 (262) (1) 
 
 Cost of revenue consists of the Company s costs to provide services for drug discovery required under performance obligations with partnership customers. These primarily include materials costs, service hours performed by our employees and depreciation of property and equipment. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the change in cost of revenue compared to prior period was insignificant. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 The following table summarizes our components of research and development expense: 
 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Three months ended September 30, Change Nine months ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 
 
 2024 2023 
 
 Research and development expense Platform 37,227 28,908 8,319 29 95,961 68,914 27,047 39 Discovery 16,584 15,513 1,071 7 48,767 45,467 3,300 7 Clinical 13,004 18,590 (5,586) (30) 44,310 42,591 1,719 4 Stock based compensation 9,457 6,748 2,709 40 26,031 14,063 11,968 85 Other (1,672) 248 (1,920) n/m 1,018 709 309 44 Total research and development expense 74,600 70,007 4,593 7 216,087 171,744 44,343 26 
 
 n/m = Not meaningful 
 
 Research and development expenses account for a significant portion of our operating expenses. We recognize research and development expenses as they are incurred. Research and development expenses consist of costs incurred in performing activities including: 
 
 costs to develop and operate our platform; 
 costs of discovery efforts which may lead to development candidates, including research materials and external research; 
 costs for clinical development of our investigational products; 
 costs for materials and supplies associated with the manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients, investigational products for preclinical testing and clinical trials; 
 personnel-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation for employees engaged in research and development functions; 
 costs associated with operating our digital infrastructure; and 
 other direct and allocated expenses incurred as a result of research and development activities, including those for facilities, depreciation, amortization and insurance. 
 
 We recognize expenses associated with third-party contracted services as they are incurred. Upon termination of contracts with third parties, our financial obligations are generally limited to costs incurred or committed to date. Any advance payments for goods or services to be used or rendered in future research and product development activities pursuant to a contractual arrangement are classified as prepaid expenses until such goods or services are rendered. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Significant components of research and development expense include the following allocated by development phase: Platform, which refers primarily to expenses related to screening of product candidates through hit identification; Discovery, which refers primarily to expenses related to hit identification through development of candidates; and Clinical, which refers primarily to expenses related to development of candidates and beyond. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in research and development expenses compared to the prior period was driven by our platform and personnel costs as we continue to expand and upgrade our platform, including our chemical technology, machine learning and transcriptomics platform. 
 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 
 The following table summarizes our general and administrative expense: 
 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Three months ended September 30, Change Nine months ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 
 
 2024 2023 
 
 Total general and administrative expense 37,757 29,199 8,558 29 100,998 80,364 20,634 26 
 
 We expense general and administrative costs as incurred. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries; including employee benefits and stock-based compensation. General and administrative expenses also include facilities, depreciation, information technology, professional fees for auditing and tax, legal fees for corporate and patent matters and insurance costs. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in general and administrative expense compared to prior period was primarily driven by an increase in salaries and wages of 6.0 million and increases in software and lease expense. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in general and administrative expense compared to prior period was primarily driven by an increase in software and lease expense. 
 
 Other Income, Net 
 
 The following table summarizes our components of other income, net: 
 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Three months ended September 30, Change Nine months ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 
 
 2024 2023 
 
 Interest income 3,826 4,977 (1,151) (23.1) 11,138 14,594 (3,456) (23.7) Interest expense (553) (25) (528) >100 (967) (71) (896) >100 Other (594) 1,581 (2,175) n/m (824) 1,537 (2,361) n/m Other income, net 2,679 6,533 (3,854) (59.0) 9,347 16,060 (6,713) (41.8) 
 
 n/m = Not meaningful 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the decrease in interest income compared to prior period related to a decrease in earnings on cash and cash equivalents in money market funds. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity 
 
 We have not yet commercialized any products and do not expect to generate revenue from the sales of any product candidates for at least several years. Cash and cash equivalents totaled 427.6 million and 391.6 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 We have incurred operating losses and experienced negative operating cash flows and we anticipate that the Company will continue to incur losses for at least the foreseeable future. Our net loss was 95.8 million and 284.8 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Our net loss was 93.0 million 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 and 235.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 1.3 billion and 967.6 million, respectively. 
 
 We have financed our operations through the private placements of preferred stock and Class A common stock issuances. As of September 30, 2024, we have received net proceeds of 448.9 million from the sale of preferred stock and 1.0 billion from Class A common stock issuances. See Note 8, Common Stock to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on Class A common stock issuances. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, we have received proceeds of 213.0 million from our strategic partnerships. See Note 9, Collaborative Development Contracts to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on the Roche partnership. 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table is a summary of the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the periods presented below: 
 Nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash used in operating activities (243,744) (213,703) Cash used in investing activities (15,397) (7,740) Cash provided by financing activities 293,481 59,474 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash used by operating activities increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of higher costs incurred for research and development and general and administrative due to the Company s expansion and upgraded capabilities. 
 
 Cash used by operating activities increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of an upfront payment of 150.0 million from our strategic partnership with Roche received in 2022. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted of property and equipment purchases of 12.4 million, which included 2.9 million to upgrade the BioHive-2 supercomputer and lab equipment purchases. Additionally, investing activities included the purchase of an intangible asset of 3.0 million from Helix. 
 
 Cash used by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted primarily of purchases of property and equipment of 9.9 million, which included 1.7 million for a project to upgrade the BioHive -1 supercomputer and lab equipment purchases. The cash used was partially offset by 1.9 million of net cash acquired in the acquisition of a business. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily included p roceeds of 289.4 million from Class A common stock issuances related to our June 2024 public offering of Class A common stock and our at-the-market offering (ATM). Financing inflows also included proceeds from equity incentive plans of 6.4 million. 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily included proceeds of 50.0 million from the NVIDIA private placement. Financing cash inflows also included proceeds from equity incentive plans of 9.5 million. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 
 A summary of the Company s significant accounting estimates and policies is included in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our 2023 Annual Report. There were no significant changes in the Company s application of its critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2, Basis of Presentation in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates of our cash and cash equivalents. As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents primarily consisted of money market funds. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in U.S. interest rates. A hypothetical 100 basis point decrease in interest rates as of as of September 30, 2024 , would have an insignificant effect on net loss in the ensuing year. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 Our employees and our operations are primarily located in the United States and Canada and our expenses are generally denominated in U.S. and Canadian dollars. We also have entered into a limited number of contracts with vendors for research and development services that have underlying payment obligations denominated in foreign currencies. We are subject to foreign currency transaction gains or losses on our contracts denominated in foreign currencies. To date, foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been material to our financial statements, and we do not have a formal hedging program with respect to foreign currency. A 10 increase or decrease in current exchange rates would have an insignificant effect on our financial results during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer (our Chief Executive Officer) and principal financial officer (our Chief Financial Officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management has evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives as management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective due to the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting disclosed in Part II, Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Remediation of Material Weakness 
 
 The following remediation actions have been taken as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Improvement of documentation procedures regarding specific inquiries related to the cost model used for revenue recognition and the resulting responses 
 Improvement of documentation for the review of changes in cost model due to responses from inquiries 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Provided additional documentation for internal reports to validate and support completeness and accuracy of reports 
 Improvement of documentation of these processes was done with the input of our third-party consultants who continue to be involved in the design and enhancement of the revenue recognition policies and procedures 
 
 While significant progress has been made to enhance our internal control over financial reporting, we are still testing these remediated processes, procedures and controls. We believe the above actions will be effective in remediating the material weakness described above. However, the material weakness cannot be considered remediated until controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. As such, we were unable to conclude that the material weakness has been remediated as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 With the exception of the steps taken to remediate the material weakness as described above, there were no other changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 The Company may, from time to time, be involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. An unfavorable resolution of any such matter could materially affect the Company s future financial position, results of operations or cash flows. For more information pertaining to legal proceedings, see Part I, Item 1, Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. For a detailed discussion of the risks that affect our business. Please refer to the sections titled Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 Annual Report; Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, and the risk factors disclosed under Item 8.01 in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 3, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 (a) Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 Stock Option Exercises 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued 112 thousand shares of our Class A common stock to our employees, directors, advisors and consultants upon the exercise of stock options under our Key Personnel Incentive Stock Plan for aggregate consideration of approximately 38 thousand. The shares of Class A common stock issued upon the exercise of stock options were issued pursuant to written compensatory plans or arrangements with our employees, directors, advisors and consultants, in reliance on the exemption provided by Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, relative to transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering, to the extent an exemption from such registration was required. All recipients either received adequate information about our company or had access, through employment or other relationships, to such information. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 
 Exhibit Index: 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit number Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date Filed / Furnished Herewith 2.1 Transaction Agreement by and between Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Exscientia plc dated as of August 8, 2024. 
 8-K 001-40323 2.1 August 8, 2024 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 8-K 001-40323 3.1 April 21, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 8-K 001-40323 3.1 January 31, 2024 4.1 Specimen Class A common stock certificate of the Registrant. 
 S-1/A 333-254576 4.2 April 15, 2021 4.2 Exchangeable Share Support Agreement, dated May 8, 2023. 
 S-3ASR 333-272281 4.2 May 30, 2023 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 24, 2022, by and among the Company and the Purchasers. 
 8-K 001-40323 10.2 October 25, 2022 4.4 Registration Agreement, dated May 16, 2023, by and among the Registrant, Valence Discovery, Inc., and certain shareholders of Valence Discovery, Inc. 
 S-3ASR 333-272281 4.3 May 30, 2023 4.5 Registration Agreement, dated May 25, 2023, by and among the Registrant, Recursion Canada Inc., and certain shareholders of Cyclica Inc. 
 8-K 001-40323 4.1 June 9, 2023 4.6 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 11, 2023, by and among the Registrant and NVIDIA. 
 8-K 001-40323 10.2 July 12. 2023 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 10.1 Form of Voting and Support Agreement. 
 8-K 001-40323 10.1 August 8, 2024 10.2 Form of Irrevocable Undertaking (Institutional). 
 8-K 001-40323 10.2 August 8, 2024 10.3 Form of Irrevocable Undertaking (Individual). 
 8-K 001-40323 10.3 August 8, 2024 10.4 Irrevocable Undertaking of Evotec SE dated August 28, 2024. 
 8-K 001-40323 10.1 August 28, 2024 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X Exhibits and/or schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally copies of any of the omitted exhibits and schedules upon request by the SEC; provided, however, that the registrant may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act for any exhibits or schedules so furnished. The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto are deemed to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized on November 6, 2024. 
 
 RECURSION PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. By: /s/ Christopher Gibson Christopher Gibson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Michael Secora Michael Secora Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-q0324.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 I, Christopher Gibson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Christopher Gibson 
 Christopher Gibson, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

Date November 6, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-q0324.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 I, Michael Secora, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Michael Secora 
 Michael Secora, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

Date November 6, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-q0324.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Recursion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), The undersigned certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Christopher Gibson 
 Christopher Gibson, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 s Michael Secora 
 Michael Secora, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rxrx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 rxrx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 rxrx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 rxrx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rxrx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

