<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241015_10-Q_edgar_data_1616156_0001079973-24-001405.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2348609</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>50248</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>568687</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>466122</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>538222</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>676116</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-24-001405.hdr.sgml : 20241015
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241015164003
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-24-001405
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241015
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241015

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEWARDS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001616156
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				331230099
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55957
		FILM NUMBER:		241372333

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2960 WEST SAHARA AVENUE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-944-5599

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2960 WEST SAHARA AVENUE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLOBAL ENTERTAINMENT CLUBS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170227

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FUTURE WORLD GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Betafox Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140807

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-24-001405.txt : 20241015

10-Q
 1
 wewa_10q-083124.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________to __________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:
 - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of October 14, 2024, the registrant had 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

No. 
 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 	 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and May 31, 2024 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 13 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 18 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 18 
 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 19 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 19 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 19 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 19 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 19 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 19 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 19 

SIGNATURES 
 20 

i 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

WEWARDS, INC. 

 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

August 31, 
 May 31, 

2024 
 2024 
 
 ASSETS 
 (Unaudited) 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expense 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest, related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Long term liabilities: 

Convertible notes payable, related party 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

1 

WEWARDS, INC. 

 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended 

August 31, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenue, related party 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Rent expense 

Professional fees 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense, related party 

Interest income 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Weighted average number of common shares 

outstanding - basic and fully diluted 

Net loss per share - basic and fully diluted 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

2 

WEWARDS, INC. 

 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, May 31, 2024 

Net loss for the three months ended August 31, 2024 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2023 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, May 31, 2023 

Net loss for the three months ended August 31, 2023 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

3 

WEWARDS, INC. 

 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended 

August 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net
 cash used in operating activities: 

Decrease (increase) in assets: 

Prepaid expenses 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest, related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

4 

WEWARDS, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2024 

 (Unaudited) 

 shares of
common stock of the Company (the Shares owned by the Seller, constituting approximately of the Company s 
issued and outstanding common shares at such time, for . In October 2015, the Purchaser
sold the Shares to Mr. Lei Pei, an affiliate of the Purchaser, in consideration of Mr. Pei s agreement to serve as our
director and CEO. On January 8, 2018, by consent of Lei Pei as the Company s principal shareholder, the Company changed its
name to Wewards, Inc. The Company s corporate office is located in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

The Company has developed, and is the owner of a web-based
platform, accessible by mobile apps (the Platform that will enable consumers to purchase goods from merchants and earn
rebates payable in the form of Bitcoin. The Platform provides an innovative Bitcoin rewards ecosystem.
It is designed to transform traditional concepts of commerce into a cooperative society where both merchants and consumers are collaborating,
utilizing Bitcoin to reward consumers. The ecosystem provides consumers with rewards each time they complete a challenge defined by a
merchant. This is intended to make the ecommerce process beneficial to all market participants, and to help distribute commercial wealth
among and between the merchants and consumers. The Company intends to generate revenue by licensing white-label versions
of the Platform to third parties. 

The Company did not generate any revenue, or incur
any software development costs, during the three months ended August 31, 2024 or the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024, and is
now actively seeking licensing arrangements to bring the game to market. 

under current regulations. The Company had approximately and in excess of FDIC insured limits
at August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Licensing Revenue 

We utilize third-party licensees
to distribute and host our games and content in accordance with license agreements, for which the licensees typically pay us a fixed minimum
guarantee and/or sales-based royalties. These arrangements typically include multiple performance obligations, such as a time-based license
of software and future update rights. We recognize as revenue a portion of the minimum guarantee when we transfer control of the license
of software (generally upon commercial launch) and the remaining portion ratably over the contractual term in which we provide the licensee
with future update rights. Any sales-based royalties are generally recognized as the related sales occur by the licensee. 

Significant Judgments
around Revenue Arrangements 

Identifying performance
obligations. Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods and services that will be transferred
to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, (i.e., the customer can benefit from the goods or services either on its own
or together with other resources that are readily available), and are distinct in the context of the contract (i.e., it is separately
identifiable from other goods or services in the contract). To the extent a contract includes multiple promises, we must apply judgment
to determine whether those promises are separate and distinct performance obligations. If these criteria are not met, the promises are
accounted for as a combined performance obligation. 

Determining the transaction
price. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration that we will be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring
our goods and services to the customer. Determining the transaction price often requires judgment, based on an assessment of contractual
terms and business practices. It further includes review of variable consideration such as discounts, sales returns, price protection,
and rebates, which is estimated at the time of the transaction. In addition, the transaction price does not include an estimate of the
variable consideration related to sales-based royalties. Sales-based royalties are recognized as the sales occur. 

Allocating the transaction
price. Allocating the transaction price requires that we determine an estimate of the relative stand-alone selling price for each
distinct performance obligation. Determining the relative stand-alone selling price is inherently subjective, especially in situations
where we do not sell the performance obligation on a stand-alone basis (which occurs in the majority of our transactions). In those situations,
we determine the relative stand-alone selling price based on various observable inputs using all information that is reasonably available.
Examples of observable inputs and information include: historical internal pricing data, cost plus margin analyses, third-party external
pricing of similar or same products and services such as software licenses and maintenance support within the enterprise software industry.
The results of our analysis resulted in a specific percentage of the transaction price being allocated to each performance obligation. 

Determining the Estimated
Offering Period. The offering period is the period in which we offer to provide the future update rights and/or online hosting for
the game. Because the offering period is not an explicitly defined period, we must make an estimate of the offering period for the service-related
performance obligations (i.e., future update rights and online hosting). Determining the Estimated Offering Period is inherently subjective
and is subject to regular revision. Generally, we consider the specified contract period of our software licenses and therefore, the offering
period is estimated to be over the term of the license. We recognize revenue for future update rights and online hosting performance obligations
ratably on a straight-line basis over this period as there is a consistent pattern of delivery for these performance obligations. 

and had negative working
capital of , and as of August 31, 2024, the Company s cash on hand may not be sufficient to sustain operations. These
factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management is actively pursuing licensing
agreements to commence revenues. Since our CEO and majority shareholder, Mr. Pei, acquired control over the Company in May 2015, we have
been wholly dependent upon him and his affiliated companies, to provide financing to us when needed, generally in the form of convertible
loans. There can be no assurance that Mr. Pei will continue to make additional financing available to us when needed. The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of any uncertainty as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial
statements also do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts
and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

in exchange for convertible notes owed to Sky Rover Holdings,
Ltd Sky Rover ), an entity owned and controlled by Mr. Pei . Sky Rover has since been
dissolved, and Mr. Pei has assumed the debt as the beneficial owner. 

The following schedule summarizes the valuation of
financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balance sheets as of August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, respectively: 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Convertible notes payable, related party 

Total liabilities 

Total 

Fair Value Measurements
 at May 31, 2024 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets 

Cash 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Convertible notes payable, related party 

Total liabilities 

Total 

The fair values of our related party debts are deemed
to approximate book value, and are considered Level 2 and 3 inputs as defined by ASC Topic 820-10-35. 

There were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities
between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 inputs for the period ended August 31, 2024 or the year ended May 31, 2024. 

to the Company, of which was loaned on February 28, 2017. Sky Rover was issued an unsecured, , convertible promissory note which is due on (as extended), and is, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder, convertible into common shares at any time before the due date, at a conversion price of per share (subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, forward splits, recapitalizations, a merger, etc.). At the option of the Company, the interest may also be paid by issuing restricted shares of common stock, at the same conversion price per share. On June 26, 2018, the Company repaid of principal of this loan. In addition, Sky Rover converted of principal of this loan into common shares at the conversion price of per share into a total of shares. Sky Rover waived accrued and unpaid interest of , which was credited to additional paid in capital. As of August 31, 2024, there is of accrued interest due on this loan. 

On November 20, 2017, Sky Rover loaned an additional to the Company. Sky Rover was issued an unsecured, , convertible promissory note which is due on (as extended), and is, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder, convertible into common shares at any time before the due date, at a conversion price of per share (subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, forward splits, recapitalizations, a merger, etc.). At the option of the Company, the interest may also be paid by issuing restricted shares of common stock, at the same conversion price per share. As of August 31, 2024, there is of accrued interest on this loan. 

Total convertible notes payable, related party 

Less: current portion 

Convertible notes payable, related party, less current portion 

If Sky Rover converts the remaining of
principal on the Convertible Notes at the present conversion price of per share into shares, those shares, plus the
approximate shares Mr. Pei currently owns, would give him beneficial ownership of shares of the Company s
 then-issued and outstanding shares (assuming that no other shares are issued prior to conversion), which would approximate 
 of the then-outstanding shares. 

The Company recognized of interest expense
for each of the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

shares, par value per share. The voting powers, conversion features, if any, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions
and other rights of the preferred stock shall be prescribed by resolution of the Board of Directors at the time a specific series of preferred
stock is designated. of the preferred shares have been issued as of the date of this Report. 

Common Stock 

 The Company has authorized shares of 
par value Common Stock, and had shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2024. 

of federal net operating losses. The net operating loss carry forwards, if not utilized,
will begin to expire in 2034. 

Based on the available objective evidence, including
the Company s history of losses, management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will not be fully
realizable. Accordingly, the Company provided for a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets at both August 31,
2024 and May 31, 2024. 

In accordance with FASB ASC 740, the Company has evaluated
its tax positions and determined there are no uncertain tax positions. 

12 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The information contained in
this Form 10-Q is intended to update the information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2024
and presumes that readers have access to, and will have read, the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations and other information contained in such Form 10-K. The following discussion and analysis also should
be read together with our financial statements and the notes to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 

The following discussion contains
certain statements that may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Such statements appear in a number of places in this Report, including, without limitation, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These statements are not guarantees of future performance
and involve risks, uncertainties and requirements that are difficult to predict or are beyond our control. Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date of this quarterly report. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We strongly encourage
investors to carefully read the factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2024 in the section
entitled Risk Factors for a description of certain risks that could, among other things, cause actual results to differ
from these forward-looking statements. We assume no responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q. The following should also be read in conjunction with the unaudited Financial Statements and notes thereto that
appear elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

Wewards, Inc. Wewards 
or the Company was incorporated in Nevada on September 10, 2013, as Betafox Corp. 
On January 8, 2018, we changed our name to Wewards, Inc. 

We have developed and are the
owner of a web-based platform accessible by mobile apps (the Platform that will enable consumers to purchase goods from
merchants and earn rebates payable in the form of Bitcoin. The Platform provides an innovative Bitcoin
rewards ecosystem. It is designed to transform traditional concepts of commerce into a cooperative society where both merchants and consumers
are collaborating, utilizing Bitcoin to reward consumers. The ecosystem provides consumers with rewards each time they complete a challenge
defined by a merchant. This is intended to make the ecommerce process beneficial to all market participants, and to help distribute commercial
wealth among and between the merchants and consumers. We intend to generate revenue by licensing white-label versions of
the Platform to third parties. However, to date, no such license agreement has been entered into, and we have not generated any revenues
from the Platform. 

On April 2, 2020, we purchased
intellectual property rights IP from United Power, a Nevada corporation under
common ownership with Lei Pei, our sole officer and director and majority shareholder, for cash consideration of 179,300, based o n
a price determined by an independent valuation. 

The
IP consists of technology and related rights associated with the game Megopoly, an MMO (Massively Multiplayer Online Game).
Megopoly is an MMO board game where players are able to earn fractions of Bitcoins (satoshi) through buying, selling, and managing virtual
real estate properties using in-game currency (Megopoly Coins). The game is similar in some respects to Monopoly. 

The game allows players around
the world to interact with each other online. Players travel (move) through different parts of a city, earning profit by investing in
properties, charging rent, acquiring bonus assets, and selling their properties to other players for in-game currency. A player is able
to progress to higher levels of cities at any time. 

The player s goal in Megopoly
is to earn Megopoly Coins by investing in properties and collecting rent from other players. Players can keep playing the game using their
Megopoly Coins for the opportunity to earn more coins, or they can exchange those coins for Bitcoins based on real-time market exchange
rates. Megopoly is playable at any time through a web browser on a PC, tablet or smart phone, in both Chinese and English. The game has
been designed for players of all skill levels. 

Megopoly is playable at any time
through a web browser on a PC, tablet or smart phone, in both Chinese and English. The game has been designed for players of all skill
levels. We did not generate any revenue during the three months ended August 31, 2024 or 2023. 

The Company terminated its office
lease effective October 31, 2023. 

13 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended
August 31, 2024 and 2023: 

The following table summarizes
selected items from the statement of operations for the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Three Months Ended 

August 31, 
 August 31, 
 Increase / 

2024 
 2023 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenue, related party 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 1,540 
 765 
 775 
 
 Rent expense 
 75 
 45,000 
 (44,925 
 
 Professional fees 
 31,075 
 28,787 
 2,288 
 
 Total operating expenses: 
 32,690 
 74,552 
 (41,862 

Operating loss 
 (32,690 
 (74,552 
 (41,862 

Total other income (expense) 
 (127,409 
 (126,281 
 (1,128 

Net loss 
 (160,099 
 (200,833 
 (40,734 

Revenue, Related Party 

We did not generate any revenues
during the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses
for the three months ended August 31, 2024 were 1,540, compared to 765 during the three months ended August 31, 2023, an increase
of 775, or 101 . The expenses consisted primarily of office, travel, compliance and business development expenses. General and administrative
expense increased during the current period due to increased compliance fees. 

Rent Expense 

Rent expense was 75 for the three
months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 45,000 during the three months ended August 31, 2023, a decrease of 44,925, or 100 .
Rent expense decreased due to the termination of our lease as effective October 31, 2023. 

Professional Fees 

Professional fees for the three
months ended August 31, 2024 were 31,075, compared to 28,787 during the three months ended August 31, 2023, an increase of
 2,288, or 8 . Professional fees increased primarily due to increased audit fees during the current period. 

Operating Loss 

Our operating loss for the three
months ended August 31, 2024 was 32,690, compared to 74,552 during the three months ended August 31, 2023, a decrease of 41,862,
or 56 . Our operating loss decreased primarily due to the termination of our lease on October 31, 2023. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other expense, on a net basis,
for the three months ended August 31, 2024 was 127,409, compared to other expense, on a net basis, of 126,281 during the three
months ended August 31, 2023, an increase of 1,128, or 1 . Other expense consisted of 132,329 of interest expense on related party
loans, as offset by 4,920 of interest income for the three months ended August 31, 2024. Other expense consisted of 132,329 of
interest expense on related party loans, as offset by 6,048 of interest income for the three months ended August 31, 2023. Other
expense, on a net basis, increased primarily due to decreased interest income on cash balances due to falling interest rates. 

14 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the three months
ended August 31, 2024 was 160,099, compared to 200,833 during the three months ended August 31, 2023, a decrease of 40,734,
or 20 . The decreased net loss was due primarily to 44,925 of decreased rent expense related to the termination of our lease on October
31, 2023, as partially offset by decreased interest income on cash balances due to falling interest rates. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following is a summary of
the Company s cash flows used in operating, investing, and financing activities for the three-month periods ended August 31,
2024 and August 31, 2023: 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating Activities 
 (22,645 
 (79,092 
 
 Investing Activities 

Financing Activities 

Net Decrease in Cash 
 (22,645 
 (79,092 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

We have not generated positive
cash flows from operating activities. During the three months ended August 31, 2024, net cash flows used in operating activities
was 22,645. For the same period ended August 31, 2023, net cash flows used in operating activities was 79,092. The decrease in
cash used in operating activities is primarily attributable to our decreased net loss due primarily to decreased rent expense related
to the termination of our lease on October 31, 2023, as partially offset by decreased interest income on cash balances due to falling
interest rates. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

We did not engage in any
investing activities during the three months ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

We did not engage in any
financing activities during the three months ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023. 

Satisfaction of our Cash Obligations for the Next
12 Months 

As of August 31, 2024, our
balance of cash on hand was 741,560, and we had negative working capital of 2,916,413. We do not currently have sufficient funds to
fund our operations at their current levels for the next twelve months. As we continue to develop our business and attempt to expand operational
activities, we expect to continue to experience net negative cash flows from operations in amounts not now determinable, and will be required
to obtain additional financing to fund operations. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional
capital and to achieve sustainable revenues and profitable operations. Since our CEO and majority shareholder, Mr. Pei, acquired control
over the Company in May 2015, we have been wholly dependent upon him and his affiliated companies, to provide financing to us when needed,
generally in the form of convertible loans. There can be no assurance that Mr. Pei will continue to make additional financing available
to us when needed. 

We will need additional funds
to repay our related party debts should they not be converted to equity. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available
or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing (whether from
our affiliates or third parties), the terms of such financing may contain undue restrictions on our operations and result in substantial
dilution for our stockholders. We cannot guarantee that we will ever become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability, given the competitive
and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability, and our failure to do
so would adversely affect our business, including our ability to raise additional funds. 

Material Commitments 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report, we do
not have any material commitments. 

15 

Purchase of Significant Equipment 

We do not have any agreements
at this time, to purchase any significant equipment during the next twelve months. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of the date of this Quarterly
Report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources that are material to investors. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make assumptions,
estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies,
if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that are significant to the preparation of our financial statements. These accounting
policies are important for an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. Critical accounting policies are those
that are most important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require management s subjective
or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may
change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to financial statements
and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management s current judgments. 

While our significant accounting
policies are more fully described in notes to our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, we believe that the following
accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results and affect the
more significant judgments and estimates that we used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 

The Company maintains our cash
in bank deposit accounts, the balances of which at times may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to 250,000 under current regulations. The Company had approximately 491,560 and 514,205 in excess of
FDIC insured limits at August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue
in accordance with ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue from the licensing
of our software by applying the following steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in
the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract;
and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. All revenues to date have been recognized from licensing Megopoly
and related IP to Sandbx Corp., a separate company owned by the Chief Operating Officer of
United Power and FL Galaxy, related parties of the Company, as our Chief Executive Officer, Lei Pei, is also the Chief Executive
Officer of United Power and FL Galaxy. 

We derive
revenue principally from licensing our intellectual property, including our game, and related extra content and services that can be utilized
by players of our game. Our product and service offerings include, but are not limited to, licensing to third parties software
license to distribute and host our games and content Online-Hosted Service Games ). 

We evaluate
and recognize revenue by: 

identifying the contract(s) with the customer; 

identifying the performance obligations in the contract; 

determining the transaction price; 

allocating the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied through the transfer of a promised good or service to a customer (i.e.,
 transfer of control ). 

Online-Hosted
Service Games. Sales of our Online-Hosted Service Games are determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online hosting.
We recognize revenue from these arrangements as the service is provided through our licensing agreement(s). 

16 

Licensing Revenue 

We utilize
third-party licensees to distribute and host our games and content in accordance with license agreements, for which the licensees typically
pay us a fixed minimum guarantee and/or sales-based royalties. These arrangements typically include multiple performance obligations,
such as a time-based license of software and future update rights. We recognize as revenue a portion of the minimum guarantee when we
transfer control of the license of software (generally upon commercial launch) and the remaining portion ratably over the contractual
term in which we provide the licensee with future update rights. Any sales-based royalties are generally recognized as the related sales
occur by the licensee. 

Significant Judgments
around Revenue Arrangements 

Identifying
performance obligations. Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods and services that will be
transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, (i.e., the customer can benefit from the goods or services either
on its own or together with other resources that are readily available), and are distinct in the context of the contract (i.e., it is
separately identifiable from other goods or services in the contract). To the extent a contract includes multiple promises, we must apply
judgment to determine whether those promises are separate and distinct performance obligations. If these criteria are not met, the promises
are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. 

Determining
the transaction price. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration that we will be entitled to receive in exchange
for transferring our goods and services to the customer. Determining the transaction price often requires judgment, based on an assessment
of contractual terms and business practices. It further includes review of variable consideration such as discounts, sales returns, price
protection, and rebates, which is estimated at the time of the transaction. In addition, the transaction price does not include an estimate
of the variable consideration related to sales-based royalties. Sales-based royalties are recognized as the sales occur. 

Allocating
the transaction price. Allocating the transaction price requires that we determine an estimate of the relative stand-alone selling
price for each distinct performance obligation. Determining the relative stand-alone selling price is inherently subjective, especially
in situations where we do not sell the performance obligation on a stand-alone basis (which occurs in the majority of our transactions).
In those situations, we determine the relative stand-alone selling price based on various observable inputs using all information that
is reasonably available. Examples of observable inputs and information include: historical internal pricing data, cost plus margin analyses,
third-party external pricing of similar or same products and services such as software licenses and maintenance support within the enterprise
software industry. The results of our analysis resulted in a specific percentage of the transaction price being allocated to each performance
obligation. 

Determining
the Estimated Offering Period. The offering period is the period in which we offer to provide the future update rights and/or online
hosting for the game. Because the offering period is not an explicitly defined period, we must make an estimate of the offering period
for the service-related performance obligations (i.e., future update rights and online hosting). Determining the Estimated Offering Period
is inherently subjective and is subject to regular revision. Generally, we consider the specified contract period of our software licenses
and therefore, the offering period is estimated to be over the term of the license. We recognize revenue for future update rights and
online hosting performance obligations ratably on a straight-line basis over this period as there is a consistent pattern of delivery
for these performance obligations. 

Software Development Costs 

The Company expenses software
development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be sold, leased, or marketed
to external users, before technological feasibility is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before the release
of such products. Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and cloud-based
applications used to deliver our services. The Company capitalizes development costs related to these software applications once the preliminary
project stage is complete and it is probable that the project will be completed, and the software will be used to perform the function
intended. Capitalization ends, and amortization begins when the product is available for general release to customers. 

17 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management,
with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, who is one and the same, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of August 31, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management
necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of August 31, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material
weaknesses identified and described in Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024 under Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no significant
changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) or in other
factors that occurred during the period of our evaluation or subsequent to the date we carried out our evaluation which have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. The design of any system of controls
and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no assurance that any system
of controls and procedures will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

18 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to any legal
or administrative proceedings that we believe, individually or in the aggregate, would be likely to have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting
company , the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

During the quarter ended August 31,
2024, no director or officer of the Company or a contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of
securities of the Company intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) and/or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are included as part of this report by reference: 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K-1 filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on March 1, 2017) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated January 18, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Form 8-A filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on July 2, 2018) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of
 Wewards, Inc., f/k/a Betafox Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-A filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission by Wewards, Inc. on July 2, 2018) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description
 of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and exchange
 Commission by Wewards, Inc. on August 31, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Intellectual
 Property Rights Purchase and Transfer Agreement between Wewards, Inc. and United Power, Inc., dated as of April 2, 2020 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on August 31, 2020) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant
 to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant
 to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File
 because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. 

19 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WEWARDS, INC. 

Date: October 15, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Lei Pei 

Lei Pei 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT
TO 
RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Lei Pei, certify that: 

1. I have
reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Wewards, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Lei
Pei 

 Lei Pei 

 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer 

Dated: October 15, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Quarterly Report of Wewards, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending August 31, 2024 (the Report I, Lei Pei, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

1. The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 15, 2024 

/s/ Lei Pei 

 Name: Lei Pei 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 wewa-20240831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 wewa-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 wewa-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 wewa-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

