<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1722969_0001214659-24-018792.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5877100</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>131918</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1060879</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1618821</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1379945</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1533185</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-24-018792.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112203023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-24-018792
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nxu, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001722969
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCK & BUS BODIES [3713]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				814380534
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41509
		FILM NUMBER:		241450772

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7259 EAST POSADA AVE
		CITY:			MESA
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		602-309-5425

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1828 N HIGLEY RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 116
		CITY:			MESA
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Atlis Motor Vehicles Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-24-018792.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 nxu103024310q.htm

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

. 

 , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

 Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report: N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 x 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to
Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x 

As of November 12, 2024, there were 
 and 
 shares of the Registrant s Class A and Class B Common Stock outstanding, respectively, par value 0.0001. 

INDEX 

Page 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three and Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 6 

ITEM 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 22 

ITEM 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 29 

ITEM 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 29 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 29 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 29 

ITEM 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 32 

ITEM 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 32 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 32 

ITEM 5. 
 Other Information 
 
 32 

ITEM 6. 
 Exhibits 
 
 32 

Signatures 
 
 34 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 Item 1. Financial Statements 

 NXU, INC. and Subsidiaries 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
(Unaudited) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Notes receivable from related party, net of allowance for doubtful
accounts of and , respectively 
 - 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Assets held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use assets, net 

Investment in Lynx, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Variable share settled restricted stock units 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Other current liabilities 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Convertible debt and warrant liability, at fair value 

Other long-term liabilities 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Class A Common Stock, par value ; shares authorized; issued 
and outstanding as of September 30, 2024; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 

Class B Common Stock, par value ; 
authorized; issued and 
outstanding at September 30, 2024; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value ; shares authorized; issued and 
outstanding at September 30, 2024; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements (unaudited). 

- 1 - 

NXU, INC. and Subsidiaries 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share data) 
(Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Depreciation 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross loss 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 - 

General and administrative 

Advertising 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income (expense) 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

Impairment of held for sale assets, net 

Impairment of investment in Lynx 

Loss on operating lease cancellation 

(Loss) gain on sale or disposal of property and equipment 

Warrant expense 

Gain on convertible debt and warrant liability 

Other income 

Total other (loss) income, net 

Net loss 

Loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding used in computing loss per share: 

See accompanying notes
to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

- 2 - 

NXU, INC. and Subsidiaries 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
(Unaudited) 

Three
 Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Common
 Stock 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 Total 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 

- 

Class B common stock issued 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued under stock compensation plans 

Forfeitures of restricted stock and restricted stock surrendered in lieu
 of withholding taxes 

Net loss 

- 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

- 

Nine
 Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Common
 Stock 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Series
 A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 

Class A common stock issued for cash under ATM 

Class B common stock issued 

Conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued under stock compensation plans 

Forfeitures of restricted stock and restricted stock surrendered in lieu
 of withholding taxes 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements (unaudited). 

- 3 - 

NXU, INC. and Subsidiaries 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
(Unaudited) 

Three
 Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Common
 Stock 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 Total 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

Class A common stock issued for cash 

Class B common stock issued 

Stock-based compensation 

Exercise of warrants 

Conversion of long term debt to equity 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Nine
 Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Common
 Stock 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Class A common stock issued for cash 

Class B common stock issued 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued for services 

Exercise of warrants 

Exercise of stock options 

Conversion of long term debt to equity 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements (unaudited). 

- 4 - 

NXU, INC. and Subsidiaries 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Amounts in thousands) 
(Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Allowance for estimated loss on note receivable due from related party 

Depreciation and amortization 

Employee stock-based compensation 

Non-employee stock-based compensation 

Non-cash warrant expense 

Net change in operating lease assets and liabilities 

Loss on operating lease cancellation 

Loss on write-off of inventory 

(Gain) loss on the sale or disposal of property and equipment 

Loss on impairment of lease right-of-use assets and related improvements 

Loss on impairment of assets held for sale, net 

Loss on impairment of investment in Lynx 

Gain on fair value of convertible debt and warrant liability 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventory 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Capitalized patent costs 

Note receivable from related party 

Payments on financing liability 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from public offering, net of equity offering costs 

Proceeds from ATM, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt 

Payments on convertible debt 

Payments on financing liability 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Debt converted to equity 

Operating lease right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability 

Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 

Stock-based compensation expense capitalized to property and equipment 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements (unaudited). 

- 5 - 

NXU, INC. and Subsidiaries 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (Unaudited) 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP")
and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, which require us to make estimates based on assumptions about current, and for
some estimates, future economic and market conditions which affect reported amounts and related disclosures in our financial statements.
Although our estimates contemplate current and expected future conditions, it is reasonably possible that actual conditions could differ
from our expectations, which could materially affect our results of operations, our financial position and cash flows. The results for
any of the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or any other period. In the
opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation with respect to
interim financial statements, have been included. 

Certain information and note disclosures normally
included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations.
The December 31, 2023 balance sheet was derived from audited financial statements. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in
conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("2023 10-K"). 

References to amounts in the consolidated financial
statement sections are in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise specified. 

Reverse Stock Split 

On December 26, 2023, the Company effected a of the shares of common stock of the Company. All historical share and per share amounts reflected throughout the
financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to give effect to the reverse stock split. See Note 13 Stock-based Compensation
and Common Stock for further discussion. 

Correction of Immaterial Misclassification 

Management identified an immaterial error in its
previously reported stock-based compensation expense in the June 30, 2023 unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Correction
of the error resulted in a decrease to stock-based compensation expense of million for the three months ended September 30, 2023
and a million decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The restatement had no effect on stockholders 
equity as of September 30, 2023 and had no other effect to the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the
recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The Company
has incurred recurring losses from operations and has not yet achieved profitability in its charging operations. During the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred a net loss of million and had net cash used in operating activities of 
million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million in cash and an accumulated deficit of million. These
conditions indicate that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after
the condensed consolidated financial statement issuance date. 

Unforeseen circumstances could occur at any time
within the next twelve months or thereafter that could increase the need for the Company to raise additional capital on an immediate basis.
The Company cannot provide any assurance that access to capital will be readily available when needed. 

Company management is addressing this risk by,
among other things, entering into the Merger Agreement, pursuing all available options for funding, including seeking funding in the form
of potential equity and/or debt financing arrangements or similar transactions, further reducing expenses, selling assets and exploring
strategic alternatives for its business. The Company cannot provide any assurance that it will be successful in closing the Merger or
implementing any strategic alternative or other such actions, which may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions beyond the Company s
control. 

thousand and thousand, respectively, of revenue related to retail charging services. 

During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, the Company recognized no revenue from the delivery of battery systems and components. During each of the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million from the delivery of battery systems and components. 

Office equipment 

Vehicles 

Total carrying amount of assets held for sale 

Less: Carrying amount in excess of fair value (less selling costs) 

Fair value of assets held for sale 

The Company ceased recording depreciation expense
related to assets held for sale as of June 30, 2024. 

Leasehold improvements 

Tools and plant equipment 

Office equipment 

Software 

Vehicles 

Total property and equipment excluding construction in progress 

Less: Impairment of property and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment excluding construction in progress, net 

Charging station equipment and charging site construction in progress 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense was 
million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively of which million and million,
respectively, was recorded to general and administrative expense, and million and million, respectively, was expensed to cost
of revenue. Depreciation and amortization expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2023, respectively, the majority of which was recorded to general and administrative expense, and a nominal amount was capitalized to
cost of revenue. 

The Company recorded impairment charges for leasehold
improvements classified as property and equipment of and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively.
See Note 11 Leases for additional information. 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid rent 

Deferred offering costs 

Prepaid legal fees and other prepaid expenses 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued contract settlement, current portion 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

In December 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement (the Agreement with QAD, Inc. QAD ), a cloud-based enterprise resource software provider. Under
the Agreement, QAD would facilitate implementation services and access to the cloud-based software platform for a non-cancellable, 5-year
term. Subsequent to executing the Agreement, the Company determined that the software did not fit the Company s needs and the Company
and QAD (collectively, the Parties were unable to successfully implement the software platform. The Parties attempted to
mutually terminate the Agreement but were unsuccessful, and in May 2023, the dispute moved to arbitration to determine whether the Company
owed QAD a payment for cancellation of the contract. On October 27, 2023, the Parties agreed to a settlement whereby the Company has agreed
to pay a termination fee of million to QAD over a 21-month period, upon which the Company will be released from the contract. The
Company accrued the remaining unpaid fee, entirely due within the next twelve months, of million in accounts payable and accrued
liabilities in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. 

 million. The Company s net operating loss carryforwards consist of approximately
 16.6 million related to years prior to 2022, which will carryforward through , and approximately 19.9 million and 23.5 million
for fiscal years 2022 and 2023, respectively, which will carry forward indefinitely. The Company s net operating loss carryforward
of 14.3 million for the first nine months of fiscal year 2024 will also carry forward indefinitely. 

In December 2017, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
of 2017 Tax Act was enacted into law which significantly revised the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The enacted
federal income tax law, among other things, contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including a flat corporate tax rate of
 , limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense to 30 of adjusted taxable income, limitation of the deduction for newly generated
net operating losses to 80 of current year taxable income and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks, future taxation of certain
classes of offshore earnings regardless of whether they are repatriated, immediate deductions for certain new investments instead of deductions
for depreciation expense over time, and modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits beginning in 2018. 

The Company generated an income tax benefit of
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, resulting in a cumulative income tax
benefit of million. The Company has increased its valuation allowance for this deferred tax asset accordingly as the Company s
ability to generate sufficient taxable income to utilize its net operating loss carry forwards is uncertain. The Company s deferred
tax balances primarily consist of its operating loss carryforwards and stock-based compensation. 

The Company recognizes interest and penalties
related to uncertain tax positions in general and administrative expense. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did t have any
unrecognized uncertain tax positions or any associated interest and penalties. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

Equipment Lease 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had an operating
lease for equipment used primarily for battery manufacturing in its leased warehouse space in Mesa, Arizona. The lease had initial terms
of two years and an original expiration date of December 2025. The nature and extent of the Company s use of this lease changed
in the second quarter of 2024, and thus management s projections of future cash flows related to the underlying assets changed as
of June 30, 2024. As such, and in accordance with ASC 360, the Company compared the carrying amount of the lease right-of-use assets to
their fair value, based on estimates of Auction sale proceeds, less costs of sell, and recorded an impairment loss totaling million
as of June 30, 2024. 

On July 3, 2024, the Company executed an agreement
to cancel its equipment lease contract and subsequently purchased all equipment held under the lease Equipment Purchase Agreement for a total purchase price of approximately million. Upon cancelation of the equipment lease, the Company recorded a loss on lease
cancelation of approximately million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Under the terms of the Equipment Purchase Agreement,
title of all assets held under the equipment lease transferred to Nxu. Upon entering into the Equipment Purchase Agreement, the Company
classified all assets acquired as held for sale and subsequently sold substantially all of those assets in the Auction held on August
13, 2024. See Note 4 Assets Held for Sale for additional information related to the Company s Auction results and assets
classified as held for sale as of September 30, 2024. 

Restricted stock units (classified as equity) 
 - 

Stock options 

Total stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation capitalized to property and equipment 

Stock-based compensation, net of capitalized amount 

As of September 30, 2024, the total unrecognized
compensation related to outstanding stock option awards and restricted stock units RSUs was million, which the Company
expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately years. Total unrecognized stock-based compensation will be adjusted
for actual forfeitures. 

During the three months ending March 31, 2023,
the Company issued shares of its Class A common stock to a vendor for services rendered and recognized million of expense related
to this issuance. 

On October 31, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved
an amendment to certain existing stock-based compensation grant agreements to delay the vesting of service-based liability-classified
RSU awards that would have vested between October and December 2023 to vest on January 31, 2024. The
Board of Directors subsequently approved additional amendments in January, March and June 2024 to further delay the vesting of the same
RSUs, including vests between January 2024 and December 2024, until January 2025. 

In March and May 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved
amendments to certain existing Independent Director grant agreements to delay the vesting of service-based liability-classified Director
RSU awards that would have vested between March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2024 until January 31, 2025 (collectively with the amendments
to stock-based compensation grants agreements discussed above, the Amendments ). 

As of the dates of the Amendments, the Company determined there
was no incremental value of the awards in connection with the Amendments. Additionally, as all employees and Directors affected by the
Amendments were still providing service as of the original vest dates, the Company determined it was probable they would meet the service
requirements, and their awards would vest within the initial vesting period of the awards. Therefore, the Company recognized stock-based
compensation expense at the fair value of the awards through the initial vesting dates. The amended awards will remain classified in liabilities
in the consolidated balance sheets of the Company until they are settled in a variable number of shares. 

On February 23, 2024 (the Exchange Date ),
the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors authorized a mandatory Exchange Program (the RSU Exchange Program to provide for the cancellation and exchange of approximately million of stock-based compensation related to unvested RSUs Exchanged
RSUs ), previously recorded as liabilities within the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets, for an option to purchase
shares of Class A common stock of the Company Exchange Option ). The Company accounts for the effects of the RSU Exchange
Program as a modification of liability-classified awards in accordance with ASC 718. 

Pursuant to the RSU Exchange Program, 

On October 23, 2024, the existing RSUs subject to the Amendments
were further amended such that, following the signing of the Merger Agreement, the Company agreed to deliver such RSUs to the RSU holders
in installments in such amounts as the Company determines may be delivered to such holders without jeopardizing the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. See Note 17 Subsequent Events for additional information. 

On October 23, 2024, concurrently with the signing
of the Merger Agreement, Nxu entered into a Board of Directors Agreement (collectively, the Board of Directors Agreements with each of Jessica Billingsley and Britt Ide (each a Non-Employee Director ), pursuant to which, among other things, each
Non-Employee Director will be granted 591,715 RSUs under the Amended Incentive Plan (as defined below). See Note 17 Subsequent
Events for additional information. 

Nxu
Executives hold stock options under the Amended Incentive Plan and/or the Stock Option Plan of Atlis Motor Vehicles, Inc. Pursuant to
compensation-related agreements entered into on October 23, 2024, Nxu Executives have agreed to forfeit all outstanding stock options,
whether vested or unvested, for no consideration immediately prior to a change in control of the Company, provided the per share exercise
price, as adjusted to reflect any changes in the Company s capitalization between October 23, 2024 and the date on which a change
in control of the Company occurs, remains in excess of the Company s closing stock price on the trading day immediately preceding
the date on which the change in control of the Company occurs. 

2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On May 12, 2023, the Company adopted the 2023
Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The purposes of the Plan are to a) encourage the growth of the Company through short
and long-term incentives that are consistent with the Company s objectives; (b) give participants an incentive for excellence in
individual performance; (c) promote teamwork among participants; and (d) give the Company a significant advantage in attracting and retaining
key employees, directors and consultants. To accomplish such purposes, the Plan provides that the Company may grant (i) options, (ii)
stock appreciation rights, (iii) restricted shares, (iv) RSUs, (v) performance-based awards (including performance-based restricted shares
and RSUs), (vi) other share-based awards, (vii) other cash-based awards or (viii) any combination of the foregoing. The Plan was originally
adopted in connection with the consummation of the Company s Reorganization Merger as contemplated by that certain agreement and
plan of merger, dated as of April 14, 2023, by and among the Company, Atlis, and such other parties to the agreement. 

With respect to awards granted under the Plan
and in accordance with the Plan, the Company s Board of Directors (or the Administrator is authorized to deliver
an aggregate of 350 million shares of common stock to be reserved and available for issuance under the Plan (the Initial Share
Limit ), which includes (i) 250 million shares of common stock available for new issuances under the Plan and (ii) 100 million shares
of common stock relating to a portion of outstanding stock options and RSUs assumed by the Company in connection with the Reorganization
Merger; provided, that the total number of shares of common stock that will be reserved, and that may be issued, under the Plan will automatically
increase on the first trading day of each calendar year, beginning with calendar year 2024, by a number of common shares equal to five
percent (5 of the total number of outstanding shares on the last day of the prior calendar year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Administrator may act prior to January 1 of a given year to provide that there will be no such increase in the share reserve for that
year or that the increase in the share reserve for such year will be a lesser number of common shares than provided herein. 

At the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of
the Company held on August 14, 2024 (the 2024 Annual Meeting ), the stockholders of the Company approved the amendment and
restatement of the Nxu, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Amended Incentive Plan ). The primary purposes of the amendment
and restatement are to (i) increase the number of shares of Class A common stock of the Company available for issuance under the Amended
Incentive Plan by an additional shares, and (ii) extend the last date on which awards can be made under the Amended Incentive
Plan to August 13, 2034. 

Common Stock 

Organizational Structure 

As described in Note 1 - Organization and Basis
of Presentation, on May 12, 2023, Atlis completed its Reorganization Merger to Nxu. At the effective time of the Reorganization Merger,
all of the issued and outstanding shares of Atlis s Class A common stock, par value per share Atlis Class A Common
Stock were converted automatically on a one-for-one basis into shares of Nxu s Class A common stock, par value per
share Nxu Class A Common Stock and all of the issued and outstanding shares of Atlis s Class D common stock, par
value 0.0001 per share Atlis Class D Common Stock and, together with Atlis Class A Common Stock, Atlis Common Stock were converted automatically on a one-for-one basis into shares of Nxu s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Nxu
Class B Common Stock and, together with Nxu Class A Common Stock, Nxu Common Stock ), and, as a result, the current
stockholders of Atlis automatically became stockholders of Nxu, holding the same number and percentage of shares of Nxu Common Stock as
they held of Atlis Common Stock as of immediately prior to the Reorganization Merger. 

Issuance and conversion of shares of common stock
pursuant to the Reorganization Merger are considered transactions between entities under common control. As a result, the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements for periods prior to these transactions have been adjusted to combine the previously separate entities
for presentation purposes. 

Except as otherwise required by applicable law,
and the voting rights described below, shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock have the same rights, privileges and powers,
rank equally, share ratably and be identical in all respects and as to all matters. The voting, dividend, liquidation and other rights,
powers and preferences of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers
and preferences of the holders of the preferred stock of any series as may be designated by the Board of Directors of the Company upon
any issuance of the preferred stock of any series. 

In addition, at the effective time of the Reorganization
Merger, (i) each outstanding option to purchase shares of Atlis Class A Common Stock Atlis Option ), whether vested or unvested,
automatically converted into an option to purchase shares of Nxu Class A Common Stock (a Nxu Option and (ii) each outstanding
Atlis RSU (an Atlis Restricted Share ), whether vested or unvested, automatically converted into an RSU of Nxu (a Nxu
RSU ). Each Nxu Option is subject to terms and conditions consistent with the Employee Stock Option Plan and the applicable Atlis
Option award agreement as in effect immediately prior to the effective time. Each Nxu RSU is subject to terms and conditions consistent
with the applicable Atlis RSU award agreement as in effect immediately prior to the effective time. 

At the effective time of the Reorganization Merger, (i) each outstanding
Senior Secured Original Issue 10 Discount Convertible Promissory Note (an Atlis Note convertible into shares of Atlis
Class A Common Stock automatically converted into a Senior Secured Original Issue 10 Discount Convertible Promissory Note convertible
into shares of Nxu Class A Common Stock (a Nxu Note and (ii) each outstanding warrant to purchase shares of Atlis Class
A Common Stock (an Atlis Warrant automatically converted into a warrant to purchase shares of Nxu Class A Common Stock
(a Nxu Warrant ). Each Nxu Note is subject to terms and conditions consistent with the applicable Atlis Note as in effect
immediately prior to the effective time. Each Nxu Warrant is subject to terms and conditions consistent with the applicable Atlis Warrant
as in effect immediately prior to the effective time. 

At the 2024 Annual Meeting, the stockholders of the Company approved
an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ). In connection
with such approval, on August 16, 2024, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter
Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware that amends Article V of the Certificate of Incorporation in its
entirety in order to provide that the Company expressly elects to be governed by Section 242(d) of the Delaware General Corporation Law Section 242(d) ), which permits a corporation to increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of class of stock,
or to reclassify by combining the issued shares of a class of capital stock into a lesser number of issued shares (that is, a reverse
stock split) if, among other things, (a) the class of stock is listed on a national securities exchange and will meet the listing requirements
of that exchange relating to the minimum number of holders immediately after the amendment becomes effective and (b) the votes cast for 
the amendment exceed the votes cast against the amendment at a meeting at which a quorum of the stockholders is present
in person or by proxy. As a result, so long as the requirements of Section 242(d) are satisfied, increases or decreases to the number
of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, and reverse splits of the Company s Class A common stock, may be approved
by the votes cast standard described above. Broker non-votes, abstentions, and shares not present in person or by proxy at a stockholder
meeting would have no effect on the outcome of whether these amendments are approved by stockholders. 

In 2022, the Company began issuing Class B shares of common stock.
These shares are not traded openly nor available for sale to the public. Class B shares are offered only to the (1) Chief Executive Officer
and (2) President of the Company. At all meetings of stockholders and on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation
generally, each holder of Class A common stock, as such, shall have the right to one (1) vote per share of Class A common stock held of
record by such holder and each holder of Class B common stock, as such, shall have the right to ten (10) votes per share of Class B common
stock held of record by such holder. The shares of Class B common stock are not entitled to receive any dividends or any distribution
upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company. Class B shares are not convertible,
are deemed to have no economic value, and upon a holder s cessation of service to the Company, such holder shall, on the one-year
anniversary of such cessation, surrender to the Company for no consideration all shares of Class B shares owned by such holder. 

Common
Stock Offerings 

On February
21, 2023, the Company completed a public offering of million units at a public offering price of per unit (the February
2023 Offering ). Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, Series A warrants to purchase shares of Class A common
stock (the Series A Warrants ), and Series B warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock (the Series
B Warrants ). See Note 14 - Convertible Notes and Warrant Liability for more information
regarding the Series A and Series B warrants. Proceeds from the offering, net of offering costs, were approximately 12.0 million. 

On August
11, 2023, the Company completed a public offering of million units at an offering price of per unit (the August
2023 Offering ). Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock (or a pre-funded warrant in lieu thereof) and one common
warrant, with each warrant exercisable for two shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 45.00 per share (the August
2023 Warrants). See Note 14 - Convertible Notes and Warrant Liability for more information
regarding the August 2023 Warrants. Proceeds from the offering, net of offering costs, were approximately 4.5 million. 

On
September 27, 2022, a stock purchase agreement between the Company and GEM Global Yield LLC SCS and GEM Yield Bahamas Limited,
respectively (together, GEM Global became effective whereby GEM Global committed to purchase up to 300.0 million in
shares of the Company s Class A common stock for up to three years (the GEM Stock Purchase Facility ). In
connection with the GEM Stock Purchase Facility, GEM Global would earn a commitment fee proportionate to number of shares sold in
the first year, or a million commitment fee on September 27, 2023 if no shares were sold. As of September 27, 2023, the Company
had not sold any shares under the GEM Stock Purchase Facility and, as such, registered 0.3 million Class A common shares, 
million of which were immediately issuable to GEM Global for payment of the commitment fee. Additionally, in connection with the
share registration, approximately thousand warrants were issuable to GEM Global. On 

On October 23, 2023, the Company completed a public
offering of million shares of its Class A common stock at an offering price of per share. Proceeds from the offering, net of
offering costs, were approximately million. 

In November 2023, the Company launched its ATM
pursuant to its shelf registration on Form S-3 for sale from time to time of up to 75.0 million of Class A common stock. As of September
30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold approximately 9.1 million shares of its Class A common stock, resulting in 14.0 million of
proceeds, net of commissions and offering costs. 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

Share Exchange Agreement with Lynx Motor Corporation 

On
December 27, 2023, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with
Lynx, pursuant to which Lynx sold to the Company, and the Company purchased from Lynx, a number of newly issued shares of Lynx representing
15 of the issued and outstanding equity interests in Lynx in exchange for newly issued shares of series A convertible preferred
stock, par value per share, of the Company (the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or Series A Convertible
Preferred Shares ). Each Series A Convertible Preferred Share is convertible into 1,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, of the Company for a conversion price of 3.00 per share. The Share Exchange Agreement contains customary representations
and warranties by the Company. As a part of the transaction, the Company designated one person to serve on the board of directors of Lynx.
The Company s investment in Lynx is presented within investment in Lynx at the fair market value of the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock on the transaction date, with the corresponding issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock presented within stockholders 
equity in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

On January 29, 2024,
the Company registered million shares of Class A common stock, par value , pursuant to the terms of its Share Exchange
Agreement with Lynx, under which Nxu sold to Lynx 1,000 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock, par value , which
are convertible into shares of Class A common stock. The Company did not sell any shares of its Class A common stock and received no proceeds
from the offering. On February 8, 2024, Lynx converted all the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into 1.0 million shares of Class A
common stock. 

The Company assessed
its investment in Lynx determining that Lynx s fair value had deteriorated due to its delay in vehicle production and related sales
and its need to raise capital through discounted equity offerings to fund continuing operations. In accordance
with ASC 321, Equity Investments, the Company performed a qualitative assessment of various impairment indicators, including proposed
terms for a discounted private funding round, and concluded the investment in Lynx was impaired as of September 30, 2024. As a result, and since the impairment charge was both probable and reasonably
estimable as of September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an estimated impairment loss equal to the difference between the fair value
of the investment and its carrying amount. An
impairment charge of million was recorded within other (loss) income, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company will adjust the amount of the impairment charge, as necessary, based upon finalizing the valuation
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. 

Concurrently with
the Share Exchange Agreement, Lynx issued a non-interest bearing promissory note Note in the principal amount of
 0.3 million to Lynx in exchange for 0.3 million in immediately available funds from the Company. The Note was originally due and
payable by June 2024 and is presented in notes receivable from related party in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets.
Effective June 28, 2024, the Company and Lynx agreed to amend the terms of the Note, which was extended to be repaid over nine
months at an annual interest rate of 8 (the Amended Note ). Scheduled payments on the Amended Note included an upfront
principal payment of 20,000, which was due and paid upon execution of the amendment, eight payments of 20,000 in principal and
interest from July 2024 to February 2025, and a lump sum payment of the remaining principal and interest of approximately 0.08
million due no later than March 27, 2025. Pursuant to the Notice of Promissory Note Default; Demand (the Notice of
Default dated September 9, 2024, Lynx is in default on repayment of the Amended Note. As of the date of this Form 10-Q, the
Company is engaged in further discussion with Lynx about the terms of the Amended Note, which is due immediately. Ongoing
discussions contemplate Lynx s offer to make payment on the note in shares of Lynx, rather than in cash funds. While
management of the Company is actively participating in negotiations, the Company currently intends to pursue recovery of the note in
full, including accrued interest, in cash; however, the Company has recognized an allowance for estimated losses of million
as of September 30, 2024. 

The total number of shares of all classes of capital
stock which the Company has authority to issue is 5.0 billion shares, consisting of (1) 5.0 billion authorized shares of common stock,
including (a) 4.0 billion authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, (b) 1.0 billion authorized shares of Class B common stock and (2)
10.0 million authorized shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

 million and common stock warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of 1,543 shares of Class A common stock (the First Tranche to the Investors pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for net
proceeds of million. These Convertible Notes have a maturity date of 24 months from the issuance date. Subsequently, upon reaching
the Reset Date, the exercise price of the remaining balance was changed to 96.05 per share. These Convertible Notes are secured by a
first priority security interest in all of the assets of the Company. 

On January 5, 2023, the Company entered into an
amendment to the Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which the Company and each Investor
agreed, among other things, to amend the terms and conditions of the second tranche of funding and terminate the third tranche of funding
contemplated under the Purchase Agreement. In connection with the Purchase Agreement Amendment, the Company also issued a warrant to the
Investors to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the Purchase Agreement Amendment
Tranche ). 

Second Tranche 

On January 27, 2023, the Investors exercised their
rights to purchase the allowable amounts under the Purchase Agreement Amendment and the Company issued the second tranche of the Convertible
Notes in the aggregate principal amount of million and common stock warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Class
A common stock (the Second Tranche to the Investors pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for net proceeds of million.
These Convertible Notes have a maturity date of 24 months from the issuance date. Subsequently, upon reaching the Reset Date, the exercise
price of the remaining balance was changed to 112.32 per share. 

The Company elected the fair value option to account
for the Convertible Notes, as further discussed in Note 15 Fair Value. As such, the Company recorded the Convertible Notes at
fair value and subsequently remeasures them at fair value at each reporting date. Changes in fair value are recognized as a component
of other income (expense), net in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Estimated activity related to the Company s
Convertible Notes during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 were as follows (in thousands): 

Convertible Notes issued during the period 

Conversions 

Payments 

Change in fair value measurement 

Convertible Notes liability at September 30, 2024 

Warrant Liability 

As discussed in previous sections of this Form
10-Q, the Company has issued warrants in connection with various capital raises. The following tables summarizes the Company s warrants
outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Issued 

Exercised 

September 30, 2024 

Purchase Agreement Amendment 

Second Tranche 

Series A 

No Reset 

N/A 

Series B 

No Reset 

(1) 

N/A 

August 2023 

No Reset 

(2) 

N/A 

GEM Warrants 

No Reset 

N/A 

(1) 

(2) 

In connection with the issuance of the Convertible
Notes, the Investors received a number of common stock warrants equal to 30 of the face value of the Convertible Notes divided by the
VWAP prior to the applicable closing date. The common stock warrants entitle the holder to purchase one share of the Company s Class
A common stock at the exercise price of a) per share Exercise Price or (b) 92.5 of the average of the three
lowest daily VWAP of the common stock during the ten-trading day period Variable Exercise Price ), whichever is lower. The
Exercise Price included a one-time reset at the six-month anniversary of the initial exercise date (the Reset Date to the
lower of the initial Exercise Price and 120 of the daily VWAP on the trading day prior to the Reset Date. The common stock warrants issued
in First Tranche, Purchase Agreement Amendment Tranche, and Second Tranche have a five-year exercise period from their respective
issuance date. Subsequently to their issuance, upon reaching the Reset Date, the Exercise Price of these warrants was changed to 88.65,
 87.38, and 103.68 per share for the First Tranche, Purchase Agreement Amendment Tranche, and Second Tranche, respectively. 

As discussed in Note 13 Stock-based Compensation
and Common Stock, in connection with the February 2023 Offering, the purchasing shareholders received Series A and Series B Warrants with
each Class A common share issued. All Series A warrants were exercised following issuance for no consideration. The Series B Warrants
were exercisable upon completion of the Reorganization Merger and will expire five years from the merger date. 

As discussed in Note 13 Stock-based Compensation
and Common Stock, i n connection with the August 2023 Offering, the purchasing shareholders received
August 2023 Warrants with each Class A common share issued. The Company also issued pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants which were immediately exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an Exercise Price of 0.0001 and do not expire until exercised.
The August 2023 Warrants were immediately exercisable and expire three years from the date of issuance. All of these Pre-Funded Warrants
were exercised in 2023. 

In connection
with the August 2023 Offering, the Company amended existing Series B warrant agreements to authorize certain Investors to purchase shares
of the Company s Class A common stock for no consideration. As of September 30, 2024, of these Series B warrants were exercised.
Series B warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the fair market value of the warrants is remeasured at the end of every reporting
period. As such, the change in the valuation of the liabilities related to the Series B warrant agreements are reflected in the Company s
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. 

The First Tranche, Purchase Agreement Amendment
tranche, Second Tranche, Series A, Series B, and August 2023 Warrants (together, the Common Stock Warrants contain a feature
that precludes them from being considered indexed to the Company s own stock and therefore are accounted for as liabilities in the
Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company records the Common Stock Warrants at fair value and subsequently
remeasures unexercised warrants to fair value at the reporting date, and further discussed in Note 15 Fair Value. Estimated activity
related to the Company s warrants during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 were as follows (in thousands): 

Warrants issued during the period 

Warrants exercised during the period 

Change in fair value measurement 

Warrant liability at September 30, 2024 

Warrant liability 
 3 

Convertible Notes and warrant liability, at fair value 

Convertible Notes 

The following table provides the estimated fair value and contractual
principal balance outstanding of the Convertible Notes accounted for under the fair value option as of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023: 

Convertible Notes, contractual principal outstanding 

Fair value less unpaid principal balance 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Second Tranche
of Convertible Notes was fully converted, and a nominal amount of the First Tranche was outstanding. 

Warrant Liability 

The following tables provide quantitative information
regarding Level 3 fair value measurements for Common Stock Warrants as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Time to expiration (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Dividend yield 

Stock price 

Exercise price 

December 31, 2023 

First Tranche 
 Purchase Agreement Amendment 
 Second Tranche 
 Series B Warrants 
 August 2023 
 GEM Warrants 

Risk-free interest rate 

Time to expiration (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Dividend yield 

Stock price 

Exercise price 

The following table presents the effects of the
above actions on the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 

0 

Total operating expenses 

0 

Total other loss (income), net 

975 

Total restructuring costs 

975 

The following
table presents the effects of the above actions on the condensed consolidated statements operations for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 (in thousands): 

Employee 
Severance 
 Warehouse 
Clean Up 
 Impairment of 
Assets Held for 
Use and ROU 
Assets 
 Impairment of 
Assets Held for 
Sale, net of 
Recoveries 
 Impairment of 
Investment in 
Lynx 
 Loss on Sale 
of Held for 
Sale Assets 
 Loss on Equipment Lease Cancelation 
 Total 

General and administrative 
 799 
 21 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 820 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 799 
 21 
 0 
 0 
 
 0 
 0 
 820 

Total other loss (income), net 
 0 
 0 
 1,128 
 794 
 975 
 531 
 266 
 3,694 

Total restructuring costs 
 799 
 21 
 1,128 
 794 
 975 
 531 
 266 
 4,514 

minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule
5550(a)(2) for continued listing on Nasdaq (the Bid Price Requirement ). On October 1, 2024, we received a second notice
from Nasdaq confirming that the Company is still not in compliance with the Bid Price Requirement as of September 30, 2024 and granting
the Company an additional 180 days, or until March 31, 2025, to regain compliance. 

Merger with Verde Bioresins, Inc. 

On October 23, 2024, Nxu, MergerSub I, Merger
Sub II and Verde entered into the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which, among other matters, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub I will merge with and into Verde, with Verde continuing as a wholly owned
subsidiary of Nxu and the surviving corporation of the First Merger and promptly following the First Merger, Verde shall merge with and
into Merger Sub II, with Merger Sub II continuing as the surviving entity of the Second Merger. The Boards of Directors of Nxu and Verde
have both approved the Merger. 

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement, (i) immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger (the Effective Time ), all outstanding convertible
notes of Verde will be converted into shares of Verde common stock and all outstanding and unexercised Verde warrants will be exercised
for shares of Verde common stock, and (ii) at the Effective Time, (a) each then-outstanding share of Verde common stock, other than any
cancelled shares and dissenting shares, will be converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Nxu common stock, and (b) each
then-outstanding and unexercised Verde option to purchase shares of Verde common stock, whether vested or unvested, will be assumed by
Nxu and converted into an option to purchase a number of shares of Nxu common stock. The shares of Nxu common stock that will be issued
to Verde stockholders and the number of shares of Nxu common stock underlying options that will be issuable to Verde option holders will
be calculated using a formula in the Merger Agreement based on the enterprise value of each of Verde and Nxu. Verde has been ascribed
an aggregate enterprise value of approximately million, and Nxu s aggregate enterprise value will be an amount equal to approximately
 million less an amount equal to the excess of certain lease payments remaining unpaid at the closing of the Merger over Nxu s
cash balance at closing. Upon the closing of the Merger, assuming Nxu s aggregate enterprise value is approximately million,
pre-Merger Verde stockholders will own approximately 95 of the combined company and pre-Merger Nxu stockholders will own approximately
5 of the combined company, in each case, on a fully-diluted and as-converted basis. 

Consummation of the Merger, and the other transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, is subject to certain closing conditions, including, among other things, (i) approval by the requisite
Nxu stockholders of the Nxu Proposals, (ii) approval by the requisite Verde stockholders of the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby, (iii) Nasdaq s approval of the listing of the shares of Nxu common stock to be issued
in connection with the Merger, and (iv) the Registration Statement having become effective in accordance with the Securities Act and not
being subject to any stop order or proceeding seeking a stop order. In addition, immediately prior to the Effective Time, (i) except for
Jessica Billingsley, each current director of Nxu will resign from the Nxu Board; (ii) each current officer of Nxu will resign from his
or her position with Nxu; and (iii) each current officer of Verde will resign from his or her position with Verde. Immediately following
the Effective Time, (i) the Nxu Board will consist of seven members, six of whom will be appointed by Verde and one of whom will be appointed
by Nxu; and (ii) the officers of Verde (as of immediately prior to the Effective Time) will be appointed to serve as officers of Nxu in
identical positions. Each party s obligation to consummate the Merger is also subject to other specified customary conditions, including
the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party (subject to certain materiality standards) and the performance in
all material respects by the other party of its obligations under the Merger Agreement required to be performed on or prior to the date
of the closing of the Merger. 

The Merger Agreement contains certain termination
rights, including, among others, (i) the mutual written consent of the parties, (ii) in the event that there is a breach by a party of
any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements, which breach is not timely cured or curable, (iii) in the event that
the Merger has not been consummated by March 31, 2025, (iv) in the event that the requisite approval of Nxu s stockholders is not
obtained upon a vote thereon (triggering Verde s right to terminate), and (v) in the event that any governmental authority shall
have taken action to restrain, enjoin or prohibit the consummation of the Merger, which action shall have become final and non-appealable.
In addition, upon termination of the Merger Agreement by Verde by written notice to Nxu or by Nxu due to Verde s failure to receive
the requisite approval of Verde s stockholders within 10 business days after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, Verde
will be required to pay Nxu a termination fee of million. Further, Nxu may terminate the Merger Agreement prior to receipt of the
requisite approval of Nxu s stockholders to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal (as such term
is defined in the Merger Agreement), provided that Nxu has provided Verde with at least five business days notice prior to such
termination. 

As soon as practicable following the Merger, Nxu
will be renamed Verde Bioresins, Corp. , or such other name mutually agreed to by Nxu and Verde and will cause its current
ticker symbol NXU to be changed to VRDE upon Nasdaq s approval of the listing application. 

Stock-based Compensation Modifications 

On October 23, 2024 (the Modification Date ), concurrently
with the signing of the Merger Agreement, the Company agreed to modify 2.3 million of stock-based compensation related to RSUs previously
granted to certain employees of the Company, the vesting of which have been delayed as of September 30, 2024, previously recorded as liabilities
in the condensed consolidated balance sheets (the Equity Modification ). Following the signing of the Merger Agreement, Nxu
will deliver such RSUs to RSU holders in installments in such amounts as Nxu determines may be delivered without jeopardizing Nxu s
ability to continue as a going concern. Such RSUs will be delivered until the earlier of (a) the date all RSUs subject to delayed vesting
have been delivered to the RSU holder or (b) the date that is no later than five business days prior to the closing of the Merger (the
 Cut-Off Date ). Any RSUs that have not been delivered to the RSU holder as of the Cut-Off Date will be forfeited for no consideration.
No RSUs will be settled if such settlement would cause a person to be subject to excise taxes imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, unless
at the Company and the individual s request, Verde may consider permitting such RSUs to be settled upon receipt of satisfactory
evidence that the individual has remitted to an escrow account the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s tax withholding obligations
under Section 4999 upon the closing of the transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement. In connection with the Equity Modification,
RSUs previously granted to employees of the Company with vest dates occurring after September 30, 2024 were canceled for no consideration. 

On the Modification Date, the Company and current and former members
of the Board of Directors also agreed to the modification of 0.2 million of stock-based compensation related to RSUs granted to independent
directors of the Company and delayed as of September 30, 2024, previously recorded as liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance
sheets. Following the signing of the Merger Agreement, Nxu will deliver RSUs to current and former independent directors that were granted
as consideration for their prior service as members of the Board of Directors (the Director Delayed RSUs ). Such Director
Delayed RSUs shall be delivered in installments in such amounts as Nxu determines may be delivered to the current and former independent
directors without jeopardizing Nxu s ability to continue as a going concern. Such Director Delayed RSUs will be delivered until
the earlier of (a) the date all Director Delayed RSUs have been delivered to the current or former independent director or (b) the Cut-Off
Date. Any Director Delayed RSUs that have not been delivered as of the Cut-Off Date will be forfeited for no consideration. 

Stock-based Compensation Granted to Non-Employee
Directors 

On October 23, 2024, concurrently with the signing
of the Merger Agreement, , provided that the Non-Employee Director continues to serve on the Nxu Board on the applicable vesting
date. Vesting of the RSUs granted to the Non-Employee Directors and quarterly Non-Employee Director stipend payments shall cease upon
the closing of the Merger. The Board of Directors Agreements also amend outstanding equity awards as described above. 

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 

The Securities and Exchange Commission SEC encourages
companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company s future prospects and
make informed investment decisions. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (this Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as anticipates, 
 could, may, estimates, expects, projects, intends, 
 plans, believes, will and words or phrases of similar substance used in connection with any
discussion of future operations, financial performance, plans, events, trends or circumstances can be used to identify some, but not all,
forward-looking statements. In particular, statements regarding our ability to continue as a going concern; our ability to complete the
Merger (as defined below) in a timely manner or at all and challenges to achieving strategic objectives, synergies and other anticipated
benefits from the Merger; our belief that additional funding will be required in order to continue operations; our ability to obtain additional
funding in the form of potential equity and/or debt financing arrangements or similar transactions; any plans to seek strategic alternatives
for our business; expectations and opportunities, industry trends, new product expectations and capabilities, and our outlook regarding
our performance and growth are forward-looking statements. This Form 10-Q also contains statements regarding plans, goals and objectives.
There is no assurance that we will be able to carry out our plans or achieve our goals and objectives or that we will be able to do so
successfully on a profitable basis. These forward-looking statements are just predictions and involve significant risks and uncertainties,
many of which are beyond our control, and actual results may differ materially from these statements. Factors that could cause actual
outcomes or results to differ materially from those reflected in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed
in this Item 2 (including in the section entitled Overview below), Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q, and under the heading
 Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024
(the 2023 Form 10-K ). Investors are urged not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date on which they were made. Except as may be required by law, we do not undertake any obligation, and expressly
disclaim any obligation, to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
All forward-looking statements contained herein are qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. 

The following discussion of our results of operations
and financial condition should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes
included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q and our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto in the 2023 Form
10-K. 

Our investor relations website is located at https://investors.nxuenergy.com.
At or through the Investor Relations section of our website, we make available free of charge our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, other reports
and all amendments to these reports as soon as practicable after the reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Additionally,
the Company uses its website, nxuenergy.com and social media channels including Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, LinkedIn, and X (formerly
known as Twitter) (@Nxu) to disclose information about the Company and its products to customers, investors, and the public. It is important
to note that this information is not incorporated by reference in any reports or documents filed with the SEC, and website URLs are intended
to be inactive textual references only. The information posted on these channels may be considered material, so investors should monitor
them in addition to press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. By enrolling your email address to any of our
newsletters, you may receive automatic alerts and other information about Nxu. 

Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms
 we , us , our , Nxu and Company refer to Nxu, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. 

- 22 - 

Company Overview 

Nxu, Inc. is a US-based technology company leveraging
its intellectual property and innovations to support energy storage and charging solutions for the infrastructure needed to power an electrified
future. We historically focused on building energy and infrastructure solutions for consumers and businesses to enable faster transition
to electrification across all market segments, including building megawatt NxuOne charging stations and innovative battery cells
and battery packs for use in advanced energy storage systems and mobility products. 

On May 12, 2023, Atlis Motor Vehicles Inc. Atlis ),
our predecessor company, completed its previously announced reorganization merger pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of April 16, 2023 (the Reorganization Agreement ), by and among Atlis, Nxu, and Atlis Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and, as of immediately prior to the consummation of such merger, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nxu Merger Sub ). The Reorganization
Agreement provided for the merger of Atlis and Merger Sub, with Atlis surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nxu (the Reorganization
Merger ). The Reorganization Agreement was approved and adopted by Atlis s stockholders at Atlis s Special Meeting of
Stockholders, which was held on May 9, 2023. 

On October 23, 2024, NXU Merger Sub, Inc., a
Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Nxu Merger Sub I ), NXU Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company Merger Sub II and Verde Bioresins, Inc., a Delaware corporation Verde ), entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other matters, and subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub I will merge with and into Verde, with
Verde continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of Nxu and the surviving corporation of the first merger (the First
Merger and promptly following the First Merger, Verde shall merge with and into Merger Sub II (the Second
Merger and together with the First Merger, the Merger ), with Merger Sub II continuing as the surviving entity
of the Second Merger. See Note 17 Subsequent Events for additional information. 

Nxu is an early-stage company and as such, has
incurred losses from operations and has had negative cash flows from operating activities since our inception. 

In light of our liquidity position and anticipated
future funding requirements, we continue to pursue all available options for funding including seeking funding in the form of potential
equity and/or debt financing arrangements or similar transactions, further reducing expenses, and selling assets. Even if we are successful
in implementing the Merger or other strategic alternative, we will continue to require additional funding. The Company cannot provide
any assurance that access to capital will be readily available when needed or that it will be successful in implementing the Merger or
other strategic alternative, which is subject to the satisfaction of conditions beyond the Company s control. If we are unable to
complete the Merger or other strategic transaction in a timely manner, we could be required to dissolve and liquidate our assets under
the bankruptcy laws or otherwise. 

Company Outlook 

We have historically focused on building products
to capture the commercial and industrial markets which represent a portion of the electric vehicle opportunity that we believe is not
fully serviced by existing electric vehicle solutions. Individuals and companies that make up these segments require vehicles and equipment
that are comparable in performance to their existing diesel-powered vehicles and equipment. However, limited battery capacity, range anxiety,
and long charge times continue to be primary challenges to electrification. We historically developed products aimed at addressing
these challenges, including our proprietary mega-watt charging infrastructure and energy storage solutions. 

Following a shift in focus in the latter half
of 2023, we continued developing and producing our NxuOne megawatt charging station in our Mesa, Arizona facility. As of March
31, 2024, we successfully launched our first charging station and produced multiple production units ready for deployment. Production
costs, including costs of materials and labor, reduced with each unit produced, as we focused on scale and efficiency. We started the
second quarter of 2024 centered on developing plans for charging station deployment, continued scaled production of our NxuOne 
megawatt charging station, and initial design of future charging products. 

So far in 2024, we incurred losses from the operation
of our first NxuOne charging station. We expect to continue to incur losses until we obtain sufficient capital to restart
and efficiently scale our production capabilities, increase production volume, and deploy additional NxuOne charging systems for
public use. 

Our operations have been financed primarily through
net proceeds from the sale of securities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we raised approximately 10.7 million net,
after expenses, through our At-The-Market equity offering ATM ). 

On May 10, 2024, we announced our intention to evaluate strategic alternatives,
with the Strategic Planning Committee of our Board of Directors (the Strategic Planning Committee leading such evaluation
with outside assistance from advisors. At the time of announcement, the Strategic Planning Committee had identified targets for a business
combination intended to position the newly combined company for sustainable long-term value creation with a strengthened financial profile.
On October 23, 2024, we entered into the Merger Agreement with Verde. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in effecting
the Merger or any other transactions or realizing any of the intended benefits, including obtaining a sufficient level of capital through
this or other channels in the time frames needed to sustain or grow the business or on terms agreeable to us. As we focus on a Merger
with Verde, we remain focused on reducing costs to maximize the strength of our balance sheet, reducing our use of cash, and continuing
to evaluate all feasible paths to raising capital to fund operations through the date of a merger closing. 

- 23 - 

Segment Information 

We evaluated segment reporting in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification 280 Segment Reporting and concluded that Nxu is comprised of one operating segment. We report
segment information based on the operating results regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resource
allocation and the performance of the business. 

Revenue and Profitability 

Focus on Megawatt Charging 

During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, we generated revenue from the operation of our NxuOne megawatt charging station delivering electricity to consumer
and commercial customer electric vehicles in Mesa, Arizona. We expect to continue to generate revenue from charging customer vehicles.
Sales of electricity to consumer and commercial customers for electric vehicle charging generated losses during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, primarily as a result of discounted prices offered to customers near the beginning of the year to generate customer
interest and encourage high charging station utilization, and due to the cost of depreciation. In the future, our goal is to continue
to drive customer interest while focusing on increasing opportunities for profitability through utilization of our NxuOne charging
station network, competitive pricing, and deployment of additional NxuOne charging stations. 

For the year ended December 31, 2023, we generated
revenue totaling approximately 0.5 million through the sale of battery systems and components. We have not continued to generate revenue
from the production and sale of battery systems and components. 

Other Investing Activities and Opportunities 

On June 28, 2024, we entered into a contract with
Silicon Valley Disposition SVD to sell battery manufacturing equipment and certain other assets located in our leased
warehouse space in Mesa, Arizona. Pursuant to the contract, assets identified and held for sale were sold in an online public auction
(the Auction held on August 13, 2024. In connection with the Auction contract, the Company sold certain assets previously
classified as held for sale for total cash proceeds of approximately 0.4 million, net of SVD commissions, and recorded a related loss
on the disposal of assets sold at Auction of approximately 0.5 million. The Company continues to classify manufacturing equipment and
certain other assets that were not sold at Auction, but that are available and marketed for sale, as held for sale assets. See Note
4 Assets Held for Sale of our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, Financial
Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional information related to the Company s Auction results. 

Production Investment and Cost Management 

We achieved success in our strategic focus to
reduce costs of operations and scale the production of our NxuOne megawatt charging system in the three months ended March 31,
2024. During that quarter, we doubled our production of units from the prior quarter and reduced costs of materials and labor through
product development, process efficiency and team organization. 

During the three months ended June 30, 2024, we
paused production of our NxuOne charging station and reduced our headcount across Product, Engineering, Manufacturing, and General
 Administrative functions in an effort to reduce costs. In addition, we consolidated and streamlined product plans and processes
within our remaining functions, with a focus on lessening our reliance on outside vendors. The resulting cost savings we gained allowed
us to shift our focus toward evaluating and pursuing strategic alternatives. 

- 24 - 

Results of Operations 

Three Months ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months
Ended September 30, 2023 

The following table sets forth certain statement of operations data
for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 of Total 
 operating 
 expenses 
 2023 
 of Total 
 operating 
 expenses 
 Change 

Revenue 
 6 
 
 117 
 1 
 (111 

Cost of revenue 
 6 
 - 
 1,013 
 9 
 (1,007 
 
 Depreciation 
 20 
 1 
 1 
 0 
 19 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 26 
 1 
 1,014 
 9 
 (988 
 
 Gross loss 
 (20 
 (1 
 (897 
 (8 
 877 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 
 - 
 - 
 3,018 
 27 
 (3,018 
 
 General and administrative 
 3,042 
 100 
 8,208 
 72 
 (5,166 
 
 Advertising 
 12 
 
 104 
 1 
 (92 

Total operating expenses 
 3,054 
 100 
 11,330 
 100 
 (8,276 

Operating loss 
 (3,074 
 
 (12,227 
 
 9,153 

Other (loss) income, net 
 (1,918 
 
 1,790 
 
 (3,708 

Net loss 
 (4,992 
 
 (10,437 
 
 5,445 

Revenue 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 .
We recognized charging revenue during the third quarter of 2024 of approximately 6 thousand from the delivery of electricity to customer
electric vehicles through our NxuOne megawatt charging station in Mesa, Arizona. No battery revenue was recognized during the third
quarter of 2024. We launched our first megawatt charging station in September 2023, and we recognized charging revenue during the third
quarter of 2023 of less than 1 thousand. Prior to September 2023, the Company had never generated revenue. 

We recognized battery revenue during the three
months ended September 30, 2023 of approximately 0.12 million primarily from partial delivery of battery system and components recognized
upon partial satisfaction of a customer contract. During the third quarter of 2023, we paused battery production and battery-related research
and development. 

Cost of revenue 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 .
We recognized cost of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of approximately 0.03 million. The cost of revenue represents
energy costs and depreciation related to charging station services. 

We recognized cost of revenue for the three months
ended September 30, 2023 of approximately 1.0 million primarily related to the cost of battery systems and components sales including
costs to acquire the components for sale to the customer and adjustments to reflect inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value.
We wrote-off approximately 0.90 million of inventory to cost of goods sold during the three months ended September 30, 2023 when we determined
we would no longer be able to complete the remaining work in process related to a customer contract for battery systems and components. 

Gross loss 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 . Gross loss decreased
 0.88 million from 0.9 million during the third quarter of 2023 to 0.02 million during the third quarter of 2024 as we paused battery
system and component sales and continued charging services. Gross loss represents revenue less energy costs and depreciation related to
charging station services. 

Research and development 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023.
 Research and development decreased 3.0 million from 3.0 million during the third quarter of 2023 to 0 in the third quarter of 2024
as we paused development and production of our battery technologies and megawatt charging stations and additionally initiated cost saving
measures, including reducing headcount in operations and ceasing initial development of future products. 

- 25 - 

General and administrative 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023.
 General and administrative expenses decreased 5.2 million from 8.2
million during the third quarter of 2023 to 3.0 million in the third quarter of 2024. The reduction in general and administrative expense
was primarily due to decreases in stock-based compensation and other payroll costs of approximately 2.7 million and 0.9 million, respectively,
due to less vesting expense and a smaller team compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The reduction in general and administrative
expense also resulted from a decrease in corporate insurance expense of approximately 0.5 million and in legal and other outside services
expense of approximately 0.08 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Additional tax credits received as well
as agreements to settle unpaid balances for less than the original expense recorded further decreased expenses by approximately 0.2 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2024. These were offset by an increase in bad debt expense of 0.2 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2024. 

Other (loss) income, net 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs.
2023. Other (loss) income, net decreased by 3.7 million from income of 1.8 million during the third quarter of 2023 to a loss
of 1.9 million during the third quarter of 2024. The net loss recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily
as a result of an impairment of the Company s investment in Lynx of 0.98 million, a loss on operating lease cancellation of
 0.3 million, additional impairment of held for sale assets of 0.2 million, net of recoveries, and 0.5 million loss on disposal of
assets. The other income recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2023 related primarily to an estimated gain on the fair
value of convertible debt and warrant liabilities. See Note 4 Assets Held for Sale, Note 5 Property and Equipment ,
and Note 11 Leases of our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in
Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for further discussion. 

Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2023 

The following table sets forth certain statement of operations data
for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 
of Total 
 operating 
 expenses 
 2023 
 of Total 
 operating 
 expenses 
 Change 

Revenue 
 17 
 
 117 
 0 
 (100 

Cost of revenue 
 13 
 
 1,013 
 3 
 (1,000 
 
 Depreciation 
 59 
 
 1 
 0 
 58 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 72 
 
 1,014 
 3 
 (942 
 
 Gross loss 
 (55 
 
 (897 
 (2 
 842 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 
 957 
 7 
 12,040 
 30 
 (11,083 
 
 General and administrative 
 13,204 
 93 
 27,133 
 69 
 (13,929 
 
 Advertising 
 56 
 
 284 
 1 
 (228 

Total operating expenses 
 14,217 
 100 
 39,457 
 100 
 (25,240 

Operating loss 
 (14,272 
 
 (40,354 
 
 26,082 

Other (loss) income, net 
 (3,801 
 
 3,013 
 
 (6,814 

Net loss 
 (18,073 
 
 (37,341 
 
 19,268 

Revenue 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 .
We recognized charging revenue during the first nine months of 2024 of approximately 17 thousand from the delivery of electricity to
customer electric vehicles through our NxuOne megawatt charging station in Mesa, Arizona. No battery revenue was recognized during
the first nine months of 2024. Prior to September 2023, the Company had never generated revenue. 

- 26 - 

We recognized battery revenue during the nine months ended September
30, 2023 of approximately 0.12 million primarily from partial delivery of battery system and components recognized upon partial satisfaction
of a customer contract. During the third quarter of 2023, we paused battery production and battery-related research and development 

Cost of revenue 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 .
We recognized cost of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of approximately 0.07 million. The cost of revenue represents
energy costs and depreciation related to charging station services. 

We recognized cost of revenue for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023 of approximately 1.0 million related to the cost of battery systems and components sales including costs to
acquire the components for sale to the customer and adjustments to reflect inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 

Gross loss 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 .
Gross loss decreased 0.84 million from 0.9 million during the first nine months of 2023 to 0.06 million in the first nine months of
2024 as we paused battery system and component sales and continued charging services. Gross loss represents revenue less energy costs
and depreciation related to charging station services. 

Research and development 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023.
 Research and development decreased 11.1 million from 12.0 million during the first nine months of 2023 to 0.9 million in the first
nine months of 2024. During the third quarter of 2023, we paused development and production of our battery technologies to focus on development
of our megawatt charging stations and utilized labor hours from research and development team in construction of our megawatt charging
units. During the second quarter of 2024, we implemented cost savings measures that included reducing headcount in operations and ceasing
initial development of future products. Additional tax credits received as well as agreements to settle unpaid balances for less than
the original expense recorded further decreased research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

General and administrative 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023.
 General and administrative expenses decreased 13.9 million from 27.1
million during the first nine months of 2023 to 13.2 million in the first nine months of 2024. The reduction in general and administrative
expense was primarily due to decreases in stock-based compensation and employee payroll and benefits of approximately 10.1 million, due
to less vesting expense and a smaller team compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, costs for corporate insurance
decreased by approximately 1.8 million and legal and other outside services decreased by approximately 2.5 million, as we incurred fewer
costs in connection with capital offerings in the first nine months of 2024 in comparison to the first nine months of 2023. These
were partially offset by an increased in rent expense of 0.7 million in the first nine months of 2024 in comparison to the first nine
months of 2023 due to a new equipment lease and an increase in bad debt expense of 0.2 million in the first nine months of 2024 in comparison
to the first nine months of 2023. 

Other (loss) income, net 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023.
 Other (loss) income, net decreased 6.8 million from other income, net of 3.0 million during the first nine months of 2023 to other
loss, net of 3.8 million during the first nine months of 2024 primarily as a result of a 1.9 million write down of fixed assets held
for sale and impairment of lease right-of-use assets, impairment of the Company s investment in Lynx of 0.98 million, 0.3 million
loss on lease cancellation and 0.8 million loss on disposal of assets. Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
the Company recognized a 4.0 million gain on the fair value of long-term debt and warrant liability, partially offset by 1.0 million
of warrant expense. See Note 15 Fair Value of our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for further discussion. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As disclosed in Note 1 Organization and
Basis of Presentation of our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q , the accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. 

- 27 - 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company incurred a net loss of approximately 18.1 million and had net cash used in operating activities of 10.2 million. On September
30, 2024, the Company had 2.2 million in cash and an accumulated deficit of approximately 277.7 million. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company raised approximately 10.7 million, net of offering costs and commissions, through its ATM. As of September 30, 2024, the
Company received the maximum amount of capital available under the shelf registration and is currently unable to continue to raise capital
with the ATM. 

Because our working capital requirements depend
upon numerous factors, there can be no assurance that our current cash resources will be sufficient to fund our operations. The
Company cannot provide any assurance that access to capital will be readily available when needed. 

These matters, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year after the date the financial statements
in this Form 10-Q are issued. Company management is addressing this risk by, among other things, entering into the Merger Agreement, pursuing
all available options for funding, including seeking funding in the form of potential equity and/or debt financing arrangements or similar
transactions, reducing expenses, and selling assets. The Company cannot provide any assurance that it will be successful in closing the
Merger with Verde or implementing such other actions, which may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions beyond the Company s
control. 

The table below sets forth a summary of our cash
flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (10,228 
 (23,703 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,082 
 (1,089 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 10,672 
 24,119 

Net cash used in operating activities . Net
cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 10.2 million. The use of cash resulted primarily
from a net loss of 18.1 million, partially offset by employee stock-based compensation expense of 5.1 million, 2.9 million in impairment
charges, 0.8 million loss on the sale or disposal of property and equipment, 0.3 million loss on operating lease cancelation, and net
changes in working capital. 

Net cash used in operating activities during the
nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 23.7 million. The use of cash resulted primarily from a net loss of 37.3 million, offset by
employee and non-employee stock-based compensation expense of 15.7 million, warrant expense of 1.0 million, net changes in working
capital, and changes in the fair value of convertible debt and warrant liability. 

Net cash used in investing activities . Net
cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.1 million. The cash used in investing activities
was related to production of NxuOne charging station, and the purchase of other property and equipment, during the period. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the
nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 1.1 million. Cash used in investing activities was related to purchases of property and equipment
during the period, partially offset by proceeds of sales of certain assets. 

Net cash provided by financing activities . Net
cash provided by financing activities of 10.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily consisted of proceeds
from stock issued under the ATM. 

Net cash provided by financing activities of 24.1 million during the
nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily consisted of proceeds from stock and convertible debt issuance, partially offset by payments
on convertible debt. 

Off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual
obligations 

We did not have during the periods presented,
and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have contractual lease obligations for our
two properties with initial lease terms ending in the summer of 2025. The lease agreement for our warehouse facility in Mesa, Arizona
includes one or more options to renew with renewal terms that can extend the lease term by five years or more. We added one equipment
lease during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, with a lease term ending in December 2025. This equipment lease was canceled during
the three months ended September 30, 2024, see Note 11 Leases of our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for further discussion. In addition, we have obligations under our
convertible debt facility to repay the remaining balance not converted into equity at the maturity date two years from issuance. See Note
14 - Convertible Notes and Warrant Liability of our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for further discussion. 

- 28 - 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

There have
been no material changes to the items disclosed as critical accounting policies and estimates under Liquidity and Capital Resources Critical
Accounting Estimates in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
in Part II, Item 7 of the 2023 Form 10-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk 

Not required. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively) have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Security Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange
Act as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q (the Evaluation Date ). They have concluded
that, as of the Evaluation Date, these disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that material information relating
to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries would be made known to them by others within those entities and would be disclosed on
a timely basis. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are
designed, and are effective, to give reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the rules and forms of the
SEC. They have also concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in the reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)under the Exchange
Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

See Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies
of our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, Financial
Statements of this Form 10-Q . 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information set forth
in this Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors, in the 2023
Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. As of the date of this Form 10-Q, there
have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the section entitled Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K other
than as set forth below: 

Our Class A common stock may be delisted
from Nasdaq if we do not maintain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. If our Class A common stock
is delisted, it could negatively impact the Company. 

Continued listing of a security on Nasdaq is conditioned
upon compliance with various continued listing standards. On April 2, 2024, we received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company
is not in compliance with the 1.00 minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on
Nasdaq (the Bid Price Requirement ). On October 1, 2024, we received a second notice from Nasdaq confirming that the
Company is still not in compliance with the Bid Price Requirement as of September 30, 2024 and granting the Company an additional 180
days, or until March 31, 2025, to regain compliance. 

On September 4, 2024, the Company received a notice
from Nasdaq notifying the Company that, due to Caryn Nightengale not standing for re-election as a director of the Company at the Company s
2024 annual meeting of stockholders held on August 14, 2024 (the Annual Meeting ), the Company was no longer in compliance
with Nasdaq s audit committee requirements as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605 (the Audit Committee Requirements ).
The Company intends to appoint an additional independent director to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee as soon as practicable
and prior to the earlier of the Company s next annual meeting of stockholders or August 14, 2025, or, if the Company s next
annual meeting of stockholders is held before February 10, 2025, by February 10, 2025. 

- 29 - 

No assurances
can be provided that we will regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement or the audit committee requirement within the required
compliance periods. If the Company s Class A common stock ultimately were to be delisted for any reason, it could negatively
impact the Company by (i) reducing the liquidity and market price of the Company s Class A common stock; (ii) reducing the number
of investors willing to hold or acquire the Company s Class A common stock, which could negatively impact the Company s ability
to raise equity financing; (iii) limiting the Company s ability to use a registration statement to offer and sell freely tradable
securities, thereby preventing the Company from accessing the public capital markets; and (iv) impairing the Company s ability to
provide equity incentives to its employees. 

We have incurred significant losses since
our inception, and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, our financial condition raises substantial
doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the nine-month period ended September 30,
2024, we incurred a net loss of 18.1 million and had net cash used in operating activities of 10.2 million. As of September 30, 2024,
we had 2.2 million in cash and an accumulated deficit of 277.7 million. The Company cannot provide any assurance that unforeseen circumstances
that could occur at any time within the next twelve months or thereafter will not increase the need for the Company to raise additional
capital on an immediate basis. Additionally, the Company cannot provide any assurance that access to capital will be readily available
when needed. These matters, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for
a period of one year after the date these financial statements are issued. The report of our independent registered public accountant
on our financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 also includes explanatory language describing the
existence of substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. See Note 1 Organization and Basis of Presentation of
our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q
and Liquidity and Capital Resources in Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations of this Form 10-Q for further information. 

If we are unable to satisfy our capital requirements,
we could be required to adopt one or more of the following alternatives: delaying the implementation of or revising certain aspects of
our business strategy; reducing or delaying the development of our products; reducing or delaying capital spending, product development
spending and marketing and promotional spending; entering into financing agreements on unattractive terms; significantly curtailing or
discontinuing discontinue operations, or dissolve and liquidate our assets under the bankruptcy laws or otherwise. 

There can be no assurance that we would be able
to take any of the actions referred to above because of a variety of commercial or market factors, including, without limitation, market
conditions being unfavorable for an equity or debt issuance or similar transactions. In addition, such actions, if taken, may not enable
us to satisfy our capital requirements if the actions that we are able to consummate do not generate a sufficient amount of additional
capital. If we are ultimately unable to satisfy our capital requirements, we would likely need to dissolve and liquidate our assets under
the bankruptcy laws or otherwise. 

The following risk factor does not take
into account the proposed Merger and assumes that the Company remains a stand-alone company except as otherwise noted. 

There can be no assurance that our evaluation
of strategic alternatives will enhance stockholder value or result in any transaction being consummated, and speculation and
uncertainty regarding the outcome of our evaluation of strategic alternatives may adversely impact our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

On May 10, 2024, we announced our intention to
evaluate strategic alternatives. There can be no assurance of the terms, timing or structure of any transaction, or whether any such transaction
will take place at all, and any such transaction is subject to risks and uncertainties. The process of reviewing strategic alternatives may
involve significant resources and costs. In addition, the announced evaluation of strategic alternatives may cause or result
in: 

disruption of our business; 

diversion of the attention of management; 

increased stock price volatility; 

increased costs and advisory fees; and 

challenges in retaining key employees 

If we are unable to mitigate these or other potential
risks related to the uncertainty caused by our exploration of strategic alternatives, it may disrupt our business or could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations in future periods. 

Our ability to complete a transaction, will depend
on numerous factors, some of which are outside of our control. A merger of independent businesses is complex, costly and time-consuming.
To consummate a merger, we may incur asset write-offs and restructuring costs and other related expenses that could have a material adverse
impact on our operating results. Mergers also involve numerous other risks, including potential exposure to assumed litigation and unknown
environmental and other liabilities, as well as undetected internal control, regulatory or other issues, or additional costs not anticipated
at the time of a transaction. 

- 30 - 

Even if a merger transaction is completed, there
can be no assurance that it will be successful or have a positive effect on stockholder value. Further, it is not certain what impact
any potential transaction may have on our stock price, our current stockholders percentage ownership, business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Risks Related to the Pending Merger with Verde 

The completion of the Merger is subject
to conditions, some or all of which may not be satisfied or completed on a timely basis, if at all. Failure to complete the Merger could
have material adverse effects on the Company. 

On October 23, 2024, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement with
Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II and Verde, pursuant to which, among other matters, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub I will merge with and into Verde, with Verde continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Nxu and the surviving corporation of the First Merger, and promptly following the First Merger, Verde shall merge with and into Merger
Sub II, with Merger Sub II continuing as the surviving entity of the Second Merger. The Merger Agreement is subject to customary closing
conditions. 

We cannot predict whether and when the conditions
to the Merger will be satisfied, including but not limited to the requirement that our stockholders approve the issuance of adequate shares
to complete the Merger and effect a change of control pursuant to certain approval requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market as well as
approval of certain other proposals to be submitted to our stockholders. If one or more of these conditions are not satisfied, and as
a result, we do not complete the Merger, we would remain liable for significant transaction costs, and the focus of our management would
have been diverted from seeking other potential strategic opportunities, in each case without realizing any benefits of the Merger. Certain
costs associated with the Merger have already been incurred or may be payable even if the Merger is not consummated. Finally, any disruptions
to our business resulting from the announcement and pendency of the Merger, including any adverse changes in our relationships with our
customers, clients, suppliers and employees, could continue or accelerate in the event that we fail to consummate the Merger. 

In addition, the Merger Agreement generally requires
us to operate in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, pending consummation of the Merger, and restricts us from
taking certain actions with respect to our business and financial affairs without Verde s consent. Such restrictions will be in
place until either the Merger is consummated or the Merger Agreement is terminated. These restrictions could restrict our ability to,
or prevent us from, pursuing attractive business opportunities (if any) that arise prior to the consummation of the Merger. For these
and other reasons, the pendency of the Merger could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

The price of our Class A common stock may also
fluctuate significantly based on announcements by Verde, other third parties, or us regarding the Merger or based on market perceptions
of the likelihood of the satisfaction of the conditions to the consummation of the Merger. Such announcements may lead to perceptions
in the market that the Merger may not be completed, which could cause our share price to fluctuate or decline. 

If we do not consummate the Merger, the price
of our Class A common stock may decline significantly from the current market price, which may reflect a market assumption that the Merger
will be consummated. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition
and could cause a decline in the price of our Class A common stock. 

If we do not successfully consummate the Merger or another strategic
transaction, our board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation of the Company. In such an event, the amount of
cash available for distribution to the Company s stockholders will depend heavily on the costs and timing of such liquidation as
well as the amount of cash that will need to be reserved for commitments and contingent liabilities, as to which we can give no assurance. 

The Merger will involve substantial costs
and will require substantial management resources. 

In connection with the consummation of the Merger,
management and financial resources have been diverted and will continue to be diverted towards the completion of the Merger. We expect
to incur substantial costs and expenses relating to, as well as the direction of management resources towards, the Merger. Such costs,
fees and expenses include fees and expenses payable to financial advisors, other professional fees and expenses, fees and costs relating
to regulatory filings and filing with the SEC and notices and other transaction-related costs, fees and expenses. If the Merger
is not completed, we will have incurred substantial expenses and expended substantial management resources for which we will have received
little or no benefit if the closing of the Merger does not occur. 

- 31 - 

Stockholder litigation could prevent or
delay the consummation of the Merger or otherwise negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We may incur additional costs in connection with
the defense or settlement of any stockholder litigation in connection with the Merger. These lawsuits or other future litigation may adversely
affect our ability to complete the Merger. We could incur significant costs in connection with any such litigation, including costs associated
with the indemnification of our directors and officers. 

Furthermore, one of the conditions to the consummation
of the Merger is the absence of any governmental order or law preventing the consummation of the Merger or making the consummation of
the Merger illegal. Consequently, if a plaintiff were to secure injunctive or other relief prohibiting, delaying or otherwise adversely
affecting our ability to complete the consummation of the Merger, then such injunctive or other relief may prevent the Merger from becoming
effective within the expected time frame or at all. 

Another attractive strategic transaction
may not be available if the Merger is not completed. 

If the Merger is not completed and is terminated,
there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to find a party willing to pay equivalent or more attractive consideration than
the consideration to be provided under the Merger or be willing to proceed at all with a similar transaction or any alternative transaction. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, director or officer
of the Company adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement (as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 Exhibit Description 

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 23, 2024, by and among Nxu, Inc., Nxu Merger Sub, Inc., Nxu Merger Sub, LLC and Verde Bioresins, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024) 

3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Nxu, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024) 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Nxu, Inc., dated December 26, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 27, 2023) 

3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Nxu, Inc., dated August 16, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 16, 2024) 

3.4 
 Certificate of Designations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Nxu, Inc., dated December 22, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 27, 2023) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series B
 Preferred Stock of Nxu, Inc., dated August 16, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on November 12 , 2024) 

3.6 
 
 Bylaws of Nxu, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024) 

3.7 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Bylaws of Nxu, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 24, 2024) 

- 32 - 

10.1+ 
 Nxu, Inc. Amended and Restated 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 16, 2024) 

10.2 
 Form of Nxu Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Verde Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024) 

10.5 
 
 Voting Agreement and Irrevocable Proxy, dated as of October 23, 2024, by and between Nxu, Inc. and Mark Hanchett (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024) 

10.6+ 
 
 Form of Amendment to Employment Agreement, by and between Nxu, Inc. and each of Mark Hanchett and Annie Pratt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024) 

10.7+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2024, by and between Nxu, Inc. and Sarah Wyant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024) 

10.8+ 
 
 Form of Board of Directors Agreement, by and between Nxu, Inc. and each of Jessica Billingsley and Britt Ide (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024) 

10.9+ 
 Amendment to Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2024, by and between Nxu, Inc. and Caryn Nightengale (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024) 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d 14(a) 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d - 14(a) 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. This exhibit should not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. 

+ Management contract or compensatory
plan or arrangement. 

- 33 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Nxu, Inc. 

Date: November 12 , 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Sarah Wyant 

Sarah Wyant 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

- 34 - 

<EX-3.5>
 2
 ex3_5.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.5

Exhibit 3.5 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OF 

 SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK OF 

 NXU, INC. 

Nxu, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ),
hereby certifies that: 

The following resolution was duly adopted by the
Board of Directors of the Corporation by consent in lieu of a meeting pursuant to Section 141(f) and Section 151(g) of the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the DGCL on July 24, 2024. 

Resolved, that pursuant to the authority set forth
in Article IV, Part B of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as amended from time to time, the Certificate
of Incorporation ), the Board of Directors hereby fixes the designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional
and other special rights, and qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, of a series of preferred stock, par value 0.0001
per share, of the Corporation (the Preferred Stock ), as follows: 

1. Designation and Number. This series of Preferred Stock shall be designated as the Series
B Preferred Stock , and one share is hereby designated as the sole share of Series B Preferred Stock. 

2. Defined Terms. 

(a) Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Certificate of Designations have the meaning given those
terms in the Certificate of Incorporation. 

(b) Holder means the person or entity then holding the Series B Preferred Stock. 

3. Dividends. The Holder shall not be entitled to receive dividends of any kind by reason of
his or her ownership of Series B Preferred Stock. 

4. Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up. Following the liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, the Holder shall be entitled to receive 1.00, payable in cash and only out of funds legally available therefor,
by reason of his or her ownership of Series B Preferred Stock, which shall be paid prior to the payment of any amounts to the holders
of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock in connection with such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The Series B Preferred
Stock shall rank junior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to distributions paid on a liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation. Any series of Preferred Stock authorized and issued by the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Certificate
of Designations may rank senior or junior to, or on a parity with, the Series B Preferred Stock, as determined by the terms of such series
of Preferred Stock. 

5. Voting Rights. With respect to each action voted upon, or proposed to be voted upon, by
the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, the Series B Preferred Stock shall entitle the Holder to cast
a number of votes equal to the total number of votes that could be cast by the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
on such action. The Holder shall be entitled to vote with the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as a single class on such
actions. 

6. Redemption. The Series B Preferred Stock may be redeemed at any time at the option of the
Board of Directors of the Corporation (acting in its sole discretion) for 1.00, payable in cash and only out of funds legally available
therefor. 

7. Amendments. No amendment to this Certificate of Designations shall be effected without the
approval of the Holder. 

8. Governing Law. This Certificate of Designations shall be governed by and construed and interpreted
in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of any laws or legal principles that might otherwise govern under the
applicable principles of conflicts of law thereof. 

9. Severability. The provisions of this Certificate of Designations are severable, so that
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Certificate of Designations shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision of this Certificate of Designations. 

[Signature Page
Follows] 

2 

In witness whereof, the undersigned Corporation
has caused this Certificate of Designations to be executed by its duly authorized officer on the date set forth below. 

NXU, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Mark Hanchett 

Mark Hanchett 

Chief Executive Officer 

DATED: 
 November 12, 2024 

3 

</EX-3.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
Required by 

 Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Mark Hanchett, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nxu, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12 , 2024 
 By: /s/ Mark Hanchett 

Mark Hanchett 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer
Required by 

 Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Sarah Wyant, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nxu, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12 , 2024 
 By: /s/ Sarah Wyant 

Sarah Wyant 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Nxu,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), the undersigned
hereby certify in their capacities as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, respectively, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 12 , 2024 
 By: /s/ Mark Hanchett 

Mark Hanchett 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 12 , 2024 
 By: /s/ Sarah Wyant 

Sarah Wyant 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by
the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nxu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nxu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nxu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nxu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

