<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_31462_0001558370-24-014051.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22747961</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133899</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1869468</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11310699</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2549525</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6096903</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014051.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031160402
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ECOLAB INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000031462
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SOAP, DETERGENT, CLEANING PREPARATIONS, PERFUMES, COSMETICS [2840]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				410231510
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09328
		FILM NUMBER:		241415177

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 ECOLAB PLACE
		CITY:			SAINT PAUL
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		18002326522

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 ECOLAB PLACE
		CITY:			SAINT PAUL
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ECOLAB INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ECONOMICS LABORATORY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19861203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014051.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 ecl-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code) 1- - (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) (Not applicable) (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The number of shares of each of the registrant s classes of Common Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024: shares , par value 1.00 per share. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (unaudited) 

Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Product and equipment sales Service and lease sales Net sales Product and equipment cost of sales Service and lease cost of sales Cost of sales (including special charges (a)) Selling, general and administrative expenses Special (gains) and charges ) ) Operating income Other (income) expense ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income including noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Ecolab Earnings attributable to Ecolab per common share Basic Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted (a) Cost of sales includes special (gains) and charges of and in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is recorded in product and equipment cost of sales and service and lease cost of sales. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

 2 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (unaudited) 

Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income including noncontrolling interest Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments Foreign currency translation ) ) (Loss) gain on net investment hedges ) ) ) ) Total foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Derivatives and hedging instruments ) ) ) Pension and postretirement benefits ) ) ) Subtotal ) ) ) Total comprehensive income, including noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to Ecolab The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (unaudited) 

September 30 December 31 (millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Operating lease assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Short-term debt Accounts payable Compensation and benefits Income taxes Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Pension and postretirement benefits Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Equity (a) Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock ) ) Total Ecolab shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity (a) Common stock, shares authorized, par value per share, shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023. Shares outstanding are net of treasury stock. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements . 

 4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income including noncontrolling interest Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Pension and postretirement plan contributions ) ) Pension and postretirement plan expense (income), net Restructuring charges, net of cash paid ) ) Gain on sale of global surgical solutions business ) - Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) Other liabilities ) Cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ) ) Property and other assets sold Acquisitions and investments in affiliates, net of cash acquired ) ) Divestiture of businesses, net of cash divested - Other, net ) ) Cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net issuances of commercial paper and notes payable ) Long-term debt repayments ) - Reacquired shares ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Exercise of employee stock options Hedge settlements ) ) Other, net ) ) Cash used for financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements . 

 5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (unaudited) Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (millions, except per share amounts) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings AOCI (Loss) Treasury Stock Ecolab Shareholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interest Total Equity Balance, June 30, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) activity ) ) ) Cash dividends declared (a) ) ) ) ) Stock options and awards Reacquired shares ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 Balance, June 30, 2024 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) activity Cash dividends declared (a) ) ) ) Stock options and awards Reacquired shares ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (millions, except per share amounts) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings AOCI (Loss) Treasury Stock Ecolab Shareholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interest Total Equity Balance, December 31, 2022 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) activity ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared (a) ) ) ) ) Changes in noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Stock options and awards Reacquired shares ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 Balance, December 31, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) activity ) ) ) Cash dividends declared (a) ) ) ) ) Stock options and awards Reacquired shares ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 (a) Dividends declared per common share were and in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements . 

 6 

CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) million, subject to certain working capital and other purchase price adjustments. On August 1, 2024, the Company closed the sale and received million in cash, after deducting for defined working capital and other purchase price adjustments. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an associated pre-tax gain within Special (Gains) and Charges in the Consolidated Statements of Income of million million after tax) or per diluted share, which includes million of transaction costs and other adjustments. The global surgical solutions business did not meet the criteria to be classified as a discontinued operation. As a result, the Company continued to report its operating results in the Global Healthcare Life Sciences reportable segment through the closing of transaction on August 1, 2024. 

 7 

million of net assets, the principal components of which were as follows: Accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Operating lease assets Other assets Total assets held for sale Liabilities held for sale Accounts payable Compensation and benefits Other current liabilities Postretirement health care and pension benefits Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities held for sale Cost of sales subtotal Special (gains) and charges One Ecolab - - Other restructuring Sale of global surgical solutions business ) ) Acquisition and integration activities Other ) Special (gains) and charges subtotal ) ) Total special (gains) and charges For segment reporting purposes, special (gains) and charges are not allocated to reportable segments, which is consistent with the Company s internal management reporting. One Ecolab On July 30, 2024, the Company announced the One Ecolab initiative, which will enhance its growth and margin expansion journey. As a program within this initiative, the Company also announced that it commenced a restructuring plan to leverage its digital technologies to realign the functional work done in many countries into global centers of excellence. The Company anticipates restructuring costs of million million after tax) and special charges of million million after tax) by the end of 2027. The Company anticipates that the restructuring costs will primarily be cash expenditures for severance costs relating to team reorganization. In anticipation of this One Ecolab initiative, a limited number of actions were taken in the first and second quarter of 2024. As a result, the Company reclassified million million after tax) from other restructuring to One Ecolab in the third quarter of 2024. The Company recorded restructuring charges of million million after tax) and million million after tax) during the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, primarily related to severance and professional services. In addition, the 

 8 

million million after tax) and million million after tax) during the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, primarily related to professional services. The Company has recorded million million after tax) of cumulative restructuring charges and million million after tax) of cumulative special charges under the One Ecolab initiative. The net restructuring liability related to the One Ecolab initiative was million as of September 30, 2024. The remaining liability is expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters and will continue to be funded from operating activities. Restructuring activity related to the One Ecolab initiative since inception of the underlying actions includes the following items: - Net cash payments - - ) ) Non-cash net charges - - - - Reclassification - - Restructuring liability, September 30, 2024 - Other restructuring Other restructuring is primarily related to the Combined Program, which is described below. These activities have been included as a component of cost of sales and special (gains) and charges on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Restructuring liabilities have been classified as a component of other current and other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Combined Program In November 2022 the Company approved a Europe cost savings program. In February 2023, the Company expanded its previously announced Europe cost savings program to focus on its Institutional and Healthcare businesses in other regions. In connection with the expanded program (the Combined Program ), the Company expects to incur total pre-tax charges of million million after tax). The Company expects that these restructuring charges will be substantially completed by the end of 2024. Program actions include headcount reductions from terminations, not filling certain open positions, and facility closures. The Combined Program charges are expected to be primarily cash expenditures related to severance and asset disposals. In anticipation of this Combined Program, a limited number of actions were taken in the fourth quarter of 2022. As a result, the Company reclassified million million after tax) from other restructuring to the Combined Program in the first quarter of 2023. During the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded restructuring charges of million million after tax) and million million after tax), respectively, and during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 million million after tax) and million million after tax), respectively, primarily related to severance and professional services . The Company has recorded million million after tax) of cumulative charges under the Combined Plan. The Company reclassified million million after tax) from the Combined restructuring program to other restructuring activities in the second quarter of 2024. The net liability related to the Combined Program was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The remaining liability is expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters and will continue to be funded from operating activities. Restructuring activity related to the Combined Program since inception of the underlying actions includes the following items: Net cash payments ) - ) ) Non-cash charges - ) - ) Reclassification - - Net restructuring liability, December 31, 2023 - - 2024 Activity Recorded expense and accrual Net cash payments ) - ) ) Non-cash charges - ) - ) Reclassification - - ) ) Net restructuring liability, September 30, 2024 - 

 9 

million million after tax) related to an immaterial restructuring plan approved in the second quarter. This plan became part of the One Ecolab initiative in the third quarter. The restructuring liability balance for all other restructuring plans excluding the Combined Program and One Ecolab was million as of the end of the third quarter. Sale of global surgical solutions business On April 27, 2024, the Company reached a definitive agreement to sell its global surgical solutions business, which closed on August 1, 2024. The Company recorded a gain on sale of million million after tax) in 2024, as described in Note 2. Excluding the gain on sale, the Company recorded charges of million million after tax) and million million after tax) in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, which are primarily related to professional fees to support the sale. The Company recorded charges of million million after tax) in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, primarily related to professional fees to support the sale. Acquisition and integration related costs Acquisition and integration related costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the Consolidated Statements of Income include million million after tax) and million million after tax) in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Acquisition and integration related costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the Consolidated Statements of Income include million million after tax) and million million after tax) in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Further information related to the Company s acquisitions is included in Note 4. Other operating activities Other special (gains) and charges of million million after tax) and million million after tax) recorded in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively , and million) million gain after tax) and million million after tax) recorded in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively, related primarily to recoveries of COVID era credits and certain legal charges, which are recorded in special (gains) and charges on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 10 

immaterial acquisitions both of which became part of the Global Pest Elimination reporting segment. The purchase accounting for these acquisitions is preliminary and subject to change as the Company finalizes the valuation of intangible assets, income tax balances and working capital. The Company expects the goodwill arising from the acquisitions to be tax deductible. In May 2023, the Company acquired Chemlink Laboratories LLC, a U.S.-based producer of small format cleaning solutions. The Company made other immaterial acquisitions during the second quarter of 2023. All acquisitions became part of the Global Institutional Specialty reporting segment. The purchase accounting for these acquisitions were finalized in the second quarter of 2024. The following table summarizes the acquisition date fair value of net assets acquired from the Company s acquisitions during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023: Identifiable intangible assets Customer relationships Trademarks - Other technology Total intangible assets Goodwill Total aggregate purchase price Acquisition-related liabilities and contingent consideration ) ) Net cash paid for acquisitions, including acquisition-related liabilities and contingent consideration During the first nine months of 2024, the Company recorded adjustments associated with the finalization of the purchase accounting for its 2023 acquisitions and purchase accounting adjustments for its 2024 acquisitions. As a result of these purchase accounting adjustments, the Company made million of acquisition-related payments, acquisition-related net liabilities decreased by million, net tangible assets acquired decreased by million, definite-lived intangibles increased by million and goodwill increased by million. The weighted average useful life of identifiable intangible assets acquired during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

 11 

Allowance for expected credit losses and other accruals ) ) Total Inventories Finished goods Raw materials and parts Inventories at FIFO cost FIFO cost to LIFO cost difference ) ) Total Other current assets Prepaid assets Taxes receivable Derivative assets Other Total Property, plant and equipment, net Land Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Merchandising and customer equipment Capitalized software Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total Other intangible assets, net Intangible assets not subject to amortization Trade names Intangible assets subject to amortization Customer relationships Patents Trademarks Other technologies Accumulated amortization Customer relationships ) ) Patents ) ) Trademarks ) ) Other technologies ) ) ) ) Net intangible assets subject to amortization Total Other assets Deferred income taxes Pension Derivative asset Other Total 

 12 

Dividends payable Interest payable Taxes payable, other than income Derivative liability Restructuring Contract liability Operating lease liabilities Other Total Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized (loss) gain on derivative financial instruments, net of tax Unrecognized pension and postretirement benefit expense, net of tax ) ) Cumulative translation, net of tax ) ) Total Long-term debt, current maturities Total Lines of Credit As of September 30, 2024, the Company has a billion multi-year revolving credit facility which expires in April 2026. The credit facility has been established with a diverse syndicate of banks and supports the Company s U.S. and Euro commercial paper programs. There were borrowings under the Company s credit facility as of either September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Commercial Paper The Company s commercial paper program is used as a potential source of liquidity and consists of a billion U.S. commercial paper program and a billion Euro commercial paper program. The maximum aggregate amount of commercial paper that may be issued by the Company under its commercial paper programs may not exceed billion. The Company had outstanding commercial paper under its U.S. and Euro commercial paper programs as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Notes Payable The Company s notes payable consists of uncommitted credit lines with major international banks and financial institutions, primarily to support global cash pooling structures. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, outstanding under these credit lines. 

 13 

2016 senior notes million) 2024 - 2015 senior notes million) 2025 2016 senior notes million) 2026 2017 senior notes million) 2027 2021 senior notes million) 2027 2022 senior notes million) 2028 2020 senior notes million) 2030 2020 senior notes million) 2031 2021 senior notes million) 2032 2011 senior notes million) 2041 2016 senior notes million) 2046 2017 senior notes million) 2047 2020 senior notes million) 2050 2021 senior notes million) 2051 2021 senior notes million) 2055 Finance lease obligations and other Total debt Long-term debt, current maturities ) ) Total long-term debt Public Notes The Company s public notes may be redeemed by the Company at its option at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium. Upon the occurrence of a change of control accompanied by a downgrade of the public notes below investment grade rating, within a specified time period, the Company would be required to offer to repurchase the public notes at a price equal to of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. The public notes are senior unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company and rank equally with all other senior and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company. Covenants The Company is in compliance with all covenants under the Company s outstanding indebtedness as of September 30, 2024. Net Interest Expense Interest expense and interest income recognized during the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 and 2023 were as follows: Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net Interest expense generally includes the expense associated with the interest on the Company s outstanding borrowings, including the impact of the Company s interest rate swap agreements. Interest expense also includes the amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discounts, which are both recognized over the term of the related debt. 

 14 

operating segments. The Company assesses goodwill for impairment on an annual basis during the second quarter. If circumstances change or events occur that demonstrate it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company completes an interim goodwill assessment of that reporting unit prior to the next annual assessment. If the results of an annual or interim goodwill assessment demonstrate the carrying amount of a reporting unit is greater than its fair value, the Company will recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, but not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to that reporting unit. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company completed its annual goodwill impairment assessment for its reporting units using discounted cash flow analyses that incorporated assumptions regarding future growth rates, terminal values and discount rates. The Company s goodwill impairment assessments for 2024 indicated the estimated fair values of each of these reporting units exceeded the carrying amounts of the respective reporting unit by a significant margin. There has been impairment of goodwill in any of the periods presented. The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for each of the Company's reportable segments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: - Segment changes (a) - - ) - December 31, 2023 recast - Current year business combinations - - - - Prior year business combinations (b) - - - - Divestiture of businesses - - ) - - ) Effect of foreign currency translation - September 30, 2024 - (a) Relates to reclassifications made to reportable segments in the current year. Effective January 1, 2024, the Company s former Textile Care and Colloidal Technologies Group CTG operating segments are now part of the Water operating segment which continues to remain in the Global Industrial reportable segment. Additionally, the Pest Elimination operating segment, formerly aggregated with the Textile Care and CTG operating segments within Other, is now reported as the stand-alone Global Pest Elimination reportable segment. After these changes, the Company has operating segments aligned with reporting units. Refer to Note 16 for further information. (b) Represents purchase accounting adjustments associated with 2024 and 2023 acquisitions. Other Intangible Assets The Nalco trade name is the Company s only indefinite life intangible asset, which is tested for impairment on an annual basis during the second quarter. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company completed its annual impairment assessment of the Nalco trade name using the relief from royalty discounted cash flow method, which incorporates assumptions regarding future sales projections, royalty rates and discount rates. The Company s Nalco trade name impairment assessment for 2024 indicated the estimated fair value of the Nalco trade name exceeded its billion carrying amount by a significant margin. There has been impairment of the Nalco trade name intangible since it was acquired. The Company s intangible assets subject to amortization include customer relationships, trademarks, patents and other technologies primarily acquired through business acquisitions. The fair value of intangible assets acquired in business acquisitions are estimated primarily using discounted cash flow valuation methods at the time of acquisition. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated lives. Total amortization expense related to intangible assets during the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively, and during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. Amortization expense related to intangible assets for the remaining three-month period of 2024 is expected to be approximately million. 

 15 

- - Cross-currency swap derivative contracts - - Liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts - - Interest rate swap agreements - - Cross-currency swap derivative contracts - - 

December 31, 2023 (millions) Carrying Fair Value Measurements Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Foreign currency forward contracts - - Cross-currency swap derivative contracts - - Liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts - - Interest rate swap agreements - - Cross-currency swap derivative contracts - - The carrying value of foreign currency forward contracts is at fair value, which is determined based on foreign currency exchange rates as of the balance sheet date and classified within Level 2. The carrying value of interest rate swap agreements is at fair value, which is determined based on current forward interest rates as of the balance sheet date and are classified within Level 2. The cross-currency swap derivative contracts are used to partially hedge the Company s net investments in foreign operations against adverse movements in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the Euro and the U.S. dollar and CNH (CNH is the Chinese Yuan traded in the offshore market). The carrying value of the cross-currency swap derivative contracts is at fair value, which is determined based on the income approach with the relevant interest rates and foreign currency current exchange rates and forward curves as inputs as of the balance sheet date and are classified within Level 2. For purposes of fair value disclosure above, derivative values are presented gross. Further discussion of gross versus net presentation of the Company's derivatives is within Note 9. Contingent consideration obligations are recognized and measured at fair value at the acquisition date and thereafter until settlement or expiration. Contingent consideration is classified within Level 3 as the underlying fair value is determined using income-based valuation approaches appropriate for the terms and conditions of each respective contingent consideration. The consideration expected to be transferred is based on the Company s expectations of various financial measures. The ultimate payment of contingent consideration could deviate from current estimates based on the actual results of these financial measures. Contingent consideration was not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. The carrying values of accounts receivable, accounts payable, cash and cash equivalents, commercial paper and notes payable approximate fair value because of their short maturities and as such are classified within Level 1. The fair value of long-term debt is based on quoted market prices for the same or similar debt instruments (classified as Level 2). The carrying amount, which includes adjustments related to the impact of interest rate swap agreements, premiums and discounts, and deferred debt issuance costs, and the estimated fair value of long-term debt, including current maturities, held by the Company were: 

 16 

cash collateral had been received or pledged related to the underlying derivatives. The respective net amounts are included in other current assets, other assets, other current liabilities and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following table summarizes the gross fair value and the net value of the Company s outstanding derivatives: Interest rate swap agreements - - Cross-currency swap derivative contracts Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency forward contracts Gross value of derivatives Gross amounts offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets ) ) ) ) Net value of derivatives The following table summarizes the notional values of the Company s outstanding derivatives: Interest rate swap agreements Cross-currency swap derivative contracts 

 17 

billion of its debt from a fixed interest rate to a floating interest rate. The fixed interest rates range from to and mature between 2026 and 2031. These interest rate swap agreements are designated as fair value hedges. The following amounts were recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges: Net Investment Hedges The Company designates its outstanding million million at the end of the third quarter of 2024) senior notes Euronotes and related accrued interest as a hedge of its Euro denominated exposures from the Company s investments in certain of its Euro denominated functional currency subsidiaries. In May of 2024, the Company entered into a cross-currency swap derivative contract with a notional amount of million maturing in 2032. In July of 2024, the Company entered into cross-currency swap derivative contracts with notional amounts of million, million and million maturing in 2028, 2028 and 2026, respectively. In aggregate, the Company maintains a series of Euro cross-currency swap derivative contracts maturing from 2026 to 2032. These cross-currency swap derivative contracts are designated as net investment hedge of the Company s Euro denominated exposures from the Company s investments in certain of its Euro denominated functional currency subsidiaries. The cross-currency swap derivative contracts exchange fixed-rate payments in one currency for fixed-rate payments in another currency. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million million) cross-currency swap derivative contracts outstanding as a hedge of the Company s net investment in foreign operations. The changes in the spot rate of these instruments are recorded in AOCI in stockholders equity, partially offsetting the foreign currency translation adjustment of the Company s related net investment that is also recorded in AOCI. Any ineffective portions of net investment hedges are reclassified from AOCI into earnings during the period of change. The interest income or expense from these swaps are recorded in interest expense on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income consistent with the classification of interest expense attributable to the underlying debt. During 2023, the Company entered into CNH cross-currency swap derivative contracts with a notional amount of CNH million and CNH million, respectively, both maturing in 2032. The cross-currency swap derivative contracts are designated as net investment hedges of its Chinese Yuan CNY denominated exposures from the Company s investments in certain CNY denominated functional currency subsidiaries. The cross-currency swap derivative contracts exchange fixed-rate payments in USD for fixed-rate payments in CNH. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had in aggregate, CNH million million) cross-currency swap derivative contracts outstanding as a hedge of the Company s net investment in foreign operations. The changes in the spot rate of these instruments are recorded in AOCI in stockholders equity, partially offsetting the foreign currency translation adjustment of the Company s related net investment that is also recorded in AOCI. The interest income or expense from these swaps is recorded in interest expense on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income consistent with the classification of interest expense attributable to the underlying debt. 

 18 

 Cross-currency swap derivative contracts ) ) ) Total revaluation (loss) gain, net of tax Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments The Company also uses foreign currency forward contracts to offset its exposure to the change in value of certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities held at foreign subsidiaries, primarily receivables and payables, which are remeasured at the end of each period. Although the contracts are effective economic hedges, they are not designated as accounting hedges. Therefore, changes in the value of these derivatives are recognized immediately in earnings, thereby offsetting the current earnings effect of the related foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. Effect of all Derivative Instruments on Income The gain (loss) of all derivative instruments recognized in product and equipment cost of sales COS ), selling, general and administrative expenses SG A and interest expense, net interest is summarized below: - - Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness recognized in earnings based on changes in fair value - - - - - Interest rate swap agreements Amount of (loss) gain reclassified from AOCI to income - - ) - - ) Gain (loss) on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign currency forward contracts Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income - - - ) - Total gain (loss) of all derivative instruments Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 (millions) COS SG A Interest COS SG A Interest Gain (loss) on derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Foreign currency forward contracts Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI to income - - Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness recognized in earnings based on changes in fair value - - - - - Interest rate swap agreements Amount of (loss) gain reclassified from AOCI to income - - ) - - ) Gain (loss) on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign currency forward contracts Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income - ) - - ) - Total gain (loss) of all derivative instruments Subsequent Events In October 2024, the Company entered into cross-currency swap derivative contracts with notional amounts of million, million, CNH million and CNH million maturing in 2027, 2028, 2025 and 2026, respectively. These cross-currency swap derivative contracts are designated as net investment hedges of its Euro or CNY denominated exposures from the Company s investments in certain of its Euro or CNY denominated functional currency subsidiaries. 

 19 

 (Gain) loss reclassified from AOCI into income COS ) ) ) ) SG A ) ) Interest (income) expense, net ) ) ) ) Other activity ) ) ) Tax impact Net of tax Pension and Postretirement Benefits Amount reclassified from AOCI into income Settlement charge - - Amortization of losses and prior period service credits, net Other activity ) ) ) ) Tax impact - ) ) ) Net of tax The following table summarizes the derivative and pension and postretirement benefit amounts reclassified from AOCI into income: Pension and postretirement benefits amortization of losses and prior period service credits, net and settlement charges, reclassified from AOCI into income, net of tax ) ) ) 

 20 

and , respectively, additional shares of its common stock, including shares to be repurchased under Rule 10b5 1. As of September 30, 2024, shares remained to be repurchased under the Company s repurchase authorization. The Company intends to repurchase all shares under its authorization, for which no expiration date has been established, in open market or privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions. Share Repurchases During the first nine months of 2024, the Company reacquired shares of its common stock, of which related to share repurchases through open market and related to shares withheld for taxes on the exercise of stock options and the vesting of stock awards and units. During the first nine months of 2023, the Company reacquired shares of its common stock related to shares withheld for taxes on the exercise of stock options and the vesting of stock awards and units. Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic Effect of dilutive stock options and units Diluted Earnings attributable to Ecolab per common share Basic EPS Diluted EPS Anti-dilutive securities excluded from the computation of diluted EPS - - Amounts do not necessarily sum due to rounding. 

 21 

and for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in the Company s tax rate for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to the third quarter and first nine months of 2023 was driven primarily by the impact of discrete tax items and special (gains) and charges. Further information related to special (gains) and charges is included in Note 3. The Company recognized net tax expense related to discrete tax items of million and a net tax benefit of million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively. This included a tax benefit of million in the first nine months of 2024 associated with transferring certain intangible property between affiliates and million and million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, associated with share-based compensation excess tax benefits. The remaining net expense of million and million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, is from other income tax adjustments including the impact of provision to return adjustments, changes in tax laws, audit settlements, unrecognized tax benefits and other changes in estimates. The Company recognized net tax expense related to discrete tax items of million and million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. This included share-based compensation excess tax benefits of million and million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. Additionally, the Company recognized discrete tax expense of million and million during the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively, primarily due to provision to return adjustments, changes in estimates, audit settlements, unrecognized tax benefits and repricing of deferred tax balances. The Organization for Economic Co-operation s OECD global minimum tax regime Pillar Two became effective in certain countries where the Company operates starting in 2024. As such, an estimate of Pillar Two tax has been considered within the provision for income taxes. The Company continues to monitor these legislative developments, but based on information available does not anticipate material impacts to the 2024 financial statements. Interest cost on benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) - - Recognition of net actuarial loss (gain) - ) ) Amortization of prior service benefit ) ) ) ) - - Total expense (benefit) The components of net periodic pension and postretirement health care benefit expense for the nine months ended September 30 are as follows: 

U.S. International U.S. Postretirement Pension Pension Health Care (millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service cost Interest cost on benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) - - Recognition of net actuarial loss (gain) - ) ) Amortization of prior service benefit ) ) ) ) - - Curtailments and settlements - - - ) Total expense (benefit) Service cost is included as employee compensation cost in either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income based on employee roles, while non-service components are included in other (income) expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of September 30, 2024, the Company is in compliance with all funding requirements of each of its defined benefit plans. 

 22 

million to its U.S. non-contributory non-qualified defined benefit plans and estimates it will contribute an additional million to such plans during the remainder of 2024. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company made contributions of million to its international pension plans and estimates it will contribute an additional million to such plans during the remainder of 2024. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company made contributions of million to its U.S. postretirement health care plans and estimates it will contribute an additional million to such plans during the remainder of 2024. Includes immaterial variable lease revenue The following table shows principal activities, separated by reportable segments, from which the Company generates its revenue. The Corporate segment includes sales to ChampionX under the transitional supply agreement entered into as part of the ChampionX Separation. For more information about the Company s reportable segments, refer to Note 16. 

 23 

Service and lease equipment Global Institutional Specialty Product and sold equipment Service and lease equipment Global Healthcare Life Sciences Product and sold equipment Service and lease equipment Global Pest Elimination Product and sold equipment - - - - Service and lease equipment Corporate Product and sold equipment - - Service and lease equipment - - - - Total Total product and sold equipment Total service and lease equipment Net sales at public exchange rates by geographic region for the third quarter ended September 30 are as follows: Global Global Institutional Global Healthcare Global Pest Industrial Specialty Life Sciences Elimination Corporate 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 United States - Europe - Asia Pacific - Latin America - Greater China - - India, Middle East and Africa - - Canada - - Total - Net sales at public exchange rates by geographic region for the nine months ended September 30 are as follows: Global Global Institutional Global Healthcare Global Pest Industrial Specialty Life Sciences Elimination Corporate (millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 United States - Europe - Asia Pacific - Latin America - Greater China - - India, Middle East and Africa - - Canada - - Total - Net sales by geographic region were determined based on origin of sale. The United States made up and of total revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 24 

million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Returns and credit activity is recorded directly as a reduction to revenue. The following table summarizes the activity in the allowance for expected credit losses: Bad debt expense Write-offs ) ) Other (a) ) ) Ending balance (a) O ther amounts are primarily the effects of changes in currency translations. Contract Liability Payments received from customers are based on invoices or billing schedules as established in contracts with customers. Accounts receivable are recorded when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. The contract liability relates to billings in advance of performance (primarily service obligations) under the contract. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when the performance obligation has been performed, which primarily occurs during the subsequent quarter. The following table summarizes the contract liability activity: Revenue recognized in the period from: Amounts included in the contract liability at the beginning of the year ) ) Increases due to billings excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period ended Contract liability as of end of period 

 25 

operating segments follow its commercial and product-based activities and are based on engagement in business activities, availability of discrete financial information and review of operating results by the Chief Operating Decision Maker at the identified operating segment level. The Company s operating segments that share similar economic characteristics and future prospects, nature of the products and production processes, end-use markets, channels of distribution and regulatory environment have been aggregated into reportable segments: Global Industrial, Global Institutional Specialty, Global Healthcare Life Sciences and Global Pest Elimination. Comparability of Reportable Segments Effective January 1, 2024, the Company s former Textile Care and Colloidal Technologies Group CTG operating segments are now part of the Water operating segment which continues to remain in the Global Industrial reportable segment. Additionally, the Pest Elimination operating segment, formerly aggregated with the Textile Care and CTG operating segments within Other, is now reported as the stand-alone Global Pest Elimination reportable segment. The Company made other immaterial changes, including the movement of certain customers and cost allocations between reportable segments. These changes are presented in "Other" columns of the table below . Prior period amounts have been recast to conform with current period presentation. The Company evaluates the performance of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency international operations based on fixed currency exchange rates, which eliminates the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on its international operations. Fixed currency amounts are updated annually at the beginning of each year based on translation into U.S. dollars at foreign currency exchange rates established by management, with all periods presented using such rates. The Fixed Currency Rate Change column shown in the following table reflects international operations at fixed currency exchange rates established by management at the beginning of 2024, rather than the 2023 established rates. The difference between the fixed currency exchange rates and the actual currency exchange rates is reported within the Effect of foreign currency translation row in the following table. The impact of the preceding changes on previously reported full year 2023 reportable segment net sales and operating income is summarized as follows: Global Institutional Specialty - Global Healthcare Life Sciences - Global Pest Elimination - Other ) - - Corporate ) Subtotal at fixed currency rates - Effect of foreign currency translation - ) ) Consolidated reported GAAP net sales - - Operating Income Global Industrial Global Institutional Specialty Global Healthcare Life Sciences ) Global Pest Elimination - Other ) - - Corporate ) ) ) Subtotal at fixed currency rates - Effect of foreign currency translation - ) ) Consolidated reported GAAP operating income - - 

 26 

Global Institutional Specialty Global Healthcare Life Sciences Global Pest Elimination Corporate - - Subtotal at fixed currency rates Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) ) Consolidated reported GAAP net sales Operating Income Global Industrial Global Institutional Specialty Global Healthcare Life Sciences Global Pest Elimination Corporate ) ) Subtotal at fixed currency rates Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Consolidated reported GAAP operating income The profitability of the Company s operating segments is evaluated by management based on operating income. Consistent with the Company s internal management reporting, Corporate amounts in the table above include sales to ChampionX in accordance with the transitional supply agreement entered into with the Transaction, as discussed in Note 15. Corporate also includes intangible asset amortization specifically from the Nalco and Purolite acquisitions and special (gains) and charges, as discussed in Note 3, that are not allocated to the Company s reportable segments. 

 27 

plaintiffs (including the subrogation matter) asserted claims against Nalco. All claims have been consolidated for pretrial purposes into the MDL. All of these cases make similar allegations and seek damages for personal injury, property damage, business losses and other damages, including exemplary damages. Due to the large number of plaintiffs, the early stage of the litigation and the fact that many of the claims do not specify an amount of damages, any estimate of any loss or range of losses cannot be made at this time. On June 1, 2022, TPC and seven of its affiliated companies filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 (Case No. 22-10493-CTG, United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware). In connection with the bankruptcy cases, TPC disclosed an estimated range of its liability related to the Port Neches incident to individuals and homeowners (including subrogation claims) of approximately million to million. As part of their bankruptcy plan, TPC and its affiliates announced a settlement which allows the MDL plaintiffs a million claim solely for purposes of claim allowance in the chapter 11 case and distribution of value pursuant to TPC s bankruptcy plan. Other key terms of the settlement between TPC and the MDL plaintiffs include the establishment of a settlement trust for the benefit of certain general unsecured creditors, which is funded with million and the assignment of TPC s claims and causes of action, if any, against certain third parties, including Nalco, related to the TPC plant explosion. As part of the bankruptcy process, TPC and its debtor affiliates received a discharge of all MDL related claims, as did certain non-debtor affiliates to the extent third parties did not opt out of the non-debtor releases. As a result, TPC is no longer a defendant in the MDL. Nalco opted out of these releases, preserving any direct causes of action it may have against non-debtors. Furthermore, the allowance of the million claim should have no effect on any claims or defenses asserted against or by Nalco in the MDL litigation. On December 1, 2022, the bankruptcy court confirmed the TPC bankruptcy plan, including the approval of the settlement and establishment of the aforementioned settlement trust. On December 16, 2022, the TPC bankruptcy plan went effective. As a result of the bankruptcy, the MDL was stayed. The stay was lifted in the fourth quarter of 2023 and various activities advancing discovery have resumed. The Company believes the claims asserted against Nalco in the lawsuits stemming from the TPC plant explosion are without merit and intends to defend the claims vigorously. The Company also believes any potential loss should be covered by insurance subject to deductibles. However, the Company cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits, the involvement the Company might have in these matters in the future or the potential for future litigation. Vehicle Accident Litigation In June 2024, an Ecolab employee was driving a company vehicle when it collided with another vehicle, resulting in fatalities and serious injuries. The Company was recently named in a lawsuit arising out of the collision in which the plaintiffs seek monetary damages. The Company believes any potential loss should be covered by insurance subject to its deductible. Due to the early stage of the litigation, an estimate of any loss or range of losses cannot be made at this time. Environmental Matters The Company is currently participating in environmental assessments and remediation at approximately locations, the majority of which are in the U.S., and environmental liabilities have been accrued reflecting management s best estimate of future costs. Potential insurance reimbursements are not anticipated in the Company s accruals for environmental liabilities. 

 28 

No other new accounting pronouncements issued or effective have had or are expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 29 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Ecolab Inc. Results of Review of Interim Financial Statements We have reviewed the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Ecolab Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, and equity for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the interim financial statements ). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the accompanying interim financial statements for them to be in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America . We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein), and in our report dated February 23, 2024, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet information as of December 31, 2023, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived. Basis for Review Results These interim financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our review in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Minneapolis, Minnesota October 31, 2024 

 30 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following management discussion and analysis MD A provides information we believe is useful in understanding our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. We provide quantitative or qualitative information about the material sales drivers including the impact of changes in volume and pricing and the effect of acquisitions and changes in foreign currency at the corporate and reportable segment level. We also provide quantitative information regarding special (gains) and charges, discrete tax items and other significant factors we believe are useful for understanding our results. Such quantitative drivers are supported by comments meant to be qualitative in nature. Qualitative factors are generally ordered based on estimated significance. The MD A should be read in conjunction with both the unaudited consolidated financial information and related notes included in this Form 10-Q, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. This discussion contains various Non-GAAP Financial Measures and also contains various Forward-Looking Statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We refer readers to the statements entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Forward-Looking Statements located at the end of Part I of this report. Comparability of Results Impact of Acquisitions and Divestitures Our non-GAAP financial measures for organic sales, organic operating income and organic operating income margin are at fixed currency and exclude the impact of special (gains) and charges, the results of our acquired businesses from the first twelve months post acquisition and the results of divested businesses from the twelve months prior to divestiture. As part of the separation of ChampionX in 2020, we entered into an agreement with ChampionX to provide, receive or transfer certain products for a transitionary period. Transitionary period sales of product to ChampionX under this agreement are recorded in product and equipment sales in the Corporate segment along with the related cost of sales. The remaining sales to ChampionX are recorded in product and equipment sales in the Global Industrial segment along with the related cost of sales. These transactions are removed from the consolidated results as part of the calculation of the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. Comparability of Reportable Segments Effective January 1, 2024, the former Textile Care and Colloidal Technologies Group CTG operating segments are now part of the Water operating segment which continues to remain in the Global Industrial reportable segment. Additionally, the Pest Elimination operating segment, formerly aggregated with the Textile Care and CTG operating segments within Other, is now reported as the stand-alone Global Pest Elimination reportable segment. We made other immaterial changes, including the movement of certain customers and cost allocations between reportable segments. After these changes, we have eight operating segments. Fixed Currency Foreign Exchange Rates Management evaluates the sales and operating income performance of our non-U.S. dollar functional currency international operations based on fixed currency exchange rates, which eliminate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our international operations. Fixed currency amounts are updated annually at the beginning of each year based on translation into U.S. dollars at foreign currency exchange rates established by management, with all periods presented using such rates. Public currency rate data provided within the Segment Performance section of this MD A reflect amounts translated at actual public average rates of exchange prevailing during the corresponding period and is provided for informational purposes only. OVERVIEW OF THE THIRD QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Sales Performance When comparing third quarter 2024 against third quarter 2023, sales performance was as follows: Reported net sales increased 1 to 3,998.5 million and organic sales increased 4 . Organic sales for our Global Industrial segment increased 2 to 1,975.9 million driven by sales growth in all operating segments. Organic sales for our Global Institutional Specialty segment increased 7 to 1,403.6 million as growth remained strong for both the Institutional and Specialty divisions outperforming end-market trends. Organic sales for our Global Healthcare Life Sciences segment increased 1 to 334.1 million reflected continued growth in Life Sciences and stable Healthcare sales. Organic sales for Global Pest Elimination increased 8 to 305.1 million. 

 31 

Financial Performance When comparing third quarter 2024 against third quarter 2023, our financial performance was as follows: Reported operating income increased 85 to 1,044.8 million. Organic operating income increased 22 . Net income attributable to Ecolab increased 82 to 736.5 million. Excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items from both 2024 and 2023 reported results, our adjusted net income attributable to Ecolab increased 18 . Reported diluted EPS increased 83 to 2.58. Excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items from both 2024 and 2023 reported results, adjusted diluted EPS increased 19 to 1.83 in the third quarter of 2024. Our reported tax rate was 25.0 during the third quarter of 2024, compared to 19.1 during the third quarter of 2023. Excluding the tax rate impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items from both 2024 and 2023 results, our adjusted tax rate was 19.7 during the third quarter of 2024, compared to 18.5 during the third quarter of 2023. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Net Sales Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Product and equipment sales 3,156.0 3,170.9 9,315.6 9,152.0 Service and lease sales 842.5 787.2 2,420.6 2,229.8 Reported GAAP net sales 3,998.5 3,958.1 1 11,736.2 11,381.8 3 Effect of foreign currency translation 40.9 (1.1) 85.7 11.7 Non-GAAP fixed currency sales 4,039.4 3,957.0 2 11,821.9 11,393.5 4 Effect of acquisitions and divestitures (20.7) (91.6) (101.9) (132.3) Non-GAAP organic sales 4,018.7 3,865.4 4 11,720.0 11,261.2 4 Product and sold equipment revenue is generated from providing cleaning, sanitizing and water treatment products or selling equipment used in combination with specialized products. Service and lease equipment revenue is generated from providing services or leasing equipment to customers. All of our sales are subject to the same economic conditions. The percentage components of the period-over-period 2024 sales change are shown below: 

Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (percent) 2024 2024 Volume 2 2 Pricing 2 3 Organic sales change 4 4 Acquisitions and divestitures (2) - Fixed currency sales change 2 4 Foreign currency translation (1) (1) Reported GAAP net sales change 1 3 Amounts do not necessarily sum due to rounding. Cost of Sales COS and Gross Profit Margin Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross Gross Gross Gross (millions/percent) COS Margin COS Margin COS Margin COS Margin Product and equipment cost of sales 1,771.2 1,868.1 5,221.0 5,561.7 Service and lease cost of sales 490.3 462.4 1,409.6 1,308.8 Reported GAAP COS and gross margin 2,261.5 43.4 2,330.5 41.1 6,630.6 43.5 6,870.5 39.6 Special (gains) and charges 0.9 5.9 3.2 17.2 Non-GAAP adjusted COS and gross margin 2,260.6 43.5 2,324.6 41.3 6,627.4 43.5 6,853.3 39.8 Our COS and corresponding gross profit margin gross margin are shown in the table above. Gross margin is defined as net sales less cost of sales divided by net sales. 

 32 

Our reported gross margin was 43.4 and 41.1 for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our reported gross margin was 43.5 and 39.6 for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Special (gains) and charges included in items impacting cost of sales are shown within the Special (Gains) and Charges table below. Excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges within COS, third quarter 2024 and 2023 adjusted gross margin was 43.5 and 41.3 , respectively, and for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 was 43.5 and 39.8 , respectively. Our adjusted gross margin increased when comparing the third quarter of 2024 against the third quarter of 2023 reflecting strong value pricing and lower delivered product costs. Selling, General and Administrative Expense Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses as a percentage of sales were 25.6 and 27.1 for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, compared to 25.9 and 26.6 for the third quarter and first nine months of 202 3, respectively. The SG A ratio to sales in the third quarter of 2024 increased as sales productivity was offset by growth-oriented investments in the business. Special (Gains) and Charges Special (gains) and charges reported on the Consolidated Statements of Income include the following items: 

Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of sales Other restructuring 0.9 5.9 3.2 17.2 Cost of sales subtotal 0.9 5.9 3.2 17.2 Special (gains) and charges One Ecolab 24.4 - 38.9 - Other restructuring 0.4 20.0 20.1 46.3 Sale of global surgical solutions business (364.0) 4.8 (350.7) 4.8 Acquisition and integration activities 3.5 3.0 8.3 11.5 Other 3.1 8.9 (8.8) 19.6 Special (gains) and charges subtotal (332.6) 36.7 (292.2) 82.2 Total special (gains) and charges 331.7) 42.6 289.0) 99.4 For segment reporting purposes, special (gains) and charges are not allocated to reportable segments, which is consistent with our internal management reporting. One Ecolab On July 30, 2024, we announced the One Ecolab initiative, which will enhance our growth and margin expansion journey. As a program within this initiative, we also announced that we commenced a restructuring plan to leverage our digital technologies to realign the functional work done in many countries into global centers of excellence. We anticipate restructuring costs of 175 million 136 million after tax) or 0.47 per diluted share and special charges of 50 million 39 million after tax) or 0.14 per diluted share by the end of 2027. We anticipate that the restructuring costs will primarily be cash expenditures for severance costs relating to team reorganization. In anticipation of this One Ecolab initiative, a limited number of actions were taken in the first and second quarter of 2024. As a result, we reclassified 5.3 million 4.0 million after tax) or 0.01 per diluted share from other restructuring to One Ecolab in the third quarter of 2024. We recorded restructuring charges of 17.4 million 13.3 million after tax), or 0.05 per diluted share and 22.7 million 17.3 million after tax), or 0.06 per diluted share during the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, primarily related to severance and professional services. In addition, we recorded non-restructuring special charges of 7.0 million 5.2 million after tax), or 0.02 per diluted share and 16.2 million 12.2 million after tax), or 0.04 per diluted share during the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, primarily related to professional services. We have recorded 28.0 million 21.3 million after tax), or 0.07 per diluted share of cumulative restructuring charges and 16.2 million 12.2 million after tax), or 0.04 per diluted share of cumulative special charges under the One Ecolab initiative. The net restructuring liability related to the One Ecolab initiative was 14.1 million as of September 30, 2024. The remaining liability is expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters and will continue to be funded from operating activities. One Ecolab has delivered 8 million of cumulative cost savings with estimated annualized cost savings of 225 million in continuing operations by 2027. 

 33 

Other restructuring Other restructuring is primarily related to the Combined Program, which is described below. These activities have been included as a component of cost of sales and special (gains) and charges on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Restructuring liabilities have been classified as a component of other current and other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Further details related to our restructuring charges are included in Note 3. Combined Program In November 2022, we approved a Europe cost savings program. In February 2023, we expanded our previously announced Europe cost savings program to focus on our Institutional and Healthcare businesses in other regions. In connection with the expanded program (the Combined Program ), we expect to incur total pre-tax charges of 195 million 150 million after tax) or 0.52 per diluted share. We expect that these restructuring charges will be substantially completed by the end of 2024. Program actions include headcount reductions from terminations, not filling certain open positions, and facility closures. The Combined Program charges are expected to be primarily cash expenditures related to severance and asset disposals. In anticipation of this Combined Program, a limited number of actions were taken in the fourth quarter of 2022. As a result, we reclassified 19.3 million 14.5 million after tax) or 0.05 per diluted share from other restructuring to the Combined Program in the first quarter of 2023. During the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, we recorded total Combined Program restructuring charges of 1.3 million 0.6 million after tax) or less than 0.01 per diluted share and 24.2 million 20.5 million after tax) or 0.07 per diluted share, respectively, and during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, recorded 23.3 million 17.8 million after tax), or 0.06 per diluted share and 57.3 million 46.9 million after tax) or 0.16 per diluted share, respectively, primarily related to severance. We recorded 182.2 million 150.7 million after tax), or 0.53 per diluted share of cumulative charges under the Combined Plan. We reclassified 5.3 million 4.0 million after tax) or 0.01 per diluted share from the combined restructuring program to other restructuring activities in the second quarter of 2024. The net liability related to the Combined Program was 18.0 million and 43.1 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The remaining liability is expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters and will continue to be funded from operating activities. The Combined Program has delivered 167 million of cumulative cost savings with estimated annualized cost savings of 175 million in continuing operations by 2024. Other Restructuring Activities During 2024, we recorded restructuring charges of 10.6 million 8.0 million after tax), or 0.03 per diluted share related to an immaterial restructuring plan approved in the second quarter. This plan became part of the One Ecolab initiative in the third quarter. The restructuring liability balance for all other restructuring plans excluding the Combined Program and One Ecolab was 6.8 million as of the end of the third quarter. Sale of global surgical solutions business On April 27, 2024, we reached a definitive agreement to sell our global surgical solutions business, which closed on August 1, 2024. We recorded a gain on sale of 365.3 million 264.2 million after tax) or 0.92) per diluted share in 2024, as described in Note 2. Excluding the gain on sale, we recorded charges of 3.3 million 2.5 million after tax) or 0.01 per diluted share and 14.6 million 11.3 million after tax) or 0.04 per diluted share in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, which are primarily related to professional fees to support the sale. We recorded charges of 4.8 million 3.6 million after tax) or 0.01 per diluted share in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, primarily related to professional fees to support the sale. Acquisition and integration related costs Acquisition and integration related costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the Consolidated Statements of Income include 3.5 million 2.7 million after tax) or 0.01 per diluted share and 3.0 million 2.2 million after tax) or 0.01 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 8.3 million 6.3 million after tax) or 0.02 per diluted share and 11.5 million 8.6 million after tax) or 0.03 per diluted share in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 34 

Other operating activities Other special charges recorded in special (gains) and charges on the Consolidated Statements of Income in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 were 3.1 million 2.3 million after tax) or less than 0.01 per diluted share and 8.9 million 6.7 million after tax) or 0.02 per diluted share, respectively, and in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 were 8.8 million) 6.9 million gain after tax) or 0.02) per diluted share and 19.6 million 14.9 million after tax) or 0.05 per diluted share, respectively, primarily related to recoveries of COVID era credits, p rofessional fees and certain legal charges. Operating Income and Operating Income Margin Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reported GAAP operating income 1,044.8 566.0 85 2,219.6 1,402.3 58 Special (gains) and charges (331.7) 42.6 (289.0) 99.4 Non-GAAP adjusted operating income 713.1 608.6 17 1,930.6 1,501.7 29 Effect of foreign currency translation 10.3 (0.6) 20.3 0.1 Non-GAAP adjusted fixed currency operating income 723.4 608.0 19 1,950.9 1,501.8 30 Effect of acquisitions and divestitures (2.9) (15.6) (5.3) (17.0) Non-GAAP organic operating income 720.5 592.4 22 1,945.6 1,484.8 31 Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (percent) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reported GAAP operating income margin 26.1 14.3 18.9 12.3 Non-GAAP adjusted operating income margin 17.8 15.4 16.4 13.2 Non-GAAP adjusted fixed currency operating income margin 17.9 15.4 16.5 13.2 Non-GAAP organic operating income margin 17.9 15.3 16.6 13.2 Our operating income and corresponding operating income margin are shown in the previous tables. Operating income margin is defined as operating income divided by net sales. Our reported operating income increased 85 and 58 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, versus the comparable periods of 2023. Our reported operating income for 2024 and 2023 was impacted by special (gains) and charges; excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges from 2024 and 2023 reported results, our adjusted operating income increased 17 and 29 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively. As shown in the previous table, foreign currency had a 2 and 1 percentage point impact on adjusted operating income growth for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively. Foreign currency had a 1 and (2) percentage point impact on adjusted operating income growth for the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. Other (Income) Expense Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Reported GAAP other (income) expense 12.9) 14.5) (11) 38.1) 42.0) (9) Reported other (income) expense decreased to 12.9) million from 14.5) million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, respectively, and decreased to 38.1) million from 42.0) million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, respectively, driven by higher pension costs. Interest Expense, Net Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Reported GAAP interest expense, net 70.4 74.3 (5) 220.8 226.3 (2) Reported net interest expense was 70.4 million and 74.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 220.8 million and 226.3 million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in net interest expense reflects the impact from higher interest income earned on cash balances. 

 35 

Provision for Income Taxes The following table provides a summary of our tax rate: 

Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (percent) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reported GAAP tax rate 25.0 19.1 18.9 19.4 Tax rate impact of: Special (gains) and charges (2.9) 0.1 (1.6) 0.1 Discrete tax items (2.4) (0.7) 2.4 (0.2) Non-GAAP adjusted tax rate 19.7 18.5 19.7 19.3 Our reported tax rate was 25.0 and 19.1 for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 18.9 and 19.4 for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in our tax rate for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 versus the comparable periods of 2023 was driven primarily by discrete tax items and special (gains) and charges. The change in our tax rate includes the tax impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items, which have impacted the comparability of our historical reported tax rates, as amounts included in our special (gains) and charges are derived from tax jurisdictions with rates that vary from our tax rate, and discrete tax items are not necessarily consistent across periods. The tax impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items will likely continue to impact comparability of our reported tax rate in the future. We recognized net tax expense related to discrete tax items of 15.8 million and net tax benefit of 42.7 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively. This included a tax benefit of 41.9 million in the first nine months of 2024, associated with transferring certain intangible property between affiliates and 3.3 million and 15.6 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, associated with share-based compensation excess tax benefits. The remaining net tax expense of 19.1 million and 14.8 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, is from other income tax adjustments including the impact of provision to return adjustments, changes in tax laws, audit settlements, unrecognized tax benefits and other changes in estimates. We recognized net tax expense related to discrete tax items of 3.5 million and 2.3 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. This included share-based compensation excess tax benefits of 0.8 million and 2.7 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. Additionally, we recognized net tax expense related to discrete tax items of 4.3 million and 5.0 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively, primarily due to audit settlements, unrecognized tax benefits, provision to return adjustments, repricing of deferred tax balances, and other changes in estimates . The Organization for Economic Co-operation s OECD global minimum tax regime Pillar Two became effective in certain countries where we operate starting in 2024. As such, an estimate of Pillar Two tax has been considered within the provision for income taxes. We continue to monitor these legislative developments, but based on information available we do not anticipate material impacts to the 2024 financial statements. Net Income Attributable to Ecolab Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Reported GAAP net income attributable to Ecolab 736.5 404.0 82 1,639.5 967.1 70 Adjustments: Special (gains) and charges, after tax (230.3) 34.2 (206.3) 78.6 Discrete tax net expense 15.8 3.5 (42.7) 2.3 Non-GAAP adjusted net income attributable to Ecolab 522.0 441.7 18 1,390.5 1,048.0 33 Diluted EPS Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (dollars) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Reported GAAP diluted EPS 2.58 1.41 83 5.72 3.38 69 Adjustments: Special (gains) and charges, after tax (0.81) 0.12 (0.72) 0.27 Discrete tax net expense 0.06 0.01 (0.15) 0.01 Non-GAAP adjusted diluted EPS 1.83 1.54 19 4.85 3.66 33 Per share amounts in the above tables do not necessary sum due to rounding. Currency translation had an unfavorable impact of approximately 0.04) and 0.09) per share on diluted EPS for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, when compared to the comparable period of 2023. 

 36 

SEGMENT PERFORMANCE The non-U.S. dollar functional international amounts included within our reportable segments are based on translation into U.S. dollars at the fixed currency exchange rates used by management for 2024. The difference between the fixed currency exchange rates and the actual currency exchange rates is reported as effect of foreign currency translation in the following tables. All other accounting policies of the reportable segments are consistent with U.S. GAAP and the accounting policies described in Note 3 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Additional information about our reportable segments is included in Note 16. Fixed currency net sales and operating income for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 for our reportable segments are shown in the following tables: Net Sales Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Global Industrial 1,993.0 1,940.8 3 5,790.7 5,655.4 2 Global Institutional Specialty 1,403.6 1,314.1 7 4,046.6 3,719.0 9 Global Healthcare Life Sciences 334.1 408.3 (18) 1,112.0 1,189.7 (7) Global Pest Elimination 308.7 283.1 9 872.6 797.4 9 Corporate - 10.7 - 32.0 Subtotal at fixed currency 4,039.4 3,957.0 2 11,821.9 11,393.5 4 Effect of foreign currency translation (40.9) 1.1 (85.7) (11.7) Consolidated reported GAAP net sales 3,998.5 3,958.1 1 11,736.2 11,381.8 3 Operating Income Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Global Industrial 349.1 299.1 17 926.0 783.8 18 Global Institutional Specialty 325.6 254.9 28 894.3 598.4 49 Global Healthcare Life Sciences 35.8 44.7 (20) 106.5 113.3 (6) Global Pest Elimination 63.1 59.0 7 174.1 155.9 12 Corporate 281.5 (91.6) 138.9 (248.3) Subtotal at fixed currency 1,055.1 566.1 86 2,239.8 1,403.1 60 Effect of foreign currency translation (10.3) (0.1) (20.2) (0.8) Consolidated reported GAAP operating income 1,044.8 566.0 85 2,219.6 1,402.3 58 The following tables reconcile the impact of acquisitions and divestitures within our reportable segments: 

Third Quarter Ended September 30 Net Sales 2024 2023 (millions) Fixed Currency Impact of Acquisitions and Divestitures Organic Fixed Currency Impact of Acquisitions and Divestitures Organic Global Industrial 1,993.0 17.1) 1,975.9 1,940.8 4.3) 1,936.5 Global Institutional Specialty 1,403.6 - 1,403.6 1,314.1 - 1,314.1 Global Healthcare Life Sciences 334.1 - 334.1 408.3 (76.6) 331.7 Global Pest Elimination 308.7 (3.6) 305.1 283.1 - 283.1 Corporate - - - 10.7 (10.7) - Subtotal at fixed currency 4,039.4 (20.7) 4,018.7 3,957.0 (91.6) 3,865.4 Effect of foreign currency translation (40.9) 1.1 Consolidated reported GAAP net sales 3,998.5 3,958.1 Operating Income 2024 2023 (millions) Fixed Currency Impact of Acquisitions and Divestitures Organic Fixed Currency Impact of Acquisitions and Divestitures Organic Global Industrial 349.1 2.5) 346.6 299.1 0.6 299.7 Global Institutional Specialty 325.6 - 325.6 254.9 - 254.9 Global Healthcare Life Sciences 35.8 - 35.8 44.7 (15.9) 28.8 Global Pest Elimination 63.1 (0.4) 62.7 59.0 - 59.0 Corporate (50.2) - (50.2) (49.7) (0.3) (50.0) Non-GAAP adjusted fixed currency operating income 723.4 (2.9) 720.5 608.0 (15.6) 592.4 Special (gains) and charges (331.7) 41.9 Subtotal at fixed currency 1,055.1 566.1 Effect of foreign currency translation (10.3) (0.1) Consolidated reported GAAP operating income 1,044.8 566.0 

 37 

Nine Months Ended September 30 Net Sales 2024 2023 (millions) Fixed Currency Impact of Acquisitions and Divestitures Organic Fixed Currency Impact of Acquisitions and Divestitures Organic Global Industrial 5,790.7 64.3) 5,726.4 5,655.4 23.7) 5,631.7 Global Institutional Specialty 4,046.6 (31.9) 4,014.7 3,719.0 - 3,719.0 Global Healthcare Life Sciences 1,112.0 - 1,112.0 1,189.7 (76.6) 1,113.1 Global Pest Elimination 872.6 (5.7) 866.9 797.4 - 797.4 Corporate - - - 32.0 (32.0) - Subtotal at fixed currency 11,821.9 (101.9) 11,720.0 11,393.5 (132.3) 11,261.2 Effect of foreign currency translation (85.7) (11.7) Consolidated reported GAAP net sales 11,736.2 11,381.8 Operating Income 2024 2023 (millions) Fixed Currency Impact of Acquisitions and Divestitures Organic Fixed Currency Impact of Acquisitions and Divestitures Organic Global Industrial 926.0 3.6) 922.4 783.8 0.1) 783.7 Global Institutional Specialty 894.3 (1.9) 892.4 598.4 - 598.4 Global Healthcare Life Sciences 106.5 - 106.5 113.3 (15.9) 97.4 Global Pest Elimination 174.1 0.2 174.3 155.9 - 155.9 Corporate (150.0) - (150.0) (149.6) (1.0) (150.6) Non-GAAP adjusted fixed currency operating income 1,950.9 (5.3) 1,945.6 1,501.8 (17.0) 1,484.8 Special (gains) and charges (288.9) 98.7 Subtotal at fixed currency 2,239.8 1,403.1 Effect of foreign currency translation (20.2) (0.8) Consolidated reported GAAP operating income 2,219.6 1,402.3 

 38 

Unless otherwise noted, the following segment performance commentary compares the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 against the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. Global Industrial 

Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales at fixed currency (millions) 1,993.0 1,940.8 5,790.7 5,655.4 Sales at public currency (millions) 1,966.7 1,945.1 5,742.4 5,663.7 Organic sales change 2 2 Acquisitions and divestitures 1 1 Fixed currency sales change 3 2 Foreign currency translation (2) (1) Public currency sales change 1 1 Operating income at fixed currency (millions) 349.1 299.1 926.0 783.8 Operating income at public currency (millions) 342.7 300.7 914.8 788.6 Fixed currency operating income change 17 18 Fixed currency operating income margin 17.5 15.4 16.0 13.9 Organic operating income change 16 18 Organic operating income margin 17.5 15.5 16.1 13.9 Public currency operating income change 14 16 Percentages in the above table do not necessarily sum due to rounding. Net Sales Organic sales for Global Industrial increased in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 driven by growth in all operating segments. Water organic sales increased 3 in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 reflecting good growth in downstream and in light water sales, and improved growth in heavy water sales. Light water reported sales growth driven by strong high-tech (data centers and microelectronics) growth and good growth in the food beverage, transportation, and institutional markets. Heavy water recorded sales growth driven by chemical and primary metals. Downstream industry reported sales growth reflecting good performance across all segments. Food Beverage organic sales increased 1 in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 as new business offset continued soft industry demand. Paper organic sales increased 2 and decreased 1 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, as improved sales growth reflected new business wins and stable end-market trends. Operating Income Organic operating income and organic operating income margins both increased for Global Industrial in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively. Organic operating income margins increased 2.0 percentage points during the third quarter of 2024 as the 3.8 percentage point positive impact of lower delivered product costs, strong value pricing and higher volumes overcame the 2.0 percentage point impact of investments in the business. Organic operating income margins increased 2.2 percentage points during the first nine months of 2024 as the 4.7 percentage point positive impact of lower delivered product costs, strong value pricing and higher volumes overcame the 2.4 percentage point impact of investments in the business. 

 39 

Global Institutional Specialty 

Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales at fixed currency (millions) 1,403.6 1,314.1 4,046.6 3,719.0 Sales at public currency (millions) 1,394.2 1,313.0 4,024.8 3,714.0 Organic sales change 7 8 Acquisitions and divestitures - 1 Fixed currency sales change 7 9 Foreign currency translation (1) - Public currency sales change 6 8 Operating income at fixed currency (millions) 325.6 254.9 894.3 598.4 Operating income at public currency (millions) 322.8 254.6 888.1 597.4 Fixed currency operating income change 28 49 Fixed currency operating income margin 23.2 19.4 22.1 16.1 Organic operating income change 28 49 Organic operating income margin 23.2 19.4 22.2 16.1 Public currency operating income change 27 49 Percentages in the above table do not necessarily sum due to rounding. Net Sales Organic sales for Global Institutional Specialty increased in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, with strong growth in both the Institutional and Specialty divisions. At an operating segment level, Institutional organic sales increased 6 and 8 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, reflecting sales growth across restaurants, foodservice, lodging and long term care. Specialty organic sales increased 7 in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 reflecting sales growth driven by quick service and food retail. Operating Income Organic operating income and organic operating income margin both increased in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 for our Global Institutional Specialty segment. Organic operating income margins increased 3.8 percentage points during the third quarter of 2024, as the 5.1 percentage point positive impact from strong value pricing, lower supply chain costs, and higher volumes overcame the 1.9 percentage point impact from investments in the business. Organic operating income margins increased 6.1 percentage points during the first nine months of 2024, as the 7.6 percentage point positive impact from strong value pricing, lower supply chain costs and higher volumes overcame the 1.8 percentage point impact from investments in the business. 

 40 

Global Healthcare Life Sciences 

Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales at fixed currency (millions) 334.1 408.3 1,112.0 1,189.7 Sales at public currency (millions) 330.4 406.2 1,100.0 1,176.7 Organic sales change 1 0 Acquisitions and divestitures (19) (6) Fixed currency sales change (18) (7) Foreign currency translation - - Public currency sales change (19) (7) Operating income at fixed currency (millions) 35.8 44.7 106.5 113.3 Operating income at public currency (millions) 34.8 43.8 103.6 109.5 Fixed currency operating income change (20) (6) Fixed currency operating income margin 10.7 10.9 9.6 9.5 Organic operating income change 24 9 Organic operating income margin 10.7 8.7 9.6 8.8 Public currency operating income change (21) (5) Percentages in the above table do not necessarily sum due to rounding. Net Sales Organic sales for Global Healthcare Life Sciences increased in the third quarter and were stable in the first nine months of 2024 reflecting continued growth in Life Sciences and stable Healthcare sales. At an operating segment level, Healthcare organic sales were stable and decreased 2 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, reflecting strategic low margin business exits offset by improved pricing. Life Sciences organic sales increased 1 and 2 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, reflecting good underlying business momentum that offset soft near-term industry trends. Operating Income Organic operating income and organic operating income margins both increased in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 for both our Global Healthcare Life Sciences segment. Organic operating income margins increased 2.0 percentage points during the third quarter of 2024, as the 2.4 percentage point positive impact from strong value pricing overcame the 1.3 percentage point impacts from higher supply chain costs. Organic operating income margins increased 0.8 percentage points during the first nine months of 2024, as the 2.7 percentage point positive impact from strong value pricing overcame the 1.6 percentage point impact from investments in the business. 

 41 

Global Pest Elimination 

Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales at fixed currency (millions) 308.7 283.1 872.6 797.4 Sales at public currency (millions) 307.2 283.1 869.0 795.5 Organic sales change 8 9 Acquisitions and divestitures 1 1 Fixed currency sales change 9 9 Foreign currency translation (1) - Public currency sales change 9 9 Operating income at fixed currency (millions) 63.1 59.0 174.1 155.9 Operating income at public currency (millions) 62.8 59.0 173.4 155.7 Fixed currency operating income change 7 12 Fixed currency operating income margin 20.4 20.8 20.0 19.6 Organic operating income change 6 12 Organic operating income margin 20.6 20.8 20.1 19.6 Public currency operating income change 6 11 Percentages in the above table do not necessarily sum due to rounding. Net Sales Organic sales for Global Pest Elimination increased 8 and 9 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, driven by growth in food beverage, food retail, restaurants and hospitality. Operating Income Organic operating income increased and organic operating income margins decreased for Global Pest Elimination in the third quarter 2024. Organic operating income and organic operating income margins increased for Global Pest Elimination in the first nine months of 2024. Organic operating income margins decreased 0.2 percentage points during the third quarter of 2024, as the 3.4 percentage point positive impact from strong value pricing was more than offset by the 5.0 percentage point impact of investments in the business. Organic operating income margins increased 0.5 percentage points during the first nine months of 2024, as the 4.7 percentage point positive impact from strong value pricing and higher volumes overcame the 4.6 percentage point impact of investments in the business. Corporate Consistent with our internal management reporting, Corporate amounts in the table on page 37 include sales to ChampionX in accordance with the transitional supply agreement entered into with the transaction post-separation, as discussed in Note 15, intangible asset amortization specifically from the Nalco and Purolite transactions and special (gains) and charges that are not allocated to our reportable segments. Items included within special (gains) and charges are shown in the table on page 33 . 

 42 

FINANCIAL POSITION, CASH FLOWS AND LIQUIDITY Financial Position Total assets were 22.1 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared to total assets of 21.8 billion as of December 31, 2023. Total liabilities were 13.5 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared to total liabilities of 13.8 billion as of December 31, 2023. Total debt was 7.6 billion as of September 30, 2024 and 8.2 billion as of December 31, 2023. See further discussion of our debt activity within the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of this MD A. Our net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA is shown in the following table. EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure discussed further in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this MD A. The inputs to EBITDA reflect the trailing twelve months of activity for the period presented: 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (ratio) Net debt to EBITDA 1.7 2.4 (millions) Total debt 7,617.5 8,181.8 Cash 1,261.1 919.5 Net debt 6,356.4 7,262.3 Net income including noncontrolling interest 2,063.2 1,393.0 Provision for income taxes 511.2 362.5 Interest expense, net 291.2 296.7 Depreciation 627.1 616.7 Amortization 303.3 306.9 EBITDA 3,796.0 2,975.8 Cash Flows Operating Activities 

Nine Months Ended September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 Change Cash provided by operating activities 2,047.2 1,559.3 487.9 We continue to generate cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in the business and pension obligations along with returning cash to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases. Cash provided by operating activities increased 488 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, driven primarily by a 73 million net favorable change in working capital and 288 million increase in net income excluding the net gain on sale of the global surgical solutions business. The cash flow impact from working capital was primarily driven by improvement in accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in inventory, due to increased demand and anticipated disruption impacting our supply chain. Investing Activities 

Nine Months Ended September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 Change Cash provided by (used for) investing activities 193.7 642.1) 835.8 Cash provided by (used for) used for investing activities is primarily impacted by capital investments in the business. We continue to make capital investments in the business, including merchandising equipment, manufacturing equipment and facilities. Total capital expenditures were 635 million and 512 million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total cash provided by (used for) acquisitions, net of cash acquired along with dispositions, net of cash divested, during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, was 833 million and 107 million), respectively. Our acquisitions are discussed further in Note 4. We continue to target strategic business acquisitions which complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth. Cash proceeds from dispositions, net of cash divested in the first nine months of 2024 include the divestiture of our global surgical solutions business for 890 million as discussed in Note 2. 

 43 

Financing Activities 

Nine Months Ended September 30 (millions) 2024 2023 Change Cash used for financing activities 1,884.0) 469.2) 1,414.8) Our cash flows from financing activities primarily reflect the issuances and repayment of debt, common stock repurchases, proceeds from common stock issuances related to our equity incentive programs and dividend payments. We had net issuances of commercial paper and notes payable of 3 million and zero in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Shares are repurchased for the purpose of partially offsetting the dilutive effect of our equity compensation plans, to manage our capital structure and to efficiently return capital to shareholders. We reacquired a total of 984 million and 12 million of shares in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash proceeds and tax benefits from stock option exercises provide a portion of the funding for repurchase activity. There was no long-term debt issuance activity through the first nine months of 2024 or 2023. We repaid 630 million of long-term debt in the first nine months of 2024 . We paid dividends of 503 million and 463 million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Liquidity and Capital Resources We currently expect to fund the cash requirements which are reasonably foreseeable for the next twelve months, including scheduled debt repayments, new investments in the business, share repurchases, dividend payments, possible business acquisitions and pension and postretirement contributions with cash from operating activities, and as needed, additional short-term and/or long-term borrowings. We continue to expect our operating cash flow to remain strong. As of September 30, 2024, we had 1,261 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, of which 325 million was held outside of the U.S. We will continue to evaluate our cash position in light of future developments. As of September 30, 2024, we have a 2.0 billion multi-year credit facility which expires in April 2026. The credit facility has been established with a diverse syndicate of banks and supports our U.S. and Euro commercial paper programs. The maximum aggregate amount of commercial paper that may be issued under our U.S. commercial paper program and our Euro commercial paper program may not exceed 2.0 billion. At the end of the third quarter of both 2024 and 2023, we had no outstanding commercial paper under our U.S. program nor our Euro program. There were no borrowings under our credit facility as of September 30, 2024 or 2023. As of September 30, 2024, both programs were rated A-2 by Standard Poor s, P-2 by Moody s and F-1 by Fitch. There was no long-term debt issuance activity through the first nine months of 2024. We repaid 630 million of long-term debt in the first nine months of 2024. We are in compliance with our debt covenants and other requirements of our credit agreements and indentures. We believe we have sufficient borrowing capacity to meet our foreseeable operating activities, as needed. The schedule of contractual obligations included in the Financial Position and Liquidity section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 disclosed total notes payable and long-term debt due within one year of 630 million. As of September 30, 2024, the total notes payable and long-term debt due within one year was 643 million. We had no outstanding commercial paper under our U.S. program as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023. Our gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits was 30 million and 24 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We are not able to reasonably estimate the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time; however, at this time, we do not expect significant payments related to these obligations within the next year. 

 44 

GLOBAL ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT Global Economies Approximately half of our sales are outside of the U.S. Our international operations subject us to changes in economic conditions and foreign currency exchange rates as well as political uncertainty in some countries which could impact future operating results. Argentina and Turkey are classified as highly inflationary economies in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and the U.S. dollar is the functional currency for our subsidiaries in Argentina and Turkey. During the first nine months of 2024, sales in Argentina and Turkey represented less than 1 of our consolidated sales. Assets held in Argentina and Turkey at the end of the third quarter of 2024 represented less than 1 of our consolidated assets. In light of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the sanctions against Russia by the United States and other countries, we have made the determination that we will limit our Russian business to operations that are essential to life, providing minimal support for our healthcare, life sciences, food and beverage and certain water businesses. We may further narrow our presence in Russia depending on future developments. During the first nine months of 2024, our Russian and Ukraine operations represented approximately 1 of our 2024 consolidated net sales. NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS For information on new accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS In October 2024, we entered into cross-currency swap derivative contracts with notional amounts of 150 million, 100 million, CNH 714 million and CNH 713 million maturing in 2027, 2028, 2025 and 2026, respectively. These cross-currency swap derivative contracts are designated as net investment hedges of our Euro or CNY denominated exposures from our investments in certain of our Euro or CNY denominated functional currency subsidiaries. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation in Item 2, contains financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP). These non-GAAP measures include: Fixed currency sales Organic sales Adjusted cost of sales Adjusted gross margin Fixed currency operating income Fixed currency operating income margin Adjusted operating income Adjusted operating income margin Adjusted fixed currency operating income Adjusted fixed currency operating income margin Organic operating income Organic operating income margin EBITDA Adjusted tax rate Adjusted net income attributable to Ecolab Adjusted diluted EPS We provide these measures as additional information regarding our operating results. We use these non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate our performance and in making financial and operational decisions, including with respect to incentive compensation. We believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency with respect to our results of operations and that these measures are useful for period-to-period comparison of results. 

 45 

Our non-GAAP adjusted financial measures for cost of sales, gross margin and operating income exclude the impact of special (gains) and charges and our non-GAAP adjusted financial measures for tax rate, net income attributable to Ecolab and diluted earnings per share further exclude the impact of discrete tax items. We include items within special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items that we believe can significantly affect the period-over-period assessment of operating results and not necessarily reflect costs and/or income associated with historical trends and future results. After tax special (gains) and charges are derived by applying the applicable local jurisdictional tax rate to the corresponding pre-tax special (gains) and charges. EBITDA is defined as the sum of net income including noncontrolling interest, provision for income taxes, net interest expense, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is used in our net debt to EBITDA ratio, which we view as important indicators of the operational and financial health of our organization. We evaluate the performance of our international operations based on fixed currency rates of foreign exchange. Fixed currency amounts included in this Form 10-Q are based on translation into U.S. dollars at the fixed foreign currency exchange rates established by management at the beginning of 2024. We also provide our segment results based on public currency rates for informational purposes. Our reportable segments do not include the impact of intangible asset amortization from the Nalco and Purolite transactions or the impact of special (gains) and charges as these are not allocated to our reportable segments. Our non-GAAP financial measures for organic sales, organic operating income and organic operating income margin are at fixed currency and exclude the impact of special (gains) and charges, the results of our acquired businesses from the first twelve months post acquisition and the results of divested businesses from the twelve months prior to divestiture. Further, due to the sale of the global surgical solutions business on August 1, 2024, we have excluded the results of the business for August and September 2023 from these organic measures for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2023 to remain comparable to the corresponding periods in 2024. As part of the separation of ChampionX in 2020, we entered into an agreement with ChampionX to provide, receive or transfer certain products for a transitionary period. Transitionary period sales of product to ChampionX under this agreement are recorded in product and equipment sales in the Corporate segment along with the related cost of sales. The remaining sales to ChampionX are recorded in product and equipment sales in Global Industrial segment along with the related cost of sales. These transactions are removed from the consolidated results as part of the calculation of the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. These non-GAAP measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to U.S. GAAP, and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. Investors should not rely on any single financial measure when evaluating our business. We recommend that investors view these measures in conjunction with the U.S. GAAP measures included in this MD A and we have provided reconciliations of reported U.S. GAAP amounts to the non-GAAP amounts. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 2, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include our business performance and prospects; expectations concerning timing, amount and type of restructuring costs and savings from restructuring activities; Russian operations; working capital; capital investments, acquisitions and share repurchases; amortization expense; non-performance of financial counterparties; payments and contributions to pension and postretirement health care benefit plans; the impact of lawsuits, claims and environmental matters; impact of new accounting pronouncements and tax laws; cash flows, borrowing capacity and funding of cash requirements, including repayment of debt; payments related to uncertain tax positions; and implementation of ERP system upgrade. Without limiting the foregoing, words or phrases such as will likely result, are expected to, will continue, is anticipated, we believe, we expect, estimate, project (including the negative or variations thereof) or similar terminology, generally identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may also represent challenging goals for us. These statements, which represent our expectations or beliefs concerning various future events, are based on current expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those of such forward-looking statements. In particular, the ultimate results of any restructuring or efficiency initiative, integration and business improvement actions, including cost synergies, depend on a number of factors, including the development of final plans, the impact of local regulatory requirements regarding employee terminations, the time necessary to develop and implement the restructuring or efficiency initiative and other business improvement initiatives and the level of success achieved through such actions in improving competitiveness, efficiency and effectiveness. We caution that undue reliance should not be placed on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Some of the factors which could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements are set forth under Item 1A of our most recent Form 10-K and our other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), and include the impact of economic factors such as the worldwide economy, interest rates, foreign currency risk, reduced sales and earnings in our international operations resulting from the weakening of local currencies versus the U.S. dollar, demand uncertainty, supply chain challenges and inflation; the vitality of the markets we serve; exposure to global economic, political and legal risks related to our international operations, including geopolitical instability and the escalation of armed conflicts; our ability to successfully execute organizational change and management transitions; information technology infrastructure failures or breaches in data security; difficulty in procuring raw materials or fluctuations in raw material costs; the occurrence of severe public health outbreaks not limited to COVID-19; our ability to acquire complementary businesses and to effectively integrate such businesses; our ability to execute key business initiatives; our ability to successfully compete with respect to value, innovation and customer support; our increasing reliance on artificial 

 46 

intelligence technologies in our products, services and operations; pressure on operations from consolidation of customers or vendors; restraints on pricing flexibility due to contractual obligations and our ability to meet our contractual commitments; the costs and effects of complying with laws and regulations, including those relating to the environment, climate change standards, and to the manufacture, storage, distribution, sale and use of our products, as well as to the conduct of our business generally, including labor and employment and anti-corruption; potential chemical spill or release; our commitments, goals, targets, objectives and initiatives related to sustainability; potential to incur significant tax liabilities or indemnification liabilities relating to the separation and split-off of our ChampionX business; the occurrence of litigation or claims, including class action lawsuits; the loss or insolvency of a major customer or distributor; repeated or prolonged government and/or business shutdowns or similar events; acts of war or terrorism; natural or man-made disasters; water shortages; severe weather conditions; changes in tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities; potential loss of deferred tax assets; our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with covenants that apply to our indebtedness; potential losses arising from the impairment of goodwill or other assets; and other uncertainties or risks reported from time to time in our reports to the SEC. There can be no assurances that our earnings levels will meet investors expectations. Except as may be required under applicable law, we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any duty to update our Forward-Looking Statements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We use foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swap agreements and foreign currency debt to manage risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and net investments in our foreign operations. We do not hold derivative financial instruments of a speculative nature or for trading purposes. For a more detailed discussion of derivative instruments, refer to Note 9, entitled Derivatives and Hedging Transactions , of the consolidated financial statements located under Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Item 4. Controls and Procedures As of September 30, 2024, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. During the period July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing our implementation of our enterprise resource planning ERP system upgrades, which are expected to occur in phases over the next several years. These upgrades, which include supply chain and certain finance functions, are expected to improve the efficiency of certain financial and related transactional processes. These upgrades of the ERP systems will affect the processes that constitute our internal control over financial reporting and will require testing for effectiveness. 

 47 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings Note 17, entitled Commitments and Contingencies located under Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference. Item 1A. Risk Factors In our report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2024, we identify under Item 1A important factors which could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q. See the section entitled Forward-Looking Statements located on page 46 of this Form 10-Q. We may also refer to such disclosure to identify factors that may cause results to differ from those expressed in other forward-looking statements made in oral presentations, including telephone conferences and/or webcasts open to the public. The discussion below provides updates and additions to the risk factors and should be read together with the full list of risk factors set forth in the Form 10-K. Our increasing reliance on artificial intelligence (AI) technologies in our products, services, and operations presents several risks that could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are increasingly incorporating AI capabilities into the development of technologies and our business operations, and into our products and services. AI technology is complex and rapidly evolving, and may subject us to significant competitive, legal, regulatory, operational and other risks, including the following: Operational and Technical Risks : AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving. Flaws in AI algorithms, training methodologies, or datasets may lead to unintended consequences, such as operational disruptions, erroneous decision-making, or data loss. These issues could impair the effectiveness of our AI systems and result in significant operational challenges. Additionally, software we purchase or lease from third-party vendors could become inoperable (via attack from a bad actor, network failure, code error, etc.), such that it adversely impacts Ecolab s ability to deliver products or services to Ecolab s customers, resulting in financial losses, legal liabilities, and damages to our reputation. Legal and Regulatory Risks : The legal and regulatory landscape for AI is still developing and varies across jurisdictions. Compliance with evolving AI regulations may impose significant costs, limit our ability to incorporate AI capabilities, and expose us to legal liabilities. Additionally, new regulations could conflict with our current AI practices, requiring costly changes to our development and deployment strategies. Reputational Risks : The use of AI raises social and ethical concerns, which could harm our reputation if not managed responsibly. Incidents related to AI, such as biased outcomes or privacy breaches, could lead to negative publicity and reduce public trust in our AI solutions. Competitive Risks : Our competitors may develop and implement AI technologies more effectively, gaining a competitive advantage. If we fail to keep pace with advancements in AI, our market position could be weakened, adversely affecting our business performance. Financial Risks : The development, testing, and deployment of AI systems are resource-intensive and may increase our operational costs. There is no assurance that our investments in AI will yield the anticipated benefits or that customers will adopt our AI-enhanced offerings, potentially impacting our financial results. Cybersecurity Risks : AI systems can be vulnerable to cybersecurity threats, such as data breaches and unauthorized access. These threats could result in financial losses, legal liabilities, and damage to our reputation. We are committed to developing and using AI responsibly, but there can be no guarantee that we will successfully mitigate all associated risks. Any failure in our AI initiatives could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 48 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Number of shares Maximum number of Total purchased as part shares that may number of Average price of publicly yet be purchased shares paid per announced plans under the plans Period purchased (1) share (2) or programs (3) or programs (3) July 1-31, 2024 255 - - 10,720,395 August 1-31, 2024 1,844,484 237.8656 1,839,507 8,880,888 September 1-30, 2024 105,356 242.2245 99,303 8,781,585 Total 1,950,095 238.0700 1,938,810 8,781,585 (1) Includes 11,285 shares reacquired from employees and/or directors as swaps for the cost of stock options, or shares surrendered to satisfy minimum statutory tax obligations under our stock incentive plans. (2) The average price paid per share includes brokerage commissions associated with publicly announced plan purchases plus the value of such other reacquired shares. (3) As announced on February 24, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 20,000,000 common shares. As announced on November 3, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 10,000,000 shares. Subject to market conditions, we expect to repurchase all shares under these authorizations, for which no expiration date has been established, in open market or privately negotiated transactions, including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 and accelerated share repurchase program. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information Rule 10b5-1 Plan Adoptions and Modifications o e. 

 49 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Document Method of Filing (a) The following documents are filed as exhibits to this report: (15.1) Letter regarding unaudited interim financial information. Filed herewith electronically. (31.1) Rule 13a - 14(a) CEO Certification. Filed herewith electronically. (31.2) Rule 13a - 14(a) CFO Certification. Filed herewith electronically. (32.1) Section 1350 CEO and CFO Certifications . Filed herewith electronically. (101.INS) Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Filed herewith electronically. (101.SCH) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. Filed herewith electronically. (101.CAL) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. Filed herewith electronically. (101.DEF) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. Filed herewith electronically. (101.LAB) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. Filed herewith electronically. (101.PRE) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. Filed herewith electronically. (104) Cover Page Interactive Data File. Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 

 50 

SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ECOLAB INC. Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Jennifer J. Bradway Jennifer J. Bradway Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller (duly authorized officer and Chief Accounting Officer) 

 51 

<EX-15.1>
 2
 ecl-20240930xex15d1.htm
 EX-15.1

Exhibit (15.1) October 31, 2024 Securities and Exchange Commission 100 F Street, N.E. Washington, DC 20549 Commissioners: We are aware that our report dated October 31, 2024 on our review of interim financial statements of Ecolab Inc., which appears in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-275302) and Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 2 90702; 33 18202; 33 55986; 33-56101; 33-34000; 33-56151; 33-60266; 333-95043; 333-109890; 333-18627; 333-109891; 333-95041; 333-40239; 333-95037; 333-50969; 333-58360; 333-97927; 333-115567; 333-129427; 333-129428; 333-140988; 333-115568; 333-132139; 333-147148; 333-163837; 333-165130; 333-165132; 333-166646; 333-174028; 333-178300; 333-178302; 333-190317; 333-199730; 333-199732; 333-226534; 333-250090; 333-271653; 333-271654 and 333-281207) of Ecolab Inc. 

Very truly yours, /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Minneapolis, Minnesota 

</EX-15.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ecl-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit (31.1) CERTIFICATION I, Christophe Beck, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Ecolab Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 31, 2024 /s/ Christophe Beck Christophe Beck Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ecl-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit (31.2) CERTIFICATION I, Scott D. Kirkland, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Ecolab Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 31, 2024 /s/ Scott D. Kirkland Scott D. Kirkland Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ecl-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit (32.1) Section 1350 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, each of the undersigned officers of Ecolab Inc. does hereby certify that: (a) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ecolab Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (b) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Ecolab Inc. 

Dated: October 31, 2024 /s/ Christophe Beck Christophe Beck Chief Executive Officer Dated: October 31, 2024 /s/ Scott D. Kirkland Scott D. Kirkland Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ecl-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ecl-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ecl-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ecl-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

