<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1327978_0001558370-24-015285.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22103426</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1212153</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2366995</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9643532</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2706981</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5459591</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-015285.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112153458
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-015285
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001327978
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				300309068
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52596
		FILM NUMBER:		241447450

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE TABOR CENTER
		STREET 2:		1200 SEVENTEENTH STREET, SUITE 2900
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(303)228-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE TABOR CENTER
		STREET 2:		1200 SEVENTEENTH STREET, SUITE 2900
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dividend Capital Diversified Property Fund Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120712

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dividend Capital Total Realty Trust Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050520

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-015285.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 are-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended Or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from to . Commission File No. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Under the registrant's charter, shares of the registrant's Class S common stock are separated into a series called Class S-R and another series called Class S-PR; shares of the registrant's Class D common stock are separated into a series called Class D-R and another series called Class D-PR; shares of the registrant's Class I common stock are separated into a series called Class I-R and another series called Class I-PR. In order to mirror common industry terminology, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q the registrant refers to these separate series of common stock as different classes . As of November 6, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s Class T-R common stock, shares of the registrant s Class S-R common stock, shares of the registrant s Class D-R common stock, shares of the registrant s Class I-R common stock, shares of the registrant s Class E common stock, shares of the registrant s Class S-PR common stock and shares of the registrant s Class I-PR common stock outstanding. 

Table of contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements: Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 8 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 35 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 57 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 58 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1A. Risk Factors 58 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 58 Item 5. Other Information 61 Item 6. Exhibits 62 

 2 

Table of contents 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of (in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Net investment in real estate properties Investments in real estate debt and securities (includes and at fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships (includes and at fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash DST Program Loans (includes and at fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Debt, net Intangible lease liabilities, net Financing obligations, net (includes and at fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Distribution fees payable to affiliates Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Redeemable noncontrolling interests Equity Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value per share shares authorized, issued and outstanding Common stock, par value per share (Note 8) Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 3 

Table of contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental revenues Debt-related income Total revenues Operating expenses: Rental expenses Real estate-related depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Advisory fees Acquisition costs and reimbursements Valuation allowance on debt-related investment Total operating expenses Other income (expenses): Income (loss) from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Gain on sale of real estate property Unrealized gain (loss) on DST Program Loans ) Unrealized gain on financing obligations Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt and financing obligations, net ) (Loss) gain on derivative instruments ) Provision for current expected credit losses ) Other income and expenses Total other income (expenses) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) before income tax expense ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Net loss attributable to common stockholders per common share basic and diluted See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 4 

Table of contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Change from cash flow hedging activities ) ) Change from activities related to available-for-sale debt securities ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 5 

Table of contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Unaudited) 

Stockholders Equity Accumulated Additional Distributions Other Common Stock Paid-in in Excess of Comprehensive Noncontrolling Total (in thousands) Shares Amount Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Interests Equity FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) Net loss (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Change from securities and cash flow hedging activities (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation Upfront offering costs, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and offering costs ) ) Trailing distribution fees Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) Distributions declared (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests Redemptions of noncontrolling interests ) ) Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) Net loss (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Change from securities and cash flow hedging activities (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation Upfront offering costs, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and offering costs ) ) Trailing distribution fees ) ) Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuances of OP Units for DST Interests Distributions declared (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Redemptions of noncontrolling interests (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 6 

Table of contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Unaudited) 

Stockholders Equity Accumulated Additional Distributions Other Common Stock Paid-in in Excess of Comprehensive Noncontrolling Total (in thousands) Shares Amount Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Interests Equity FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) Net loss (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Change from cash flow hedging activities (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation Upfront offering costs, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and offering costs ) ) Trailing distribution fees ) ) Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuances of OP Units for DST Interests Other noncontrolling interests net distributions ) ) Distributions declared (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests Redemptions of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) Net loss (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Change from securities and cash flow hedging activities (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation Upfront offering costs, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and offering costs ) ) Trailing distribution fees ) ) Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuances of OP Units for DST Interests Other noncontrolling interests net contributions Distributions declared (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests Redemptions of noncontrolling interests (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests) ) ) Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 7 

Table of contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Real estate-related depreciation and amortization Straight-line rent and amortization of above- and below-market leases ) ) Gain on sale of real estate property ) ) Unrealized loss on DST Program Loans Valuation allowance on debt-related investment (Income) loss from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships ) (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt and financing obligations, net ) Provision for current expected credit losses ) Amortization of deferred financing costs (Decrease) increase in financing obligation liability appreciation ) Unrealized gain on financing obligations ) Unrealized loss on derivative instruments not designated as cash flow hedges Paid-in-kind interest on investments in real estate debt and securities ) ) Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships Amortization of interest rate cap premiums Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Other assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities Cash settlement of accrued performance participation allocation ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Real estate acquisitions ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from disposition of real estate property Investments in debt-related investments ) ) Principal collections on debt-related investments Investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships ) ) Investments in available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Principal collections on available-for-sale debt securities Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from mortgage notes Repayments of mortgage notes ) ) Proceeds from line of credit Repayments of line of credit ) ) Redemptions of common stock ) ) Distributions paid to common stockholders, redeemable noncontrolling interest holders and noncontrolling interest holders ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from financing obligations, net Offering costs for issuance of common stock and private placements ) ) Cash payout of DST Interests ) Redemption of noncontrolling interests ) ) Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Debt issuance costs paid ) ) Interest rate cap premiums ) Other Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at end of period See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 8 

Table of contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

 9 

Table of contents 
 million and million, respectively, of income tax expense on our condensed consolidated statements of operations related to the activities of our taxable REIT subsidiary associated with our DST Program (as defined below). Foreign Currency The U.S. dollar is the functional and reporting currency of the Company. All foreign currency asset and liability amounts are monetary assets and liabilities and therefore are remeasured into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the end of each period. We have executed borrowings in the same foreign currency as our foreign investments to protect against the foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in transactions denominated in foreign currencies. As our foreign currency asset and liability amounts are associated with a foreign currency denominated investment in unconsolidated joint venture partnership, we have included all foreign currency unrealized gains and losses within income from investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Recently Issued Accounting Standards In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes, which provides improvements to income tax disclosures by enhancing the transparency around rate reconciliation and income taxes paid by jurisdiction. The standard will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of the new standard will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. In November 2024, FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, which intends to improve the disclosures about a public business entity s expenses and address requests from investors for more detailed information about the types of expenses (including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, intangible asset amortization, and depletion) included in expense captions on the statements of operations. ASU No. 2024-03 is effective on a prospective basis, with the option for retrospective application, for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing this guidance and determining the impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 10 

Table of contents 
 Buildings and improvements Intangible lease assets Right of use asset Investment in real estate properties Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net investment in real estate properties 

 (1) Includes parcel of land with an accounting basis of million that has met the criteria of held for sale as of September 30, 2024. 
 Acquisitions of the following properties through asset acquisitions: 

(in thousands) Property Type Acquisition Date Total Purchase Price (1) 2024 Acquisitions: Metro North IC Industrial 5/8/2024 CERU Boca Raton Residential 5/15/2024 Sugar Land CC Industrial 6/28/2024 Metro Storage Sharon Hill Other 7/31/2024 Metro Storage Newtown Square Other 7/31/2024 Metro Storage Trevose Other 7/31/2024 Metro Storage Sarasota Other 7/31/2024 Metro Storage Fort Myers Other 7/31/2024 Metro Storage Pinellas Park Other 7/31/2024 Total 2024 acquisitions 

 (1) Total purchase price is equal to the total consideration paid plus any debt assumed at fair value. There was debt assumed in connection with the 2024 acquisitions. 
 Building and improvements Intangible lease assets Above-market lease assets Below-market lease liabilities ) Total purchase price (1) 

 (1) Total purchase price is equal to the total consideration paid plus any debt assumed at fair value. There was debt assumed in connection with the 2024 acquisitions. The weighted-average amortization period for the intangible lease assets and liabilities acquired in connection with our acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as of the respective date of each acquisition, was years. 

 11 

Table of contents 
 partial retail property for net proceeds of approximately million and recorded a net gain on sale of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold partial retail property for net proceeds of approximately million and recorded a net gain on sale of million. Intangible Lease Assets and Liabilities ) ) Above-market lease assets (1) ) ) Below-market lease liabilities ) ) ) ) 

 (1) Included in net investment in real estate properties on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Rental Revenue Adjustments and Depreciation and Amortization Expense Above-market lease amortization ) ) ) ) Below-market lease amortization Real estate-related depreciation and amortization: Depreciation expense Intangible lease asset amortization 

 12 

Table of contents 
 Net Lease joint venture partnerships Data Center joint venture partnerships - Real Estate Debt joint venture partnerships (1) Total investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, carried at cost Investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, carried at fair value: Industrial joint venture partnerships (1) N/A Total investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, carried at fair value Total 

 (1) Includes joint venture partnerships that invest in assets and properties in Europe. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had unfunded commitments of million, in aggregate, related to our investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships. ) ) Total income (loss) from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, carried at cost ) ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, carried at fair value: Gain on investment Foreign currency gain on investment Total income from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, carried at fair value Other foreign currency gain (loss): Foreign currency loss on debt held in foreign currencies ) ) Foreign currency gain on remeasurement of cash and cash equivalents Total other foreign currency gain (loss) ) ) Total ) ) 

 13 

Table of contents 
 Senior loans, carried at fair value Mezzanine loans, carried at cost Total debt-related investments As of December 31, 2023 Senior loans, carried at cost Mezzanine loans, carried at cost Total debt-related investments 

 (1) The difference between the carrying amount and the outstanding principal amount of our debt-related investments carried at cost consists of unamortized purchase discount, deferred financing costs, loan origination costs, and any recorded credit loss reserves, if applicable. For our debt-related investments carried at fair value, the difference between the carrying amount and the outstanding principal amount is cumulative unrealized gains or losses. (2) As of September 30, 2024, we had senior loan that was in default and on non-accrual status with a carrying value of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized million in debt-related income, of which million was received in cash and million was capitalized to the principal balance. Weighted-average interest rate excludes this senior loan from its calculations as of September 30, 2024. 
 Current Expected Credit Losses As of September 30, 2024, our reserve for current expected credit losses CECL Reserve for our debt-related investment portfolio was million or of our debt-related investment commitment balance of million. As of September 30, 2024, the debt-related investment commitment balance was comprised of million of funded commitments and million of unfunded commitments with associated CECL Reserves of million and million, respectively. Our million loan on non-accrual status is a loan in which repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral and the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, therefore we have adopted the practical expedient to measure the allowance for credit loss based on the fair value of collateral resulting in now allowance for this loan as of September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, our CECL Reserve for our debt-related investment portfolio was million or of our debt-related investment commitment balance of million. As of December 31, 2023, the debt-related investment commitment balance was comprised of million of funded commitments and million of unfunded commitments with associated CECL Reserves of million and million, respectively. Provision for current expected credit losses ) Write-offs Recoveries Ending balance (1) 

 (1) The CECL Reserve related to funded commitments is included in investments in real estate debt and securities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

14 

Table of contents 
 Provision for current expected credit losses ) Write-offs Recoveries Ending balance (1) 

 (1) The CECL Reserve related to unfunded commitments is included in other liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received million of partial principal repayments on mezzanine loan debt-related investment. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we received full repayment of million outstanding principal on a senior loan debt-related investment. Available-for-Sale Debt Securities As of September 30, 2024 we had preferred equity investment, commercial real estate collateralized loan obligations CRE CLO or multiple CRE CLOs and commercial mortgage-backed security CMBS designated as available-for-sale debt securities. As of December 31, 2023, we had preferred equity investment and CRE CLO designated as available-for-sale debt securities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the weighted-average remaining term of our CRE CLOs and CMBS, which is based on the estimated fully extended maturity dates of the underlying loans of the debt security, was years and years, respectively, and the remaining term of our preferred equity investment was years and years, respectively. We had unfunded commitments related to our preferred equity investment as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. There were credit losses associated with our available-for-sale debt securities as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Preferred equity Total debt securities As of December 31, 2023 CRE CLOs Preferred equity Total debt securities 

 (1) Includes unamortized loan origination fees received on debt securities. (2) Represents cumulative unrealized gain beginning from acquisition date. 

 15 

Table of contents 
 November 2025 Term loan (2) November 2026 Term loan (3) January 2027 Fixed-rate mortgage notes January 2027 - May 2031 Floating-rate mortgage notes (4) October 2024 - October 2026 Total principal amount / weighted-average (5) Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Add: unamortized mark-to-market adjustment on assumed debt Total debt, net Gross book value of properties encumbered by debt 

 (1) The effective interest rate for our borrowings in U.S. dollars, which was million as of September 30, 2024, is calculated based on the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR plus an basis point adjustment Adjusted Term SOFR ), plus a margin ranging from to depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. The effective interest rate for our borrowings in pound sterling, which was million as of September 30, 2024 when converted to U.S. dollars, is calculated based on the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate SONIA plus a basis point adjustment, plus a margin ranging from to depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. As of September 30, 2024, the unused and available portions under the line of credit were approximately million and million, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate is the all-in interest rate, including the effects of interest rate cap agreements relating to million in borrowings under this line of credit. The line of credit is available for general business purposes including, but not limited to, refinancing of existing indebtedness and financing the acquisition of permitted investments, including commercial properties. (2) The effective interest rate is calculated based on Adjusted Term SOFR, plus a margin ranging from to depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. Total commitments for this term loan are million. The weighted-average interest rate is the all-in interest rate, including the effects of interest rate swap agreements relating to million in borrowings under this term loan and interest rate cap agreements relating to million in borrowings under this term loan. (3) The effective interest rate is calculated based on Adjusted Term SOFR, plus a margin ranging from to depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. Total commitments for this term loan are million. The weighted-average interest rate is the all-in interest rate, including the effects of interest rate swap agreements relating to million in borrowings under this term loan and interest rate cap agreements relating to million in borrowings under this term loan. (4) The effective interest rate is calculated based on Adjusted Term SOFR plus a margin ranging from to . The weighted-average interest rate is the all-in interest rate, including the effects of interest rate cap agreements which capped the effective interest rates of our two floating-rate mortgage notes at and , respectively, as of September 30, 2024. (5) The weighted-average remaining term of our consolidated borrowings was years as of September 30, 2024, excluding the impact of certain extension options. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amount of interest incurred related to our consolidated indebtedness, excluding amortization of debt issuance costs, was million and million, respectively, including million and million, respectively, related to the amortization of our interest rate cap premiums. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amount of interest incurred related to our consolidated indebtedness, excluding amortization of debt issuance costs, was million and million, respectively, including million and million, respectively, related to the amortization of our interest rate cap premiums. See Note 6 for the amount of interest incurred related to the DST Program (as defined below). 

 16 

Table of contents 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total principal payments 

 (1) The term of the line of credit may be extended pursuant to extension options, subject to certain conditions. (2) A million mortgage note matures in October 2024 and the term may be extended pursuant to a extension option, subject to certain conditions. In October 2024, we exercised our extension option on this mortgage note and extended the maturity date to October 2025. A million mortgage note matures in January 2027 and may be extended pursuant to extension options, subject to certain conditions. 
 Debt Covenants Our line of credit, term loans and mortgage note agreements contain various property-level covenants, including customary affirmative and negative covenants. In addition, the line of credit and term loan agreements contain certain corporate-level financial covenants, including leverage ratio, fixed charge coverage ratio and tangible net worth thresholds. We were in compliance with our debt covenants as of September 30, 2024. Derivative Instruments To manage interest rate risk for certain of our variable-rate debt, we use interest rate derivative instruments as part of our risk management strategy. These derivatives are designed to mitigate the risk of future interest rate increases by either providing a fixed interest rate or capping the variable interest rate for a limited, pre-determined period of time. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for us making fixed-rate payments over the life of the interest rate swap agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest rate caps involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty at the end of each period in which the interest rate exceeds the agreed fixed price. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the gain or loss is recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOCI on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and is reclassified into earnings as interest expense for the same period that the hedged transaction affects earnings, which is when the interest expense is recognized on the related debt. During the next 12 months, we estimate that million will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense related to active effective hedges of existing floating-rate debt. For derivatives that are not designated and do not qualify as hedges, changes in fair value are recognized through income. As a result, in periods with high interest rate volatility, we may experience significant fluctuations in our net income (loss). 

 17 

Table of contents 
 Interest rate caps designated as cash flow hedges Total derivative instruments As of December 31, 2023 Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges Interest rate caps designated as cash flow hedges Total derivative instruments 

 (1) As of September 30, 2024, notional amount excludes an aggregate million of notional amount for interest rate swap agreements entered into in September 2024 with effective dates in February 2025. These interest rate swap agreements will replace separate interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate million of notional amount that expire in February 2025. As of December 31, 2023, notional amount excludes an aggregate million of notional amount for interest rate cap agreements entered into in November 2023 with effective dates in February 2024. These interest rate cap agreements replaced separate interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate million of notional amount that expired at the end of January 2024. Amount reclassified from AOCI as a decrease into interest expense ) ) ) ) Total interest expense presented in the condensed consolidated statements of operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded Derivative instruments not designated as cash flow hedges: Unrealized loss on derivative instruments recognized in other income (expenses) (1) ) ) Realized gain on derivative instruments recognized in other income (expenses) (2) 

 (1) Unrealized loss on changes in fair value of derivative instruments relates to mark-to-market changes on our derivatives not designated as cash flow hedges. (2) Realized gain on derivative instruments relates to interim settlements for our derivatives not designated as cash flow hedges. 

 18 

Table of contents 
 N/A DST Program Loans, carried at fair value ) Total ) As of December 31, 2023 DST Program Loans, carried at cost N/A DST Program Loans, carried at fair value Total 

 (1) Represents cumulative unrealized gain or loss on DST Program Loans carried at fair value. 
 ) N/A Financing obligations, carried at fair value N/A N/A ) Total ) ) As of December 31, 2023 Financing obligations, carried at cost ) N/A Financing obligations, carried at fair value N/A N/A ) Total ) ) 

 (1) DST Interests sold are presented net of upfront fees. (2) Represents cumulative financing obligation liability appreciation on financing obligations carried at cost. (3) Represents cumulative unrealized gain or loss on financing obligations carried at fair value. 

19 

Table of contents 
 DST Interests financed by DST Program Loans Income earned from DST Program Loans (1) Unrealized gain (loss) on DST Program Loans ) Unrealized gain on financing obligations Gain on extinguishment of financing obligations (2) (Decrease) increase in financing obligation liability appreciation (3) ) ) Rent obligation incurred under master lease agreements (3) 

 (1) Included in other income and expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. (2) Included in gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt and financing obligations, net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and recorded upon extinguishment of our financing obligations in accordance with our Umbrella Partnership Real Estate Investment Trust UPREIT structure. (3) Included in interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 We record DST Interests as financing obligation liabilities for accounting purposes. If we exercise our option to reacquire a DST Property by issuing partnership units OP Units in the Operating Partnership in exchange for DST Interests, we extinguish the related financing obligation liability and DST Program Loans and record the issuance of the OP Units as an issuance of equity. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, million OP Units and million OP Units, respectively, were issued in exchange for DST Interests for a net investment of million and million, respectively, in accordance with our UPREIT structure. In addition, we paid million in cash in exchange for DST Interests during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was cash paid in exchange for DST Interests during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to Note 11 for detail relating to the fees paid to the Advisor and its affiliates for raising capital through the DST Program. 

 20 

Table of contents 
 Investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships Debt-related investments Available-for-sale debt securities DST Program Loans Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Financing obligations Total liabilities measured at fair value As of December 31, 2023 Assets: Derivative instruments Available-for-sale debt securities DST Program Loans Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Financing obligations Total liabilities measured at fair value The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial assets and liabilities: Derivative Instruments. The derivative instruments are interest rate swaps and interest rate caps whose fair value is estimated using market-standard valuation models. Such models involve using market-based observable inputs, including interest rate curves. We incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both our nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements, which we have concluded are not material to the valuation. Due to these derivative instruments being unique and not actively traded, the fair value is classified as Level 2. See Note 5 above for further discussion of our derivative instruments. Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Venture Partnerships. We have elected the fair value option on certain investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships. We separately value the real estate assets held by the unconsolidated joint venture partnerships to arrive at a fair value for our investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships. The fair value of real estate assets held by the unconsolidated joint venture partnerships is estimated using a direct capitalization methodology that is based on applying a capitalization rate to the estimated rental income to be generated by the real estate assets of the unconsolidated joint venture partnerships. The capitalization rate used in estimating the fair value of these investments is considered Level 3. 

 21 

Table of contents 
 Purchases and contributions Paid-in-kind interest Distributions received ) ) Gain (loss) on financial assets ) Foreign currency loss on investment Amortization of loan origination fees (1) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

 (1) Included in debt-related income on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 DST Interests sold, net of upfront fees Unrealized gain on financing obligations ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

 22 

Table of contents 
 Direct Capitalization Capitalization Rate Decrease Debt-related investments Yield Method Market Yield Decrease Available-for-sale debt securities (1) Yield Method Market Yield Decrease DST Program Loans Yield Method Market Yield Decrease Liabilities: Financing obligations Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Exit Capitalization Rate Decrease Decrease 

 (1) As of September 30, 2024, the market yield used in determining the fair value of our available-for sale debt security was . 
 The following table presents the quantitative inputs and assumptions used for items categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2023: 

Valuation Unobservable Impact to Valuation from (in thousands) Fair Value Technique Inputs an Increase to Input Assets: Available-for-sale debt securities (1) Yield Method Market Yield Decrease DST Program Loans Yield Method Market Yield Decrease Liabilities: Financing obligations Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Exit Capitalization Rate Decrease Decrease 

 (1) As of December 31, 2023, the market yield used in determining the fair value of our available-for sale debt security was . 

23 

Table of contents 
 Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, tenant receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses and distribution fees payable approximate their carrying values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. DST Program Loans (2) 3 Liabilities: Line of credit 3 Term loans 3 Mortgage notes 3 

 (1) The carrying value reflects the principal amount outstanding. (2) Only includes instruments for which we have not elected the fair value option and do not record at fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 The initial value of debt-related investments will generally be determined using the acquisition price of such investment if acquired, or the par value of such investment if originated. Following the initial measurement, fair value is estimated by utilizing or reviewing certain of the following: (i) market yield data, (ii) discounted cash flow modeling, (iii) collateral asset performance, (iv) local or macro real estate performance, (v) capital market conditions, (vi) debt yield, debt-service coverage and/or loan-to-value ratios, and (vii) borrower financial condition and performance. The estimate of fair value of DST Program Loans, line of credit, term loans and mortgage notes takes into consideration various factors including current market rates and conditions and similar agreements with comparable loan-to-value ratios and credit profiles, as applicable. Debt instruments with near-term maturities are generally valued at par. billion of shares of its common stock effective, and the fourth public offering commenced the same day. We ceased selling shares of our common stock under our third public offering of up to billion of shares immediately upon the effectiveness of the registration statement for the fourth public offering. Under the fourth public offering, we offered up to billion of shares of our common stock in the primary offering and are offering up to billion of shares of our common stock pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, in any combination of Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares, Class D-R shares and Class I-R shares. On May 16, 2024, we announced our decision to close the fourth primary public offering effective July 2, 2024. We accepted subscriptions for primary shares in the public offering through the July 1, 2024 purchase date. On August 22, 2024, we amended our registration statement on Form S-11 with respect to our fourth public offering to make it a distribution reinvestment plan only registration statement on Form S-3 pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(ii) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and we expect to continue making monthly distributions and the distribution reinvestment plan DRIP offering, which investors can continue to elect to participate in. On August 2, 2024, we initiated a private offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act (the Private Offering ), which offers Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and Class I-PR shares. 

 24 

Table of contents 
 million from the sale of approximately million shares of our common stock in our securities offerings, including proceeds from our DRIP of approximately million. Common Stock par value per share Class S-R, par value per share Class D-R, par value per share Class I-R, par value per share Class E, par value per share Class S-PR, par value per share Class D-PR, par value per share Class I-PR, par value per share 

 25 

Table of contents 
 Issuance of common stock: Primary shares Distribution reinvestment plan Share-based compensation Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Conversions ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 (1) FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Balance as of June 30, 2024 (1) Issuance of common stock: Primary shares Distribution reinvestment plan Share-based compensation Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Conversions ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 (2) FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 Balance as of December 31, 2022 (1) Issuance of common stock: Primary shares Distribution reinvestment plan Share-based compensation Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Conversions ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 (1) FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Balance as of December 31, 2023 (1) Issuance of common stock: Primary shares Distribution reinvestment plan Share-based compensation Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Conversions ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 (2) 

 (1) There is no data presented for Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and Class I-PR shares as of this date because there were shares of such share classes outstanding. (2) There is no data presented for Class D-PR shares as of this date because there were Class D-PR shares outstanding. 

 26 

Table of contents 
 Distributions June 30 September 30 Total 2023 March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 Total 

 (1) Amount reflects the total gross quarterly distribution rate authorized by our board of directors per Class T-R share, per Class S-R share, per Class D-R share, per Class I-R share, per Class E share, per Class S-PR share, per Class D-PR share and per Class I-PR share of common stock. Distributions were declared and paid as of monthly record dates. These monthly distributions have been aggregated and presented on a quarterly basis. The distributions on Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares of common stock are reduced by the respective distribution fees that are payable with respect to Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares. (2) Consists of distribution fees paid to Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC (the Dealer Manager with respect to OP Units and distributions paid to holders of OP Units and other noncontrolling interest holders. (3) Distribution fees are paid monthly to the Dealer Manager, with respect to Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares and Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares. All or a portion of these amounts will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers. (4) Gross distributions are total distributions before the deduction of any distribution fees relating to Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares. 
 Redemptions and Repurchases Aggregate dollar amount of shares redeemed or repurchased Average redemption or repurchase price per share 

 27 

Table of contents 
 million and million, respectively. Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Redemptions of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Change from securities and cash flow hedging activities attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests (1) ) ) Ending balance 

 (1) Represents the adjustment recorded in order to mark to the redemption value, which is equivalent to fair value, at the end of the measurement period. Issuance of units Redemption of units ) ) Balance at end of period Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, the holders of OP Units may redeem all or a portion of their OP Units for either: shares of the equivalent class of common stock, cash or a combination of both. If we elect to redeem OP Units for shares of our common stock, we will generally deliver share of our common stock for each such OP Unit redeemed (subject to any redemption fees withheld), and such shares may, subsequently, only be redeemed for cash in accordance with the terms of our share redemption program. If we elect to redeem OP Units for cash, the cash delivered per unit will equal the then-current NAV per unit of the applicable class of OP Units (subject to any redemption fees withheld), which will equal the then-current NAV per share of our corresponding class of shares. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the aggregate amount of OP Units redeemed was million and million, respectively. The estimated maximum redemption value of the aggregate outstanding OP Units issued to third-party investors as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 

 28 

Table of contents 
 Ongoing distribution fees (1)(2) Advisory fees fixed component Other fees and expense reimbursements Advisor (3)(4) Other expense reimbursements Dealer Manager Property accounting fee (5) DST Program selling commissions, dealer manager and distribution fees (1) Other DST Program related costs Advisor (4) Total 

 (1) All or a portion of these amounts will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers. (2) The distribution fees are payable monthly in arrears. Additionally, we accrue for future estimated amounts payable related to ongoing distribution fees. The future estimated amounts payable were approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. (3) Other expense reimbursements include certain expenses incurred for organization and offering, acquisition and general administrative services provided to us under the Advisory Agreement, including, but not limited to, certain expenses described below after footnote 5, allocated rent paid to both third parties and affiliates of our Advisor, equipment, utilities, insurance, travel and entertainment. (4) Includes costs reimbursed to the Advisor related to the DST Program. (5) The cost of the property management fee, including the property accounting fee, is generally borne by the tenant or tenants at each real property, either via a direct reimbursement to us or, in the case of tenants subject to a gross lease, as part of the lease cost. In certain circumstances, we may pay for a portion of the property management fee, including the property accounting fee, without reimbursement from the tenant or tenants at a real property. 
 Certain of the expense reimbursements described in the table above include a portion of the compensation expenses of officers and employees of the Advisor or its affiliates related to activities for which the Advisor did not otherwise receive a separate fee. Amounts incurred related to these compensation expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were approximately million and million, respectively. Amounts incurred related to these compensation expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were both approximately million. No reimbursement is made for compensation of our named executive officers unless the named executive officer is providing stockholder services, as outlined in the Advisory Agreement. Performance Participation Allocation The allocation of the performance participation interest is ultimately determined at the end of each calendar year and will be paid in Class I-R OP Units or cash, at the election of the Advisor. The performance hurdle was not achieved as of either September 30, 2024 or 2023, therefore performance participation allocation expense was recognized in our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

 29 

Table of contents) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders diluted ) ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Incremental weighted-average shares effect of conversion of noncontrolling interests Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued future ongoing distribution fees ) Increase in DST Program Loans receivable through DST Program capital raising Issuances of OP Units for DST Interests Restricted Cash Restricted cash consists of lender and property-related escrow accounts. Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash End of period: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

 30 

Table of contents 
 million to fund various investments in real estate debt and securities and investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships. reportable segments are residential properties, industrial properties, retail properties, office properties, other properties and investments in real estate debt and securities. Factors used to determine our reportable segments include the physical and economic characteristics of our properties and/or investments and the related operating activities. Our chief operating decision makers rely on net operating income, among other factors, to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing segment performance. Net operating income is the key performance metric that captures the unique operating characteristics of each segment. Net investment in real estate properties, investments in real estate debt and securities, restricted cash, tenant receivables, straight-line rent receivables and other assets directly assignable to a property or investment are allocated to the segment groupings. Corporate items that are not directly assignable to a property, such as investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships and DST Program Loans, are not allocated to segment groupings, but are reflected as reconciling items. Industrial properties Retail properties Office properties Other properties (1) Investments in real estate debt and securities Corporate Total assets 

 (1) Includes self-storage properties. 

31 

Table of contents) ) ) ) Real estate-related depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Advisory fees Acquisition costs and reimbursements Valuation allowance on debt-related investment (Income) loss from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships ) ) Interest expense Gain on sale of real estate property ) ) ) Unrealized (gain) loss on DST Program Loans ) Unrealized gain on financing obligations ) ) (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt and financing obligations, net ) ) Loss (gain) on derivative instruments ) Provision for current expected credit losses ) ) ) Other income and expenses ) ) ) ) Income tax expense Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net operating income 

 32 

Table of contents 
 Debt-related income Rental expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) Net operating income Real estate-related depreciation and amortization For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Rental revenues Debt-related income Rental expenses ) ) ) ) ) Net operating income Real estate-related depreciation and amortization For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Rental revenues Debt-related income Rental expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) Net operating income Real estate-related depreciation and amortization For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Rental revenues Debt-related income Rental expenses ) ) ) ) ) Net operating income Real estate-related depreciation and amortization We consider net operating income to be an appropriate supplemental performance measure and believe net operating income provides useful information to our investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because net operating income reflects the operating performance of our investments and excludes certain items that are not considered to be controllable in connection with the management of the investments, such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, advisory fees, impairment charges, interest expense, gains on sale of properties, other income and expenses, gains and losses on the extinguishment of debt and noncontrolling interests. However, net operating income should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance since it excludes such items, which could materially impact our results of operations. Further, our net operating income may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies, as they may use different methodologies for calculating net operating income. Therefore, we believe net income, as defined by GAAP, to be the most appropriate measure to evaluate our overall financial performance. 

 33 

Table of contents 
 million. The secured loan agreement bears a floating interest rate based on the sum of (i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate for a one-month period Term SOFR and (ii) a spread at a blended rate of , requires interest-only monthly payments for the term of the loan and has a contractual maturity of October 9, 2026 which may be extended for successive terms of each upon satisfaction of certain terms and conditions in each case as detailed in the loan agreement. In connection with the closing, we also entered into an interest rate cap agreement with a Term SOFR strike rate equal to . Dispositions Subsequent to September 30, 2024, we sold parcel of land and industrial property for an aggregate contractual sale price of million. Our accounting basis (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization) for these properties as of the closing dates was approximately million. Issuance of OP Units On November 1, 2024, million OP Units were issued in exchange for DST Interests for a net investment of million in accordance with our UPREIT structure. The net carrying value of the related financing obligation liability and DST Program Loans was million as of the date the OP Units were issued. 

 34 

Table of contents 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS References to the terms we, our or us refer to Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The following discussion and analysis should be read together with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements relate to, without limitation, our future capital expenditures, distributions, acquisitions and dispositions (including the amount and nature thereof), other developments and trends of the real estate industry, business strategies and the expansion and growth of our operations. These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of the words may, will, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, project, continue, or the negative of these words, or other similar words or terms. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: the impact of macroeconomic trends, such as the unemployment rate, availability of credit, impact of inflation, changes in interest rates, and the conflicts in Ukraine and in the Middle East, which may have a negative effect on the following, among other things: the fundamentals of our business, including overall market occupancy, space utilization for our tenants, who we refer to as customers from time-to-time herein, and rental rates; the financial condition of our customers, some of which are retail, financial, legal and other professional firms, our lenders, and institutions that hold our cash balances and short-term investments, which may expose us to increased risks of breach or default by these parties; customers ability to pay rent on their leases or our ability to re-lease space that is or becomes vacant; and the value of our real estate assets, which may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or obtain or maintain debt financing secured by our properties or on an unsecured basis; general risks affecting the real estate industry (including, without limitation, the inability to enter into or renew leases, dependence on customers financial condition and competition from other developers, owners and operators of real estate); our ability to effectively raise and deploy proceeds from our ongoing securities offerings; risks associated with the demand for liquidity under our share redemption program and our ability to meet such demand; risks associated with the availability and terms of debt and equity financing and the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, including the risk associated with interest rates impacting the cost and/or availability of financing; the business opportunities that may be presented to and pursued by us, changes in laws or regulations (including changes to laws governing the taxation of real estate investment trusts REITs )); conflicts of interest arising out of our relationships with Ares real estate (the Sponsor ), the Advisor and their affiliates; changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines applicable to REITs; environmental, regulatory and/or safety requirements; and the availability and cost of comprehensive insurance, including coverage for terrorist acts. 
 For further discussion of these and other factors, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of future events, new information or otherwise. 

 35 

Table of contents 
 OVERVIEW General Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. is a NAV-based perpetual life REIT that was formed on April 11, 2005, as a Maryland corporation. We are primarily focused on investing in and operating a diverse portfolio of real property. As of September 30, 2024, our consolidated real property portfolio consisted of 108 properties, totaling approximately 21.1 million square feet located in 33 markets throughout the U.S. We also owned, either directly through our unconsolidated joint venture partnerships or indirectly through other entities owned by our unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, one residential property, seven industrial properties, 160 net lease properties, 11 data center investments and four debt-related investments as of September 30, 2024. Unless otherwise noted, these unconsolidated properties and investments are excluded from the presentation of our portfolio data herein. We have operated and elected to be treated as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2006, and we intend to continue to operate in accordance with the requirements for qualification as a REIT. We utilize an UPREIT organizational structure to hold all or substantially all of our assets through the Operating Partnership. We intend to offer shares of our common stock on a continuous basis. We also intend to conduct an ongoing distribution reinvestment plan offering for our stockholders to reinvest distributions in our shares. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we raised gross proceeds of approximately 46.4 million from the sale of approximately 5.9 million shares of our common stock in our securities offerings, including proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan of approximately 24.3 million. See Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our securities offerings. Additionally, we have a program to raise capital through private placement offerings by selling DST Interests. These private placement offerings are exempt from registration requirements pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. We anticipate that these interests may serve as replacement properties for investors seeking to complete like-kind exchange transactions under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Similar to our prior private placement offerings, the DST Program has provided the opportunity to expand and diversify our capital raise strategies by offering what we believe to be an attractive and unique investment product for investors that may be seeking replacement properties to complete like-kind exchange transactions under Section 1031 of the Code. We also offer DST Program Loans to finance no more than 50 of the purchase price of the DST Interests to certain purchasers of the DST Interests. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 568.2 million of gross interests related to the DST Program, 46.6 million of which were financed by DST Program Loans. See Note 6 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail regarding the DST Program. We currently group our real property portfolio into five categories: residential, industrial, retail, office and other. The following table summarizes our real property portfolio by category as of September 30, 2024: 

Average of Total Effective Annual of and square feet in thousands, Number of Number of Rentable Rentable Base Rent per Aggregate Aggregate except for per square foot data) Markets (1) Real Properties Square Feet Square Feet Square Foot (2) Leased Fair Value Fair Value Residential properties 9 19 5,119 24.2 29.18 91.4 1,936,450 38.3 Industrial properties 29 56 11,668 55.2 7.31 96.6 1,820,750 36.0 Retail properties 8 18 2,294 10.8 20.06 96.7 685,650 13.5 Office properties 6 7 1,393 6.6 37.95 79.3 462,500 9.1 Other properties 4 8 668 3.2 19.49 84.9 158,550 3.1 Total real property portfolio 33 108 21,142 100.0 15.94 93.8 5,063,900 100.0 

 (1) Reflects the number of unique markets by category and in total. As such, the total number of markets does not equal the sum of the number of markets by category as certain categories are located in the same market. (2) Amount calculated as total annualized base rent, which includes the impact of any contractual tenant concessions (cash basis) per the terms of the lease, divided by total lease square footage as of September 30, 2024. 

36 

Table of contents 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had seven floating-rate debt-related investments with a weighted-average interest rate of 9.5 and a weighted-average remaining life of 1.1 years. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate outstanding principal was 313.4 million, the aggregate carrying amount was 312.3 million and total aggregate commitments were up to 357.2 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had three available-for-sale debt securities, which were comprised of one CRE CLO, one CMBS and one preferred equity investment. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate fair value of these investments was 134.0 million. We currently focus our investment activities primarily across the major U.S. property sectors (residential (which includes and/or may include multi-family and other types of rental housing such as manufactured, student and single-family rental housing), industrial, retail and office (which includes and/or may include medical office and life science laboratories)), self-storage properties and investments in real estate debt and securities. To a lesser extent, we strategically invest in and/or intend to invest in geographies outside of the U.S., which may include Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Europe and other foreign jurisdictions, and in other sectors such as triple net lease, properties in sectors adjacent to our primary investment sectors and/or infrastructure, to create a diversified blend of current income and long-term value appreciation. Our near-term investment strategy is likely to prioritize new investments in the residential, industrial and self-storage sectors due to relatively attractive fundamental conditions. We also intend to continue to hold an allocation of properties in the retail and office sectors, the former of which is largely grocery-anchored. Net Asset Value Our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, has adopted valuation procedures, as amended from time to time, that contain a comprehensive set of methodologies to be used in connection with the calculation of our NAV. With the approval of our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, we have engaged Altus Group U.S. Inc., a third-party valuation firm, to serve as our independent valuation advisor Altus Group or the Independent Valuation Advisor with respect to helping us administer the valuation and review process for the real properties in our portfolio, providing monthly real property appraisals and valuations for certain of our debt-related assets, reviewing annual third-party real property appraisals, reviewing the internal valuations of DST Program Loans and debt-related liabilities performed by our Advisor, providing quarterly valuations of our properties subject to master lease obligations associated with the DST Program, and assisting in the development and review of our valuation procedures. See Exhibit 4.5 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a more detailed description of our valuation procedures, including important disclosure regarding real property valuations provided by the Independent Valuation Advisor. Our valuation procedures, which address specifically each category of our assets and liabilities and are applied separately from the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, involve adjustments from historical cost. There are certain factors which cause NAV to be different from total equity or stockholders equity on a GAAP basis. Most significantly, the valuation of our real assets, which is the largest component of our NAV calculation, is provided to us by the Independent Valuation Advisor. For GAAP purposes, these assets are generally recorded at depreciated or amortized cost. Another example that will cause our NAV to differ from our GAAP total equity or stockholders equity is the straight-lining of rent, which results in a receivable for GAAP purposes that is not included in the determination of our NAV. The fair values of our assets and certain liabilities are determined using widely accepted methodologies and, as appropriate, the GAAP principles within the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification under Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures and are used by ALPS in calculating our NAV per share. However, our valuation procedures and our NAV are not subject to GAAP and will not be subject to independent audit. We did not develop our valuation procedures with the intention of complying with fair value concepts under GAAP and, therefore, there could be differences between our fair values and the fair values derived from the principal market or most advantageous market concepts of establishing fair value under GAAP. The aggregate real property valuation of 5.06 billion compares to a GAAP basis of real properties (net of intangible lease liabilities and before accumulated amortization and depreciation) of 4.86 billion, representing a difference of approximately 207.0 million, or 4.3 . As used below, Fund Interests means our outstanding shares of common stock, along with OP Units, which may be or were held directly or indirectly by the Advisor, the Former Sponsor, members or affiliates of the Former Sponsor, and third parties, and Aggregate Fund NAV means the NAV of all the Fund Interests. 

 37 

Table of contents 
 The following table sets forth the components of Aggregate Fund NAV as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

As of (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Investments in residential properties 1,936,450 1,824,950 Investments in industrial properties 1,820,750 1,690,300 Investments in retail properties 685,650 683,800 Investments in office properties 462,500 560,650 Investments in other properties (1) 158,550 54,950 Total investment in real estate properties 5,063,900 4,814,650 Investments in real estate debt and securities 447,858 373,448 Investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships 272,168 178,058 DST Program Loans 124,711 115,050 Total investments 5,908,637 5,481,206 Cash and cash equivalents 21,020 15,052 Restricted cash 7,176 4,614 Other assets 64,232 72,827 Line of credit, term loans and mortgage notes (2,176,697) (1,978,158) Financing obligations associated with our DST Program (1,334,129) (1,277,307) Other liabilities (117,860) (82,465) Accrued performance participation allocation Accrued advisory fees (3,474) (3,281) Noncontrolling interests in consolidated joint venture partnerships (7,126) (7,175) Aggregate Fund NAV 2,361,779 2,225,313 Total Fund Interests outstanding 315,086 277,408 

 (1) Includes self-storage properties. 
 The following table sets forth the NAV per Fund Interest as of September 30, 2024: 

(in thousands, except per Fund Interest data) Total Class T-R Shares Class S-R Shares Class D-R Shares Class I-R Shares Class E Shares Class S-PR Shares Class D-PR Shares Class I-PR Shares OP Units Monthly NAV 2,361,779 208,179 336,999 47,501 447,631 332,287 1,797 147 987,238 Fund Interests outstanding 315,086 27,773 44,959 6,337 59,718 44,331 240 20 131,708 NAV Per Fund Interest 7.4957 7.4957 7.4957 7.4957 7.4957 7.4957 7.4957 7.4957 7.4957 Under GAAP, we record liabilities for ongoing distribution fees that (i) we currently owe the Dealer Manager under the terms of our dealer manager agreement and (ii) we estimate we may pay to the Dealer Manager in future periods for the Fund Interests. As of September 30, 2024, we estimated approximately 67.1 million of ongoing distribution fees were potentially payable to the Dealer Manager. We do not deduct the liability for estimated future distribution fees in our calculation of NAV since we intend for our NAV to reflect our estimated value on the date that we determine our NAV. Accordingly, our estimated NAV at any given time does not include consideration of any estimated future distribution fees that may become payable after such date. Financing obligations associated with our DST Program, as reflected in our NAV table above, represent outstanding proceeds raised from our private placements under the DST Program due to the fact that we have an option (which may or may not be exercised) to purchase the interests in the DSTs and thereby acquire the real property owned by the trusts. We may acquire these properties using OP Units, cash, or a combination of both. See Note 6 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details regarding our DST Program. We may use proceeds raised from our DST Program for the repayment of debt, acquisition of properties and other investments, distributions to our stockholders, payments under our debt obligations and master lease agreements related to properties in our DST Program, redemption payments, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. We pay our Advisor an annual, fixed component of our advisory fee of 1.10 of the consideration received for selling interests in DST Properties to third-party investors, net of upfront fees and expense reimbursements payable out of gross proceeds from the sale of such interests and DST Interests financed through DST Program Loans. 

 38 

Table of contents 
 We include no discounts to our NAV for the illiquid nature of our shares, including the limitations on our stockholders ability to redeem shares under our share redemption program and our ability to make exceptions to, modify or suspend our share redemption program at any time. Our NAV generally does not reflect the potential impact of exit costs (e.g. selling costs and commissions related to the sale of a property) that would likely be incurred if our assets and liabilities were liquidated or sold today. While we may use market pricing concepts to value individual components of our NAV, our per share NAV is not derived from the market pricing information of open-end real estate funds listed on stock exchanges. Our NAV is not a representation, warranty or guarantee that: (i) we would fully realize our NAV upon a sale of our assets; (ii) shares of our common stock would trade at our per share NAV on a national securities exchange; and (iii) a stockholder would be able to realize the per share NAV if such stockholder attempted to sell his or her shares to a third party. The valuations of our real properties as of September 30, 2024, excluding certain newly acquired properties that are currently held at cost which we believe reflects the fair value of such properties, were provided by the Independent Valuation Advisor in accordance with our valuation procedures. Certain key assumptions that were used by the Independent Valuation Advisor in the discounted cash flow analysis are set forth in the following table based on weighted-averages by property type. 

Weighted- Residential Industrial Retail Office Other Average Basis Exit capitalization rate 5.3 5.8 6.5 7.2 5.7 5.8 Discount rate / internal rate of return 7.0 7.4 7.3 8.6 7.7 7.4 Average holding period (years) 10.0 10.0 10.0 10.0 10.0 10.0 A change in the exit capitalization and discount rates used would impact the calculation of the value of our real property. For example, assuming all other factors remain constant, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on the value of our real properties, excluding certain newly acquired properties that are currently held at cost which we believe reflects the fair value of such properties: 

Hypothetical Weighted- Input Change Residential Industrial Retail Office Other Average Values Exit capitalization rate (weighted-average) 0.25 decrease 3.1 3.0 2.3 2.5 2.8 2.9 0.25 increase (2.8) (2.8) (2.2) (2.4) (2.5) (2.7) Discount rate (weighted-average) 0.25 decrease 2.0 2.0 1.9 2.0 1.9 2.0 0.25 increase (1.9) (2.0) (1.8) (2.0) (1.9) (1.9) From September 30, 2017 through November 30, 2019, we valued our debt-related investments and real estate-related liabilities generally in accordance with fair value standards under GAAP. Beginning with our valuation for December 31, 2019, our property-level mortgages, corporate-level credit facilities and other secured and unsecured debt that are intended to be held to maturity (which for fixed rate debt not subject to interest rate hedges may be the date near maturity at which time the debt will be eligible for prepayment at par for purposes herein), including those subject to interest rate hedges, were valued at par (i.e. at their respective outstanding balances). In addition, because we utilize interest rate hedges to stabilize interest payments (i.e. to fix all-in interest rates through interest rate swaps or to limit interest rate exposure through interest rate caps) on individual loans, each loan and associated interest rate hedge is treated as one financial instrument which is valued at par if intended to be held to maturity. This policy of valuing at par applies regardless of whether any given interest rate hedge is considered as an asset or liability for GAAP purposes. Notwithstanding, if we acquire an investment and assume associated in-place debt from the seller that is above-or below-market, then consistent with how we recognize assumed debt for GAAP purposes when acquiring an asset with pre-existing debt in place, the liabilities used in the determination of our NAV will include the market value of such debt based on market value as of the closing date. The associated premium or discount on such debt as of closing that is reflected in our liabilities will then be amortized through loan maturity. Per our valuation policy, the corresponding investment is valued on an unlevered basis for purposes of determining NAV. Accordingly, all else equal, we would not recognize an immediate gain or loss to our NAV upon acquisition of an investment whereby we assume associated pre-existing debt that is above- or below-market. As of September 30, 2024, we classified all of our debt as intended to be held to maturity, and our liabilities included mark-to-market adjustments for pre-existing debt that we assumed upon acquisition. We currently estimate the fair value of our debt (inclusive of associated interest rate hedges) that was intended to be held to maturity as of September 30, 2024 was 24.5 million lower than the carrying value used for purposes of calculating our NAV (as described above) for such debt in aggregate; meaning that if we used the fair value of our debt rather than the carrying value used for purposes of calculating our NAV (and treated the associated hedge as part of the same financial instrument), our NAV would have been higher by approximately 24.5 million, or 0.07 per share, not taking into account all of the other items that impact our monthly NAV, as of September 30, 2024. 

 39 

Table of contents 
 Reconciliation of Stockholders Equity and Noncontrolling Interests to NAV The following table reconciles stockholders equity and noncontrolling interests per our condensed consolidated balance sheet to our NAV as of September 30, 2024: 

(in thousands) As of September 30, 2024 Total stockholders' equity 734,159 Noncontrolling interests 523,772 Total equity under GAAP 1,257,931 Adjustments: Accrued distribution fee (1) 67,087 Redeemable noncontrolling interests (2) 9,289 Unrealized net appreciation (depreciation) on real estate and financial assets and liabilities (3) 277,286 Unrealized gain (loss) on investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships (4) 40,239 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (5) 745,346 Other adjustments (6) (35,399) Aggregate Fund NAV 2,361,779 

 (1) Accrued distribution fee represents the accrual for the full cost of the distribution fee for Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and OP Units. Under GAAP, we accrued the full cost of the distribution fee payable over the life of each share (assuming such share remains outstanding the length of time required to pay the maximum distribution fee) as an offering cost at the time we sold the Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and OP Units. Similarly, we accrued a liability for future distribution fees we expect will be paid based on our estimate of how long the Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and OP Units will be outstanding, also as an offering cost. For purposes of calculating the NAV, we recognize the distribution fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis when such fee is paid and do not deduct the liability for estimated future distribution fees that may become payable after the date as of which our NAV is calculated. (2) Redeemable noncontrolling interests are related to our OP Units, and are included in our determination of NAV but not included in total equity under GAAP. (3) Our investments in real estate and certain of our financial assets and liabilities, including our debt, certain of our financing obligations, certain of our DST Program Loans, and certain of our investments in real estate debt and securities, are presented at their carrying value in our condensed consolidated financial statements. As such, any increases or decreases in the fair market value of our investments in real estate and certain of our financial assets and liabilities are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of determining our NAV, our investments in real estate, investments in real estate debt and securities, financing obligations, and DST Program Loans are recorded at fair value. Notwithstanding, our property-level mortgages and corporate-level credit facilities that are intended to be held to maturity are valued at par (i.e., at their respective outstanding balances). (4) Certain of our investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships are presented using the equity method of accounting in our condensed consolidated financial statements. As such, certain increases or decreases in the fair market value of the underlying investments or debt instruments associated with those investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of determining our NAV, the investments in the underlying real estate and certain of the underlying debt instruments are recorded at fair value and reflected in our NAV at our proportional ownership interest. (5) We depreciate our investments in real estate and amortize certain other assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. Such depreciation and amortization is not recorded for purposes of determining our NAV. (6) Includes (i) straight-line rent receivables, which are recorded in accordance with GAAP but not recorded for purposes of determining our NAV, (ii) certain interest rate hedges, which are recorded at fair value in accordance with GAAP but are not included for purposes of determining our NAV if intended to be held to maturity, and (iii) other minor adjustments. 
 Performance Our NAV decreased from 8.02 per share as of December 31, 2023 to 7.50 per share as of September 30, 2024. The decrease in NAV was primarily driven by expansion in the capital market assumptions that are a major factor used in the valuation of our real estate portfolio. This decrease was partially offset by strong leasing and above-average market rent growth in our industrial properties. 

 40 

Table of contents 
 Effective December 31, 2019, our board of directors approved amendments to our valuation procedures which revised the way we value property-level mortgages, corporate-level credit facilities, other secured and unsecured debt and associated interest rate hedges when loans, including associated interest rate hedges, are intended to be held to maturity, effectively eliminating all mark-to-market adjustments for such loans and hedges from the calculation of our NAV. The following table summarizes the impact of interest rate movements on our share class returns assuming we continued to include the mark-to-market adjustments for all borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments beginning with the December 31, 2019 NAV: 

One-Year Trailing (Trailing Three-Year Five-Year Ten-Year Since Inception (as of September 30, 2024) (1) Three-Months Year-to-Date 12-Months) Annualized Annualized Annualized Annualized (2) Class T-R Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (3) (2.23) (6.73) (8.11) 1.19 3.69 4.27 5.33 Adjusted Class T-R Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (3.62) (7.66) (10.57) 1.54 3.74 4.30 5.35 Difference 1.39 0.93 2.46 (0.35) (0.05) (0.03) (0.02) Class T-R Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (3) 1.19 (3.47) (4.89) 2.36 4.41 4.58 5.44 Adjusted Class T-R Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (0.25) (4.43) (7.44) 2.71 4.46 4.60 5.46 Difference 1.44 0.96 2.55 (0.35) (0.05) (0.02) (0.02) Class S-R Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (3) (2.23) (6.73) (8.11) 1.19 3.69 4.27 5.33 Adjusted Class S-R Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (3.62) (7.66) (10.57) 1.54 3.74 4.30 5.35 Difference 1.39 0.93 2.46 (0.35) (0.05) (0.03) (0.02) Class S-R Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (3) 1.19 (3.47) (4.89) 2.36 4.41 4.58 5.44 Adjusted Class S-R Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (0.25) (4.43) (7.44) 2.71 4.46 4.60 5.46 Difference 1.44 0.96 2.55 (0.35) (0.05) (0.02) (0.02) Class D-R Share Total Return (3) 1.34 (3.03) (4.32) 2.97 5.04 5.18 5.64 Adjusted Class D-R Share Total Return (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (0.10) (4.00) (6.89) 3.32 5.08 5.20 5.66 Difference 1.44 0.97 2.57 (0.35) (0.04) (0.02) (0.02) Class I-R Share Total Return (3) 1.40 (2.85) (4.09) 3.23 5.30 5.51 6.01 Adjusted Class I-R Share Total Return (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (0.04) (3.82) (6.66) 3.58 5.35 5.54 6.03 Difference 1.44 0.97 2.57 (0.35) (0.05) (0.03) (0.02) Class E Share Return Total Return (3) 1.40 (2.85) (4.09) 3.23 5.30 5.54 6.05 Adjusted Class E Share Total Return (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (0.04) (3.82) (6.66) 3.58 5.35 5.57 6.07 Difference 1.44 0.97 2.57 (0.35) (0.05) (0.03) (0.02) 

 41 

Table of contents 

One-Year Trailing (Trailing Three-Year Five-Year Ten-Year Since Inception (as of September 30, 2024) (1) Three-Months Year-to-Date 12-Months) Annualized Annualized Annualized Annualized (2) Class S-PR Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (3) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a (2.75) Adjusted Class S-PR Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a (3.05) Difference n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.30 Class S-PR Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (3) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.77 Adjusted Class S-PR Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.47 Difference n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.30 Class D-PR Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions) (3) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Adjusted Class D-PR Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Difference n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Class D-PR Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions) (3) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Adjusted Class D-PR Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Difference n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Class I-PR Share Total Return (3) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.84 Adjusted Class I-PR Share Total Return (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.54 Difference n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0.30 

 (1) Performance is measured by total return, which includes income and appreciation (i.e., distributions and changes in NAV) and is a compound rate of return that assumes reinvestment of all distributions for the respective time period, and excludes upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees paid by investors, except for returns noted with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees Total Return ). Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted. (2) NAV inception date for Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class I-R shares (formerly known as Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, respectively) and Class E shares was September 30, 2012, which is when we first sold shares of our common stock after converting to an NAV-based REIT on July 12, 2012. Investors in our fixed price offerings prior to NAV inception on September 30, 2012 are likely to have a lower return. The inception date for Class I-PR shares and Class S-PR shares was September 3, 2024, which is when we first sold shares of such share classes of our common stock. Since inception Total Return for Class I-PR shares and Class S-PR shares as presented are cumulative, as the period since each class s inception date is less than one year. As of September 30, 2024, no Class D-PR shares have been issued. (3) The Total Returns presented are based on the actual NAVs at which stockholders transacted, calculated pursuant to our valuation procedures. From NAV inception to November 30, 2019, these NAVs reflected mark-to-market adjustments on our borrowing-related interest rate hedge positions; and from September 1, 2017 to November 30, 2019, these NAVs also reflected mark-to-market adjustments on our borrowing-related debt instruments. Prior to September 1, 2017, our valuation policies dictated marking borrowing-related debt instruments to par except in certain circumstances; therefore, we did not formally track mark-to-market adjustments on our borrowing-related debt instruments during such time. 

 42 

Table of contents 
 (4) The Adjusted Total Returns presented are based on adjusted NAVs calculated as if we had continued to mark our hedge and debt instruments to market following a policy change to largely exclude borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt marks to market from our NAV calculations (except in certain circumstances pursuant to our valuation procedures), beginning with our NAV calculated as of December 31, 2019 NAV. Therefore, the NAVs used in the calculation are identical to those presented per Note (3) above from NAV inception through November 30, 2019. The adjusted NAVs include the incremental impacts to advisory fees and performance fees; however, the adjusted NAVs are not assumed to have impacted any share purchase or redemption. For calculation purposes, transactions were assumed to occur at the adjusted NAVs. Trends Affecting Our Business Our results of operations are affected by a variety of factors, including conditions in both the U.S. and global financial markets and the economic and political environments. The U.S. macroeconomic environment continues to be steady, underpinned by GDP growth of 3 in the second quarter of 2024, while exhibiting moderating inflation, cooling growth in the labor market and year-over-year increases in the unemployment rate. With easing inflationary pressures, the Federal Reserve has shifted its monetary policies in support of its goal to maximize employment and lowered the federal funds rate by 50 basis points in September 2024 and by an additional 25 basis points in November 2024. The publicly traded equity and credit markets delivered positive returns for most asset classes in the third quarter of 2024, as expectation of lower future market rates and overall stability in the economy supported healthy investor demand and generally reduced risk premiums in the quarter, especially for liquid commercial real estate transactions. While lower market rates and increased capital markets liquidity supports commercial real estate property transactions and values, regulated lending institutions are adjusting their business models to increase capital requirements for direct loans to real estate and thus continue to be constrained in providing capital for commercial real estate properties. Additionally, rising operating costs, such as property insurance, have further pressured cash flow performance across many real estate property types. Although the Federal Reserve has signaled further decreases in interest rates in 2024 and 2025, there is no certainty that there will be a decrease in interest rates or the magnitude or pace of potential decreases or even if such decreases will occur, especially if inflation accelerates. Office properties in particular continue to experience challenges driven by the increased prevalence of remote work and elevated costs to operate, improve or repurpose office properties. These factors have largely resulted in lower demand for office space and have driven elevated levels of vacancy and default rates. Offsetting some of these challenges is the significant decline in new commercial real estate development that unfolded throughout 2023 and has continued into 2024. Ultimately, this lack of new future inventory may result in a shortage of contemporary, in demand properties in the years to come. Alongside this trend there is a significant amount of unspent capital targeting commercial real estate properties that could support values and elevate transaction activities. Property valuations and capitalization rates are continuing to show signs of stabilization and we believe certain of these market trends will be offset by continued strong operating fundamentals, such as occupancy and rental rates, in property types that include multifamily and industrial. We believe our portfolio is well-positioned in this market environment. However, there is no guarantee that our outlook will remain positive for the long-term, especially if leasing fundamentals weaken in the future. 

 43 

Table of contents 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Summary of 2024 Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed the following activities: We acquired one residential, two industrial and six self-storage properties for an aggregate contractual purchase price of approximately 326.9 million. We invested an aggregate of 132.3 million in our unconsolidated joint venture partnerships and our investments in real estate debt and securities. We sold one partial retail property for net proceeds of 4.0 million and recorded a net gain on sale of 1.0 million related to the sale of this property. We leased approximately 2.1 million square feet of our commercial properties, which included 0.2 million square feet of new leases and 1.9 million square feet of renewals. During the nine months of 2024, rent growth on comparable commercial leases executed during the nine months averaged 37.4 when calculated using cash basis rental rates and 49.5 when calculated using GAAP basis rental rates. For our residential properties, rent growth on new and renewal leases executed during the nine months averaged 0.7 . As of September 30, 2024, rents across our residential properties and industrial properties, our two largest property segments, are estimated to be 4.0 and 22.1 below market (on a weighted-average basis), respectively, providing the opportunity for meaningful net operating income growth. We increased our leverage ratio from 36.4 as of December 31, 2023, to 37.2 as of September 30, 2024. Our leverage ratio for reporting purposes is calculated as the outstanding principal balance of our borrowings less cash and cash equivalents divided by the fair value of our real property, net investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, investments in real estate-related securities and debt-related investments not associated with the DST Program (determined in accordance with our valuation procedures). We raised gross proceeds of 614.6 million from the sale of our common stock and DST Interests. This includes 46.4 million from the sale of 5.9 million shares of our common stock in our securities offerings, including proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan of 24.3 million and 568.2 million of gross capital through private placement offerings by selling DST Interests, 46.6 million of which were financed by DST Program Loans. We entered into a 60.8 million mortgage loan, secured by one of our residential properties, at a fixed interest rate of 5.06 . We redeemed 19.8 million shares of common stock at a weighted-average purchase price of 7.74 per share for an aggregate amount of 153.2 million. 

44 

Table of contents 
 Results for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Prior Periods The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 

For the Three Months Ended Change For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Change in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental revenues 94,698 90,587 4,111 4.5 273,416 237,533 35,883 15.1 Debt-related income 12,588 12,237 351 2.9 36,136 21,787 14,349 65.9 Total revenues 107,286 102,824 4,462 4.3 309,552 259,320 50,232 19.4 Operating expenses: Rental expenses 36,772 34,195 2,577 7.5 103,467 87,790 15,677 17.9 Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 39,287 36,234 3,053 8.4 110,991 99,201 11,790 11.9 General and administrative expenses 2,813 3,206 (393) (12.3) 9,356 8,991 365 4.1 Advisory fees 10,151 9,966 185 1.9 30,089 28,822 1,267 4.4 Acquisition costs and reimbursements 2,072 1,445 627 43.4 5,560 5,050 510 10.1 Valuation allowance on debt-related investment 3,780 (3,780) (100.0) Total operating expenses 91,095 85,046 6,049 7.1 259,463 233,634 25,829 11.1 Other income (expenses): Income (loss) from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships 2,940 5,827 (2,887) (49.5) 11,049 (3,727) 14,776 NM Interest expense (47,419) (45,885) (1,534) (3.3) (137,538) (109,394) (28,144) (25.7) Gain on sale of real estate property 1,048 1,048 NM 1,048 36,884 (35,836) (97.2) Unrealized gain (loss) on DST Program Loans 195 (359) 554 NM (164) (164) NM Unrealized gain on financing obligations 4,227 1,920 2,307 NM 8,968 8,968 NM Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt and financing obligations, net 20,700 1,100 19,600 NM 21,800 (700) 22,500 NM Gain on derivative instruments 13 (13) (100.0) Provision for current expected credit losses 872 469 403 85.9 1,474 (2,950) 4,424 NM Other income and expenses 2,065 1,321 744 56.3 4,675 3,330 1,345 40.4 Total other income (expenses) (15,372) (35,607) 20,235 56.8 (88,688) (76,544) (12,144) (15.9) Net income (loss) before income tax expense 819 (17,829) 18,648 NM (38,599) (50,858) 12,259 24.1 Income tax expense (4,726) (3,938) (788) (20.0) (8,664) (8,664) NM Net loss (3,907) (21,767) 17,860 82.1 (47,263) (50,858) 3,595 7.1 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 16 108 (92) (85.2) 235 390 (155) (39.7) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 1,618 7,318 (5,700) (77.9) 15,413 11,304 4,109 36.3 Net loss attributable to common stockholders (2,273) (14,341) 12,068 84.2 (31,615) (39,164) 7,549 19.3 Weighted-average shares outstanding basic 185,449 190,855 (5,406) (2.8) 190,642 204,968 (14,326) (7.0) Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted 317,591 289,522 28,069 9.7 296,283 264,821 31,462 11.9 Net loss attributable to common stockholders per common share basic and diluted (0.01) (0.08) 0.07 87.5 (0.17) (0.19) 0.02 10.5 

 NM = Not meaningful 

 45 

Table of contents 
 Total Revenues. Total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, in aggregate, increased by 4.5 million, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, total revenues increased by 50.2 million, primarily due to the factors described below. Rental Revenues. Rental revenues are comprised of rental income, straight-line rent, and amortization of above- and below-market lease assets and liabilities. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, in aggregate, total rental revenues increased by 4.1 million, primarily due to the increase in non-same store revenues resulting from net growth in our portfolio. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, in aggregate, total rental revenues increased by 35.9 million, primarily due to the increase in non-same store revenues resulting from significant net growth in our portfolio and increased market rents at various industrial properties, partially offset by reduced occupancy at our CityView and Eden Prairie office properties. See Same Store Portfolio Results of Operations below for further details of the same store revenues. The following table presents the components of our consolidated rental revenues: 

For the Three Months Ended Change For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 2024 2023 Rental income 91,589 87,670 3,919 4.5 265,015 232,069 32,946 14.2 Straight-line rent 1,967 1,982 (15) (0.8) 5,531 2,738 2,793 NM Amortization of above- and below-market intangibles 1,142 935 207 22.1 2,870 2,726 144 5.3 Total rental revenues 94,698 90,587 4,111 4.5 273,416 237,533 35,883 15.1 

 NM = Not meaningful Debt-Related Income. Debt-related income is comprised of interest income and amortization related to our debt-related investments and debt securities. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to June 30, 2024, in aggregate, total debt-related income remained constant. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to September 30, 2023, in aggregate, total debt-related income increased by 14.3 million primarily due to the growth of our investments in real estate debt and securities. Total Operating Expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, total operating expenses increased by 6.0 million, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, total operating expenses increased by 25.8 million, primarily due to the factors described below. Rental Expenses. Rental expenses include certain property operating expenses typically reimbursed by our customers at our commercial properties, such as real estate taxes, property insurance, property management fees, repair and maintenance, and include certain non-recoverable expenses, such as consulting services and roof repairs. Substantially all of our commercial properties are subject to leases on a triple net basis in which customers pay their proportionate share of real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance, and certain other operating costs. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, total rental expenses increased by 2.6 million primarily due to the increase in non-same store expenses resulting from net growth in our portfolio and increased real estate tax and maintenance costs at various residential and retail properties. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, total rental expenses increased by 15.7 million primarily due to an increase in non-same store rental expenses resulting from significant net growth in our portfolio and an increase in real estate taxes at various industrial and residential properties. See Same Store Portfolio Results of Operations below for further details of the same store expenses. 

 46 

Table of contents 
 The following table presents the various components of our rental expenses: 

For the Three Months Ended Change For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Change in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 2024 2023 Real estate taxes 14,687 14,288 399 2.8 42,595 37,272 5,323 14.3 Repairs and maintenance 8,151 6,862 1,289 18.8 21,227 18,634 2,593 13.9 Utilities 3,195 2,623 572 21.8 8,819 8,212 607 7.4 Property management fees 2,468 2,227 241 10.8 6,877 5,876 1,001 17.0 Insurance 2,031 1,974 57 2.9 5,843 4,539 1,304 28.7 Other 6,240 6,221 19 0.3 18,106 13,257 4,849 36.6 Total rental expenses 36,772 34,195 2,577 7.5 103,467 87,790 15,677 17.9 Real Estate-Related Depreciation and Amortization. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, in aggregate, real estate-related depreciation and amortization expense increased by 3.1 million, primarily due to net growth in our portfolio. Real estate-related depreciation and amortization expense increased by 11.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to significant net growth in our portfolio. Other Remaining Operating Expenses. In aggregate, the remaining operating expenses increased by 0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to a significant net growth in our portfolio . In aggregate, the remaining operating expenses decreased by 1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to a decrease in our valuation allowance on debt-related investment of 3.8 million, partially offset by an increase in advisory fees of 1.3 million . Other Income and Expenses. In aggregate, the remaining items that comprise our net income (loss) had a 19.4 million impact on our net income (loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to the following: an increase in gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt and financing obligations, net of 19.6 million driven by the recognition of a gain on our financing obligations upon extinguishment when we exercised a purchase option for certain properties in our DST Program; and an increase in unrealized gain on financing obligations of 2.3 million driven by changes in valuations of properties in our DST Program. 
 Partially offset by: a decrease in income (loss) from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships of 2.9 million driven by lower unrealized gains recognized on our investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships; and an increase in interest expense of 1.5 million driven primarily by additional borrowings on a fixed rate mortgage note. 
 In aggregate, the remaining items that comprise our net income (loss) had a (20.8) million impact on our net income (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the following: a decrease in gain on sale of real estate property of 35.8 million driven by a large gain recognized on a disposition in 2023; an increase in interest expense of 28.1 million driven primarily by increased borrowings on our line of credit and additional mortgage notes and higher interest expense on financing obligations associated with an increase in the sale of interests related to our DST Program; and an increase in income tax expense of 8.7 million driven by activities at our taxable REIT subsidiaries in our DST Program, which resulted in taxable income for the period. 

47 

Table of contents 
 Partially offset by: an increase in gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt and financing obligations, net of 22.5 million driven by the recognition of a gain on our financing obligations upon extinguishment when we exercised a purchase option for certain properties in our DST Program; an increase in income (loss) from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships of 14.8 million driven by positive performance of our investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships; and an increase in unrealized gain on financing obligations of 9.0 million driven by changes in valuations of properties in our DST Program. 
 Same Store Portfolio Results of Operations Property net operating income NOI is a supplemental non-GAAP measure of our property operating results. We define property NOI as rental revenues less operating expenses. While we believe our net income (loss), as defined by GAAP, to be the most appropriate measure to evaluate our overall performance, we consider property NOI to be an appropriate supplemental performance measure. We believe property NOI provides useful information to our investors regarding our results of operations because property NOI reflects the operating performance of our properties and excludes certain items that are not considered to be controllable in connection with the management of properties, such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, advisory fees, impairment charges, interest expense, gains on sale of properties, other income and expenses, gains and losses on the extinguishment of debt and noncontrolling interests. However, property NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance since it excludes such items, which could materially impact our results of operations. Further, our property NOI may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies, as they may use different methodologies for calculating property NOI, therefore, our investors should consider net income (loss) as the primary indicator of our overall financial performance. We evaluate the performance of consolidated operating properties we own and manage using a same store analysis because the population of properties in this analysis is consistent from period to period, thereby eliminating the effects of any material changes in the composition of the aggregate portfolio on performance measures. We have defined the same store portfolio to include consolidated operating properties owned for the entirety of both the current and prior reporting periods for which the operations had been stabilized. Unconsolidated properties are excluded from the same store portfolio because we account for our interest in our joint venture partnership using the equity method of accounting; therefore, our proportionate share of income and loss is recognized in income (loss) of our unconsolidated joint venture partnership on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Other operating properties not meeting the same store criteria are reflected in the non-same store portfolio. Our same store analysis may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies and should not be considered to be more relevant or accurate in evaluating our operating performance than current GAAP methodology. The same store operating portfolio for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024 presented below includes 98 properties totaling 19.8 million square feet owned as of April 1, 2024, which represented 93.7 of total rentable square feet as of September 30, 2024. The same store operating portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 presented below includes 89 properties totaling approximately 17.9 million square feet owned as of January 1, 2023, which represented 84.7 of total rentable square feet as of September 30, 2024. 

 48 

Table of contents 
 The following table reconciles GAAP net income (loss) to same store portfolio property NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 

For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 2024 2023 Net loss attributable to common stockholders (2,273) (14,341) (31,615) (39,164) Debt-related income (12,588) (12,237) (36,136) (21,787) Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 39,287 36,234 110,991 99,201 General and administrative expenses 2,813 3,206 9,356 8,991 Advisory fees 10,151 9,966 30,089 28,822 Acquisition costs and reimbursements 2,072 1,445 5,560 5,050 Valuation allowance on debt-related investment 3,780 (Income) loss from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships (2,940) (5,827) (11,049) 3,727 Interest expense 47,419 45,885 137,538 109,394 Gain on sale of real estate property (1,048) (1,048) (36,884) Unrealized (gain) loss on DST Program Loans (195) 359 164 Unrealized gain on financing obligations (4,227) (1,920) (8,968) (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt and financing obligations, net (20,700) (1,100) (21,800) 700 Gain on derivative instruments (13) Provision for current expected credit losses (872) (469) (1,474) 2,950 Other income and expenses (2,065) (1,321) (4,675) (3,330) Income tax expense 4,726 3,938 8,664 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests (16) (108) (235) (390) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (1,618) (7,318) (15,413) (11,304) Property net operating income 57,926 56,392 169,949 149,743 Less: Non-same store property NOI 3,403 660 16,524 1,083 Same store property NOI 54,523 55,732 153,425 148,660 Our real property markets are aggregated into five reportable property segments: residential, industrial, retail, office and other. Our property segments are based on our internal reporting of operating results used to assess performance based on the type of our properties. These property segments are comprised of the markets by which management and its operating teams conduct and monitor business. See Note 15 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our segments. Management considers rental revenues and property NOI aggregated by property segment to be an appropriate way to analyze performance. 

 49 

Table of contents 
 The following table includes a breakout of results for our same store portfolio by property segment for rental revenues, rental expenses and property NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, and the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 

in thousands, For the Three Months Ended Change For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Change except per square foot data) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 2024 2023 Rental revenues: Residential 32,432 33,080 (648) (2.0) 87,307 87,160 147 0.2 Industrial 27,176 27,399 (223) (0.8) 72,844 65,157 7,687 11.8 Retail 15,368 15,077 291 1.9 45,662 43,259 2,403 5.6 Office 13,103 12,167 936 7.7 37,463 39,344 (1,881) (4.8) Other 945 918 27 2.9 Total same store rental revenues 89,024 88,641 383 0.4 243,276 234,920 8,356 3.6 Non-same store properties 5,674 1,946 3,728 NM 30,140 2,613 27,527 NM Total rental revenues 94,698 90,587 4,111 4.5 273,416 237,533 35,883 15.1 Rental expenses: Residential (16,662) (16,408) (254) (1.5) (42,742) (41,521) (1,221) (2.9) Industrial (6,872) (7,152) 280 3.9 (17,898) (14,674) (3,224) (22.0) Retail (4,286) (3,621) (665) (18.4) (11,805) (11,205) (600) (5.4) Office (6,304) (5,306) (998) (18.8) (17,406) (18,860) 1,454 7.7 Other (377) (422) 45 10.7 Total same store rental expenses (34,501) (32,909) (1,592) (4.8) (89,851) (86,260) (3,591) (4.2) Non-same store properties (2,271) (1,286) (985) (76.6) (13,616) (1,530) (12,086) NM Total rental expenses (36,772) (34,195) (2,577) (7.5) (103,467) (87,790) (15,677) (17.9) Property NOI: Residential 15,770 16,672 (902) (5.4) 44,565 45,639 (1,074) (2.4) Industrial 20,304 20,247 57 0.3 54,946 50,483 4,463 8.8 Retail 11,082 11,456 (374) (3.3) 33,857 32,054 1,803 5.6 Office 6,799 6,861 (62) (0.9) 20,057 20,484 (427) (2.1) Other 568 496 72 14.5 Total same store property NOI 54,523 55,732 (1,209) (2.2) 153,425 148,660 4,765 3.2 Non-same store properties 3,403 660 2,743 NM 16,524 1,083 15,441 NM Total property NOI 57,926 56,392 1,534 2.7 169,949 149,743 20,206 13.5 Same store average percentage leased: Residential 91.8 92.0 92.1 93.9 Industrial 96.6 98.1 98.2 99.7 Retail 96.7 96.9 97.0 96.6 Office 80.3 80.1 79.9 82.5 Other 82.3 79.3 Same store average annualized base rent per square foot: Residential 28.36 28.22 28.90 28.38 Industrial 7.28 7.14 7.20 6.81 Retail 20.06 20.13 20.06 19.80 Office 37.82 36.95 37.82 35.02 Other 23.84 24.62 

 NM = Not meaningful Residential Segment. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our residential segment same store property NOI decreased by approximately 0.9 million as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to increased concessions, vacancy, bad debt and operating expenses at various residential properties. Our residential segment same store property NOI decreased by approximately 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increased operating expenses, specifically real estate taxes and non-recurring expenses at various residential properties. 

 50 

Table of contents 
 Industrial Segment. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our industrial segment same store property NOI remained consistent as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. Our industrial segment same store property NOI increased by 4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increased market rents at various industrial properties. Retail Segment. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our retail segment same store property NOI decreased by 0.4 million as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to reduced percentage rent and increased non-recoverable expenses at various retail properties, partially offset by increased occupancy at our Suniland property. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our retail segment same store property NOI increased by 1.8 million as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increased termination fee revenue at our Beaver Creek property and increased occupancy at various retail properties, partially offset by increased bad debt expense at various retail properties in 2024. Office Segment. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our office segment same store property NOI remained consistent as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. Our office segment same store property NOI decreased by 0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreased occupancy at our Eden Prairie and CityView properties, partially offset by reduced operating expenses at various office properties in 2024. Other Segment. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our other segment same store property NOI remained consistent as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. ADDITIONAL MEASURES OF PERFORMANCE Funds From Operations FFO and Adjusted Funds From Operations AFFO We believe that FFO and AFFO, in addition to net income (loss) and cash flows from operating activities as defined by GAAP, are useful supplemental performance measures that our management uses to evaluate our consolidated operating performance. However, these supplemental, non-GAAP measures should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) or to cash flows from operating activities as indications of our performance and are not intended to be used as liquidity measures indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. No single measure can provide users of financial information with sufficient information and only our disclosures read as a whole can be relied upon to adequately portray our financial position, liquidity and results of operations. In addition, other REITs may define FFO, AFFO and similar measures differently and choose to treat certain accounting line items in a manner different from us due to specific differences in investment and operating strategy or for other reasons. FFO. As defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ), FFO is a non-GAAP measure that excludes certain items such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization. We believe FFO is a meaningful supplemental measure of our operating performance that is useful to investors because depreciation and amortization in accordance with GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. By excluding gains or losses on the sale of assets, we believe FFO provides a helpful additional measure of our consolidated operating performance on a comparative basis. We use FFO as an indication of our consolidated operating performance and as a guide to making decisions about future investments. AFFO. AFFO further adjusts FFO to reflect the performance of our portfolio by adjusting for items we believe are not directly attributable to our operations. Our adjustments to FFO to arrive at AFFO include removing the impact of (i) our performance participation allocation, (ii) unrealized (gain) loss from changes in fair value of financial instruments and (iii) increase (decrease) in financing obligation liability appreciation, as applicable . Although some REITs may present certain performance measures differently, we believe FFO and AFFO generally facilitate a comparison to other REITs that have similar operating characteristics to us. We believe investors are best served if the information that is made available to them allows them to align their analyses and evaluation with the same performance metrics used by management in planning and executing our business strategy. Neither the SEC, NAREIT, nor any regulatory body has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments used to calculate AFFO. In the future, the SEC, NAREIT, or a regulatory body may decide to standardize the allowable adjustments across the non-traded REIT industry at which point we may adjust our calculations and characterizations of AFFO. 

 51 

Table of contents 
 The following unaudited table presents a reconciliation of GAAP net income (loss) to FFO and AFFO: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 GAAP net loss (3,907) (19,033) (47,263) (50,858) Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted 317,591 266,487 296,283 264,821 GAAP net loss per common share diluted (0.01) (0.07) (0.17) (0.19) Adjustments to arrive at FFO: Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 39,287 32,146 110,991 99,201 Gain on sale of real estate property (1,048) (1,048) (36,884) Our share of adjustments from joint venture partnerships 1,736 1,422 5,097 5,734 FFO 36,068 14,535 67,777 17,193 FFO per common share diluted 0.11 0.05 0.23 0.06 Adjustments to arrive at AFFO: Unrealized (gain) loss on financial instruments (1) (25,994) 449 (32,078) 10,552 (Decrease) increase in financing obligation liability appreciation (3,023) (69) 1,761 Our share of adjustments from joint venture partnerships (3,318) 151 (10,857) 330 AFFO 6,756 12,112 24,773 29,836 

 (1) Unrealized (gain) loss on financial instruments primarily relates to mark-to-market changes on our derivatives not designated as cash flow hedges, mark-to-market changes on our DST Program Loans and financing obligations for which we have elected the fair value option, valuation allowance and changes to our provision for current expected credit losses on our debt-related investments and gains or losses on extinguishment of our financing obligations. 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Liquidity Our primary sources of capital for meeting our cash requirements include debt financings, cash generated from operating activities, net proceeds from our securities and private offerings, asset sales and repayments from investments in real estate debt and securities. Our principal uses of funds are distributions to our stockholders, payments under our debt obligations and payments pursuant to the master lease agreements related to properties in our DST Program, redemption payments, acquisition of properties and other investments and capital expenditures. Over time, we intend to fund a majority of our cash needs, including the repayment of debt and capital expenditures, from operating cash flows and refinancings. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 129.3 million of borrowings, including scheduled amortization payments, and 66.5 million of future minimum lease payments related to the properties in our DST Program coming due in the next 12 months. In addition, we have 219.0 million in unfunded commitments related to our investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships and our investments in real estate debt and securities as of September 30, 2024. We expect to be able to repay our principal and interest obligations and fund our capital commitments over the next 12 months and beyond through operating cash flows, refinancings, borrowings under our line of credit, proceeds from capital raise and/or disposition proceeds. Additionally, given the increase in market volatility, increased interest rates and high inflation, we have experienced a decreased pace of net proceeds raised from our securities offerings, reducing our ability to purchase assets, which may similarly delay the returns generated from our investments and affect our NAV. Our Advisor, subject to the oversight of our board of directors and, under certain circumstances, the investment committee or other committees established by our board of directors, will evaluate potential acquisitions or dispositions and will engage in negotiations with buyers, sellers and lenders on our behalf. Pending investment in property, debt, or other investments, we may decide to temporarily invest any unused proceeds from our securities offerings in certain investments that are expected to yield lower returns than those earned on real estate assets. These lower returns may affect our NAV and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Potential future sources of capital include proceeds from secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders, proceeds from our securities offerings, proceeds from the sale of assets and undistributed funds from operations. 

 52 

Table of contents 
 As of September 30, 2024, our financial position was strong with 37.2 leverage, calculated as outstanding principal balance of our borrowings less cash and cash equivalents divided by the fair value of our real property, net investments in our unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, investments in real estate-related securities and debt-related investments not associated with the DST Program (determined in accordance with our valuation procedures). In addition, our consolidated portfolio was 93.7 occupied (93.8 leased) as of September 30, 2024 and is diversified across 108 properties totaling 21.1 million square feet across 33 geographic markets. Our properties contain a diverse roster of 422 commercial customers, large and small, and has an allocation based on fair value of real properties as determined by our NAV calculation of 38.3 residential, 36.0 industrial, 13.5 retail which is primarily grocery-anchored, 9.1 office and 3.1 other properties in adjacent sectors. We believe that our cash on-hand, anticipated net offering proceeds, proceeds from our line of credit, and other financing and disposition activities should be sufficient to meet our anticipated future acquisition, operating, debt service, distribution and redemption requirements. Cash Flows. The following table summarizes our cash flows for the following periods: 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Total cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 30,934 17,731 13,203 Investing activities (489,968) (321,810) (168,158) Financing activities 467,500 305,545 161,955 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 64 64 Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 8,530 1,466 7,064 Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 13.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to a 23.7 million settlement of the 2022 performance participation allocation in cash in January 2023. Net cash used in investing activities increased by 168.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in net debt-related investments activity of 91.3 million, an increase in real estate property acquisition activity of 65.6 million, an increase in investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships of 41.0 million and a decrease in proceeds from disposition of real estate property of 49.7 million, partially offset by a decrease in investments in available-for-sale debt securities of 87.3 million. Net cash provided by financing activities increased by 162.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in net offering activity from our DST Program and securities offerings of 148.0 million and an increase in net borrowing activity of 22.5 million. Capital Resources and Uses of Liquidity In addition to our cash and cash equivalents balances available, our capital resources and uses of liquidity are as follows: Line of Credit and Term Loans. As of September 30, 2024, we had an aggregate of 1.7 billion of commitments under our unsecured credit agreement, including 900.0 million under our line of credit and 800.0 million under our two term loans. As of that date, we had: (i) 507.1 million outstanding under our line of credit; and (ii) 800.0 million outstanding under our term loans. The weighted-average effective interest rate across all of our unsecured borrowings is 4.57 , which includes the effect of the interest rate swap and cap agreements related to 875.0 million in borrowings under our line of credit and our term loans. As of September 30, 2024, the unused and available portions under our line of credit were 392.9 million and 386.9 million, respectively. Our 900.0 million line of credit matures in November 2025, and may be extended pursuant to two six-month extension options, subject to certain conditions, including the payment of extension fees. One 400.0 million term loan matures in November 2026, with no extension option available. Our other 400.0 million term loan matures in January 2027, with no extension option available. Our line of credit borrowings are available for general corporate purposes, including but not limited to the refinancing of other debt, payment of redemptions, acquisition and operation of permitted investments. Refer to Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our line of credit and term loans. 

 53 

Table of contents 
 Mortgage Notes. As of September 30, 2024, we had property-level borrowings of approximately 863.0 million outstanding with a weighted-average remaining term of 3.4 years. These borrowings are secured by mortgages or deeds of trust and related assignments and security interests in the collateralized properties, and had a weighted-average interest rate of 4.69 . Refer to Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the mortgage notes. Debt Covenants. Our line of credit, term loan and mortgage note agreements contain various property-level covenants, including customary affirmative and negative covenants. In addition, our line of credit and term loan agreements contain certain corporate level financial covenants, including leverage ratio, fixed charge coverage ratio and tangible net worth thresholds. These covenants may limit our ability to incur additional debt, or to pay distributions. We were in compliance with our debt covenants as of September 30, 2024. Leverage. We use financial leverage to provide additional funds to support our investment activities. We may finance a portion of the purchase price of any real estate asset that we acquire with borrowings on a short or long-term basis from banks, life insurance companies and other lenders. We calculate our leverage for reporting purposes as the outstanding principal balance of our borrowings less cash and cash equivalents divided by the fair value of our real property, net investments in our unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, investments in real estate-related securities and debt-related investments not associated with the DST Program (determined in accordance with our valuation procedures). We had leverage of 37.2 as of September 30, 2024. Our current target leverage ratio is between 40-60 . Although we will generally work to maintain our targeted leverage ratio, there are no assurances that we will maintain the targeted range disclosed above or achieve any other leverage ratio that we may target in the future. Due to the increase in interest rates, increased market volatility and the potential of a global recession in the near-term, the cost of financing or refinancing our assets may affect returns generated by our investments. Additionally, these factors may cause our borrowing capacity to be reduced, which could similarly delay or reduce benefits to our stockholders. Future Minimum Lease Payments Related to the DST Program. As of September 30, 2024, we had 1.36 billion of future minimum lease payments related to the DST Program. The underlying interests of each property that is sold to investors pursuant to the DST Program are leased back by an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership on a long-term basis of up to 29 years. Offering Proceeds. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the amount of aggregate gross proceeds raised from our securities offerings (including shares issued pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan) was 46.4 million 44.3 million net of direct selling costs). Distributions. To obtain the favorable tax treatment accorded to REITs, we normally will be required each year to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our real estate investment trust taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for distributions paid and by excluding net capital gains. The payment of distributions is determined by our board of directors and may be adjusted at its discretion at any time. Distribution levels are set by our board of directors at a level it believes to be appropriate and sustainable based upon a review of a variety of factors including the current and anticipated market conditions, current and anticipated future performance and make-up of our investments, our overall financial projections and expected future cash needs. We intend to continue to make distributions on a monthly basis. Beginning in the third quarter of 2023, our board of directors authorized an increase to the amount of monthly gross distributions for each class of our common stock, such that distributions in the amount of 0.03333 per share were paid to stockholders. The new monthly gross distribution per share reflects an increase to the amount of the previous monthly gross distribution of 0.03125 per share that had been paid since January 31, 2018. The distributions on Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares, Class D-R, Class S-PR and Class D-PR shares of our common stock are reduced by the respective distribution fees that are payable with respect to Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares, Class D-R, Class S-PR and Class D-PR shares. The distributions are paid on or about the last business day of each respective month to stockholders of record as of the close of business on the last business day of each respective month. There can be no assurances that this new distribution rate will be maintained in future periods. 

 54 

Table of contents 
 The following table outlines sources used, as determined on a GAAP basis, to pay total gross distributions (which are paid in cash or reinvested in shares of our common stock through our DRIP) for the periods indicated below: 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 in thousands) Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions: Paid in cash (1) 64,680 72.8 51,729 67.9 Reinvested in shares 24,172 27.2 24,414 32.1 Total (2) 88,852 100.0 76,143 100.0 Sources of Distributions: Cash flows from operating activities 30,934 34.8 17,731 23.3 Borrowings 33,746 38.0 33,998 44.6 DRIP (3) 24,172 27.2 24,414 32.1 Total (2) 88,852 100.0 76,143 100.0 

 (1) Includes other cash distributions consisting of: (i) distributions paid to noncontrolling interest holders; and (ii) ongoing distribution fees paid to the Dealer Manager with respect to Class T-R shares, Class S-R shares, Class D-R shares, Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and OP Units. (2) Includes distributions paid to holders of OP Units for redeemable noncontrolling interests. (3) Stockholders may elect to have their distributions reinvested in shares of our common stock through our DRIP. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our FFO was 67.8 million, or 76.3 of our total distributions, and 17.2 million, or 22.6 of our total distributions, respectively. FFO is a non-GAAP operating metric and should not be used as a liquidity measure. However, management believes the relationship between FFO and distributions may be meaningful for investors to better understand the sustainability of our operating performance compared to distributions made. Refer to Additional Measures of Performance above for the definition of FFO, as well as a detailed reconciliation of our GAAP net income (loss) to FFO. Redemptions. Below is a summary of redemptions and repurchases pursuant to our share redemption program for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. All eligible redemption requests were fulfilled for the periods presented. Eligible redemption requests are requests submitted in good order by the request submission deadline set forth in the share redemption program. Our board of directors may make exceptions to, modify or suspend our current share redemption programs if it deems such action to be in the best interest of our stockholders. Refer to Part II, Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Share Redemption Program for detail regarding our share redemption program. 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except for per share data) 2024 2023 Number of shares redeemed or repurchased 19,811 16,986 Aggregate dollar amount of shares redeemed or repurchased 153,228 145,934 Average redemption or repurchase price per share 7.74 8.59 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we received and redeemed 100 of eligible redemption requests for an aggregate amount of approximately 153.2 million and 145.9 million, respectively, which we redeemed using cash flows from operating activities in excess of our distributions paid in cash, cash on hand, proceeds from our securities offerings, proceeds from the disposition of properties, and borrowings under our line of credit. We generally repay funds borrowed from our line of credit from a variety of sources including: cash flows from operating activities in excess of our distributions; proceeds from our securities offerings; proceeds from the disposition of properties and other longer-term borrowings. For purposes of the share redemption program, redemption requests received in a month are included on the last day of such month because that is the last day the stockholders have rights in the Company. We record these redemptions in our financial statements as having occurred on the first day of the next month following receipt of the redemption request because shares redeemed in a given month are considered outstanding through the last day of the month. 

 55 

Table of contents 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and in conjunction with the rules and regulations of the SEC. The preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires significant management judgments, assumptions and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. For a detailed description of our critical accounting estimates, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Form 10-K. As of September 30, 2024, our critical accounting estimates have not changed from those described in our 2023 Form 10-K. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS See "Note 16 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" for information regarding subsequent events. 

 56 

Table of contents 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate Risk We have been and may continue to be exposed to the impact of interest rate changes. Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows, and optimize overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we plan to borrow on a fixed interest rate basis and also utilize interest rate swap and cap agreements on certain variable interest rate debt in order to limit the effects of changes in interest rates on our results of operations. As of September 30, 2024, our consolidated debt outstanding consisted of borrowings under our line of credit, term loans and mortgage notes. In addition, we plan to purchase or originate variable rate debt investments, which can offset interest rate risk associated with our variable interest rate consolidated debt. Fixed Interest Rate Debt. As of September 30, 2024, our fixed interest rate debt consisted of 655.4 million under our mortgage notes and 475.0 million of borrowings under our term loans that were effectively fixed through the use of interest rate swaps. In total, our fixed interest rate debt represented 52.1 of our total consolidated debt as of September 30, 2024. Interest rate fluctuations will generally not affect our future earnings or cash flows on our fixed interest rate debt unless such instruments mature or are otherwise terminated. However, interest rate changes could affect the fair value of our fixed interest rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value and the carrying value of our consolidated fixed interest rate debt, excluding the values of any associated hedges, was 1.11 billion and 1.13 billion, respectively. The fair value estimate of this debt was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis utilizing rates we would expect to pay for debt of a similar type and remaining maturity if the loans were originated on September 30, 2024. Given we generally expect to hold our fixed interest rate debt instruments to maturity or when they otherwise open up for prepayment at par, and the amounts due under such debt instruments should be limited to the outstanding principal balance and any accrued and unpaid interest at such time, we do not expect that the resulting change in fair value of our fixed interest rate debt instruments due to market fluctuations in interest rates would have a significant impact on our operating cash flows. Variable Interest Rate Debt. As of September 30, 2024, our consolidated variable interest rate debt consisted of 507.1 million of borrowings under our line of credit, 325.0 million of borrowings under our term loans and 207.6 million under our mortgage notes, which represented 47.9 of our total consolidated debt. Interest rate changes on the variable portion of our consolidated variable-rate debt could impact our future earnings and cash flows, but would not necessarily affect the fair value of such debt. As of September 30, 2024, we were exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates on 1.04 billion of consolidated borrowings; however, 607.6 million of these borrowings are capped through the use of eight interest rate cap agreements. A hypothetical 25 basis points increase in the all-in rate on the outstanding balance of our consolidated variable interest rate debt as of September 30, 2024, would increase our annual interest expense by approximately 1.1 million, including the effects of our interest rate cap agreements. In addition, we have originated and/or purchased variable rate debt-related investments with aggregate commitments of 357.2 million and aggregate outstanding principal of 313.4 million as of September 30, 2024, which can offset the interest rate risk associated with our variable interest rate borrowings. Derivative Instruments. As of September 30, 2024, we had 18 outstanding and 16 effective derivative instruments, with a total notional amount of 1.08 billion. These derivative instruments were comprised of interest rate swaps and interest rate caps that were designed to mitigate the risk of future interest rate increases by either providing a fixed interest rate or capping the variable interest rate for a limited, pre-determined period of time. See Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail on our derivative instruments. We are exposed to credit risk of the counterparty to our interest rate cap and swap agreements in the event of non-performance under the terms of the agreements. If we were not able to replace these caps or swaps in the event of non-performance by the counterparty, we would be subject to variability of the interest rate on the amount outstanding under our debt that is fixed or capped through the use of the swaps or caps, respectively. Variable Interest Rate Debt Investments. In the case of a significant increase in interest rates, additional debt service payments due from our borrowers may strain the operating cash flows of the real estate assets underlying our mortgages and, potentially, contribute to non-performance or, in severe cases, default, which may be mitigated by borrower purchased interest rate caps. Alternatively, in the case of a significant decrease in interest rates, our debt-related investments could be adversely impacted and interest income from our debt-related investments could decrease substantially, which could reduce the effectiveness of our interest rate risk strategy, as described above. 

 57 

Table of contents 
 Foreign Currency Risk We currently have investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships that invest in assets and properties located in countries outside of the U.S. that are subject to the effects of exchange rate movements between the foreign currency of each real estate investment and the U.S. dollar, which may affect future costs and cash flows as well as amounts remeasured into U.S. dollars for inclusion in our condensed consolidated financial statements. We execute borrowings in the same foreign currencies as our foreign investments to protect against the foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in transactions denominated in foreign currencies . We estimate that as of September 30, 2024, a hypothetical 10 decline in the exchange rates of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar would not result in a material change to our investment balances and would be largely offset by the currency conversions of our borrowings in the same foreign currencies. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the direction of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our 2023 Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and/or future results. The risks described in our 2023 Form 10-K, are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K, as supplemented by our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities On August 2, 2024, we commenced the Private Offering, which is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2), Regulation D and/or Regulation S thereunder. Each purchaser of the shares of our common stock sold in the Private Offering is required to represent that it is an "accredited investor" as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D or a non-U.S. person and is acquiring shares for investment purposes only and not with a view to resale or distribution. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we issued and sold approximately 240,000 Class S-PR shares and approximately 20,000 Class I-PR shares and generated gross aggregate proceeds of 2.0 million in connection with the Private Offering. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, aggregate upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees of approximately 24,000 were paid in connection with the Private Offering. 

 58 

Table of contents 
 Share Redemption Program While stockholders may request on a monthly basis that we redeem all or any portion of their shares pursuant to our share redemption program, we are not obligated to redeem any shares and may choose to redeem only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be redeemed in any particular month, in our discretion. In addition, our ability to fulfill redemption requests is subject to a number of limitations. As a result, share redemptions may not be available each month. Under our share redemption program, to the extent we choose to redeem shares in any particular month, we will only redeem shares as of the last calendar day of that month (each such date, a Redemption Date ). Shares redeemed on the Redemption Date remain outstanding on the Redemption Date and are no longer outstanding on the day following the Redemption Date. Redemptions will be made at the transaction price in effect on the Redemption Date, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be redeemed at 95 of the transaction price (an Early Redemption Deduction ). The Early Redemption Deduction may be waived in certain circumstances including: (i) in the case of redemption requests arising from the death or qualified disability of the holder; (ii) in the event that a stockholder s shares are redeemed because the stockholder has failed to maintain the 2,000 minimum account balance, (iii) with respect to shares purchased through our distribution reinvestment plan or (iv) with respect to redemption requests submitted by discretionary model portfolio management programs (and similar arrangements) or (v) with respect to redemption requests submitted by feeder vehicles (or similar vehicles) primarily created to hold shares of our common stock, which are offered to non-U.S. persons, where such vehicles seek to avoid imposing such a deduction because of administrative or systems limitations. To have his or her shares redeemed, a stockholder s redemption request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable month. Settlements of share redemptions will be made within three business days of the Redemption Date. An investor may withdraw its redemption request by notifying the transfer agent before 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the last business day of the applicable month. The total amount of aggregate redemptions of Class T-R, Class S-R, Class D-R, Class I-R, Class E, Class S-PR, Class D-PR and Class I-PR shares (based on the price at which the shares are redeemed) will be limited during each calendar month to 2 of the aggregate NAV of all classes as of the last calendar day of the previous quarter and in each calendar quarter will be limited to 5 of the aggregate NAV of all classes of shares as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter; provided, however, that every month and quarter each class of our common stock will be allocated capacity within such aggregate limit to allow stockholders in such class to either (a) redeem shares (based on the price at which the shares are redeemed) equal to at least 2 of the aggregate NAV of such share class as of the last calendar day of the previous quarter, or, if more limiting, (b) redeem shares (based on the price at which the shares are redeemed) over the course of a given quarter equal to at least 5 of the aggregate NAV of such share class as of the last calendar day of the previous quarter (collectively referred to herein as the 2 and 5 limits ), which in the second and third months of a quarter could be less than 2 of the NAV of such share class. In the event that we determine to redeem some but not all of the shares submitted for redemption during any month, shares redeemed at the end of the month will be redeemed on a pro rata basis. Even if the class-specific allocations are exceeded for a class, the program may offer such class additional capacity under the aggregate program limits. Redemptions and pro rata treatment, if necessary, will first be applied within the class-specific allocated capacity and then applied on an aggregate basis to the extent there is remaining capacity. All unsatisfied redemption requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share redemption program, as applicable. For both the aggregate and class-specific allocations described above, (i) provided that the share redemption program has been operating and not suspended for the first month of a given quarter and that all properly submitted redemption requests were satisfied, any unused capacity for that month will carry over to the second month and (ii) provided that the share redemption program has been operating and not suspended for the first two months of a given quarter and that all properly submitted redemption requests were satisfied, any unused capacity for those two months will carry over to the third month. In no event will such carry-over capacity permit the redemption of shares with aggregate value (based on the redemption price per share for the month the redemption is effected) in excess of 5 of the combined NAV of all classes of shares as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter (provided that for these purposes redemptions may be measured on a net basis as described in the paragraph below). We currently measure the foregoing redemption allocations and limitations based on net redemptions during a month or quarter, as applicable. The term net redemptions means, during the applicable period, the excess of our share redemptions (capital outflows) over the proceeds from the sale of our shares (capital inflows). For purposes of measuring our redemption capacity pursuant to our share redemption program, proceeds from new subscriptions in a month are included in capital inflows on the first day of the next month because that is the first day on which such stockholders have rights in the Company. Also for purposes of measuring our redemption capacity pursuant to our share redemption program, redemption requests received in a month are included in capital outflows on the last day of such month because that is the last day stockholders have rights in the Company. We record these redemptions in our financial statements as having occurred on the first day of the next month following receipt of the redemption 

 59 

Table of contents 
 request because shares redeemed in a given month are outstanding through the last day of the month. Net redemptions for the class-specific allocations will be based only on the capital inflows and outflows of that class, while net redemptions for the overall program limits would be based on capital inflows and outflows of all classes. Thus, for any given calendar quarter, the maximum amount of redemptions during that quarter will be equal to (i) 5 of the combined NAV of all classes of shares as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter, plus (ii) proceeds from sales of new shares in our ongoing securities offerings (including purchases pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan) since the beginning of the current calendar quarter. The same would apply for a given month, except that redemptions in a month would be subject to the 2 limit described above (subject to potential carry-over capacity), and netting would be measured on a monthly basis. With respect to future periods, our board of directors may choose whether the allocations and limitations will be applied to gross redemptions, i.e., without netting against capital inflows, rather than to net redemptions. If redemptions for a given month or quarter are measured on a gross basis rather than on a net basis, the redemption limitations could limit the amount of shares redeemed in a given month or quarter despite our receiving a net capital inflow for that month or quarter. In order for our board of directors to change the application of the allocations and limitations from net redemptions to gross redemptions or vice versa, we will provide notice to stockholders in a memorandum supplement or special or periodic report filed by us, as well as in a press release or on our website, at least 10 days before the first business day of the quarter for which the new test will apply. The determination to measure redemptions on a gross basis, or vice versa, will only be made for an entire quarter, and not particular months within a quarter. Although the vast majority of our assets consist of properties that cannot generally be readily liquidated on short notice without impacting our ability to realize full value upon their disposition, we intend to maintain a number of sources of liquidity including (i) cash equivalents (e.g. money market funds), other short-term investments, U.S. government securities, agency securities and liquid real estate-related securities and (ii) one or more borrowing facilities. We may fund redemptions from any available source of funds, including operating cash flows, borrowings, proceeds from our offerings and our sale of DST Interests and/or sales of our assets. Should redemption requests, in our judgment, place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should we otherwise determine that investing our liquid assets in real properties or other illiquid investments rather than redeeming our shares is in the best interests of the company as a whole, then we may choose to redeem fewer shares than have been requested to be redeemed, or none at all. Further, our board of directors may make exceptions to, modify or suspend our share redemption program if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. If the transaction price for the applicable month is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of the month (or is changed after such date), then no redemption requests will be accepted for such month and stockholders who wish to have their shares redeemed the following month must resubmit their redemption requests. The above description of the share redemption program is a summary of certain of the terms of the share redemption program. Please see the full text of the share redemption program, which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.3 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for all the terms and conditions. The table below summarizes the redemption activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024, for which all eligible redemption requests were redeemed in full: 

Total Number of Shares Maximum Number of Redeemed as Part of Shares That May Yet Be Total Number of Average Price Publicly Announced Redeemed Pursuant (shares in thousands) Shares Redeemed Paid Per Share (1) Plans or Programs to the Program (2) For the Month Ended: July 31, 2024 2,521 7.61 2,521 August 31, 2024 1,746 7.49 1,746 September 30, 2024 (3) 3,004 7.50 3,004 Total 7,271 7.53 7,271 

 (1) Amount represents the average price paid to investors upon redemption. (2) We limit the number of shares that may be redeemed under the share redemption program as described above. (3) Redemption requests accepted in September 2024 are considered redeemed on October 1, 2024 for accounting purposes and, as a result, are not included in the table above. This differs from how we treat capital outflows for purposes of the limitations of our share redemption program. For purposes of measuring our redemption capacity pursuant to our share redemption program, redemption requests received in a month are included in capital outflows on the last day of such month because that is the last day stockholders have rights in the Company and we redeemed 46.0 million of shares of common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

60 

Table of contents 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Distribution Reinvestment Plan Suitability Requirement Pursuant to the terms of our distribution reinvestment plan DRIP ), participants in the DRIP must promptly notify us if at any time they fail to meet the current suitability requirements for making an investment in us. The current suitability standards for Class E stockholders participating in the DRIP are listed in the section entitled Suitability Standards in our current Class E prospectus on file at www.sec.gov. The current suitability standards for Class T-R, Class S-R, Class D-R and Class I-R stockholders participating in the DRIP are listed in the section entitled Suitability Standards in our current Class T-R, Class S-R, Class D-R and Class I-R fourth public offering prospectus on file at www.sec.gov. Stockholders can notify us of any changes to their ability to meet the suitability requirements or change their DRIP election by contacting us at Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., Investor Relations, One Tabor Center, 1200 Seventeenth Street, Suite 2900, Denver, Colorado 80202, Telephone: (303) 228-2200. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the three months ended September 30, 2024, of the Company s directors or executive officers adopted or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company s securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any -Rule 10b5-1 arrangement. 

 61 

Table of contents 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Second Articles of Restatement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2024 . 3.2 Tenth Amended and Restated Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2023 . 4.1 Sixth Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2024 . 4.2 Private Distribution Reinvestment Plan. 4.3 Fourth Amended and Restated Share Redemption Program effective as of August 2, 2024. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2024 . 4.4 Statement regarding transfer restrictions, preferences, limitations and rights of holders of shares of common stock (to appear on stock certificate or to be sent upon request and without charge to stockholders issued shares without certificates). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 30 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-252212) filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024. 4.5 Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Procedures. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2024 . 4.6 Multiple Class Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2024 . 10.1 Dealer Manager Agreement, dated August 2, 2024, by and between Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. and Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC. 10.2 Form of Selected Dealer Agreement. 10.3 Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (2024), effective as of August 2, 2024. 10.4 Thirteenth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of AREIT Operating Partnership LP, dated as of August 2, 2024. 10.5 Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2024, among AREIT Operating Partnership LP (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Operating Partnership LP), the Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and Bank of America, N.A, as Administrative Agent. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 99.1 Consent of Altus Group U.S. Inc. 101 The following materials from Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, filed on November 12, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed or furnished herewith. 

 62 

Table of contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. 

November 12, 2024 

 By: 

 /s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR 

Jeffrey W. Taylor Partner, Co-President (Principal Executive Officer) 

November 12, 2024 

 By: 

 /s/ TAYLOR M. PAUL 

Taylor M. Paul Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

63 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 are-20240930xex4d2.htm
 EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 
 PRIVATE DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN This PRIVATE DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN (the Plan is adopted by Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company pursuant to its charter (the Charter ). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Charter. 1. Distribution Reinvestment. As agent for the stockholders (the Stockholders of the Company who elect to participate in the Plan or who are automatically enrolled pursuant to the terms of a subscription for Company shares, the Company will apply all dividends and other distributions declared and paid in respect of the shares of the Company s common stock (the Shares held by each participating Stockholder (the Dividends ), including Dividends paid with respect to any full or fractional Shares acquired under the Plan, to the purchase of additional Shares of the same class or series for such participating Stockholder to which such Dividends are attributable. 
 Additionally, as agent for the holders of partnership units (the OP Units of AREIT Operating Partnership LP (the Partnership who acquire such OP Units as a result of any transaction of the Partnership, and who elect to participate in the Plan (together with the participating Stockholders, the Participants ), the Partnership will apply all distributions declared and paid in respect of the OP Units held by each Participant (the Distributions ), including Distributions paid with respect to any full or fractional OP Units, to the purchase of Shares having the same class or series designation as the applicable class of OP Units for such Participant to which such Distributions are attributable. 2. Effective Date. The effective date of this Plan is August 2, 2024. 
 3. Procedure for Participation. Any Stockholder or holder of OP Units may elect to become a Participant by completing and executing the subscription agreement (which may provide for automatic enrollment unless such Stockholder or holder of OP Units opts out), an enrollment form or any other appropriate authorization form as may be available from the Company, the Partnership, the Dealer Manager or Soliciting Dealer. Participation in the Plan will begin with the next Dividend or Distribution payable after acceptance of a Participant s subscription, enrollment or authorization. Shares will be purchased under the Plan on the date that Dividends or Distributions are paid by the Company or the Partnership, as the case may be. The Company may elect to deny participation in the Plan with respect to a Stockholder or holder of OP Units that resides in a jurisdiction or foreign country where, in the Company s judgment, the burden or expense of compliance with applicable securities laws makes participation impracticable or inadvisable. 
 4. Suitability. Each Participant agrees that if such Participant fails to meet the then current suitability requirements for making an investment in the Company or cannot make the other representations or warranties as set forth in the Company s most recent applicable memorandum or subscription agreement, enrollment form or other authorization form, such Participant will promptly so notify the Company in writing. 
 5. Purchase of Shares. 
 (a) Participants will acquire Shares under this Plan (the Plan Shares from the Company at a price equal to the most recently disclosed transaction price (the Transaction Price ), which will generally be the most recently disclosed monthly net asset value NAV per Share applicable to the class of Shares purchased by the Participant. Although the Transaction Price for Shares of the Company s common stock will generally be based on the most recently disclosed monthly NAV per share, the NAV per share of such stock as of the date on which a Participant s purchase is settled may be significantly different. The Company may offer Shares at a price that it believes reflects the NAV per share of such 

stock more appropriately than the most recently disclosed monthly NAV per share, including by updating a previously disclosed Transaction Price, in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change (positive or negative) to its NAV per Share relative to the most recently disclosed monthly NAV per Share. No selling commissions will be payable with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to this Plan. Participants in the Plan may also purchase fractional Shares so that 100 of the Dividends or Distributions will be used to acquire Shares. However, a Participant will not be able to acquire Plan Shares to the extent that any such purchase would cause such Participant to exceed the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or the Common Share Ownership Limit as set forth in the Charter or otherwise would cause a violation of the Share ownership restrictions set forth in the Charter. 
 (b) Shares to be distributed by the Company in connection with the Plan will be supplied from Shares offered and sold in an offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act. 
 6. Distributions in Cash. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company s board of directors, in its sole discretion, may elect to have any particular Dividend or Distribution paid in cash, without notice to Participants, without suspending this Plan and without affecting the future operation of the Plan with respect to Participants. 
 7. Taxes. IT IS UNDERSTOOD THAT REINVESTMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS DOES NOT RELIEVE A PARTICIPANT OF ANY INCOME TAX LIABILITY WHICH MAY BE PAYABLE ON THE DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING POTENTIAL PARTICIPANT INCOME TAX LIABILITY MAY BE FOUND IN THE PUBLIC FILINGS MADE BY THE COMPANY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 
 8. Share Certificates. The ownership of the Shares purchased through the Plan will be in book-entry form unless and until the Company issues certificates for its outstanding common stock. 
 9. Reports. Within 90 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year, the Company shall provide or cause to be provided to each Stockholder an individualized report on his or her investment, including the purchase date(s), purchase price and number of Shares owned, as well as the dates of Dividend and/or Distribution payments and amounts of Dividends and/or Distributions paid during the prior fiscal year. In addition, the Company shall provide or cause to be provided to each Participant an individualized quarterly report showing the number of Shares owned prior to and after the quarter, the amount of the Dividends and/or Distributions during the quarter and the per share purchase price for such Shares. 
 10. Termination by Participant. A Participant may terminate participation in the Plan at any time, without penalty, by delivering to the Company a written notice. Such notice must be received by the Company at least one business day prior to a distribution date in order for a Participant s termination to be effective for such distribution date (i.e., a termination notice will be effective the day after it is received and will not affect participation in the Plan for any prior date). Any transfer of Shares by a Participant to a non-Participant will terminate participation in the Plan with respect to the transferred Shares. If the Company redeems a portion of a Participant s Shares, the Participant s participation in the Plan with respect to the Participant s Shares that were not redeemed will not be terminated unless the Participant requests such termination pursuant to this Section 10. If the Company intends to list the Shares on a national stock exchange the Plan may be terminated and any balance in a terminating Participant s account that does not reflect a whole number of Shares will be distributed to the terminating Participant in cash. From and after termination of Plan participation for any reason, Dividends and/or Distributions will be distributed to the Stockholder or holder of OP Units in cash. 

11. Amendment or Termination of Plan by the Company. The Board of Directors may by majority vote (including a majority of the Independent Directors) amend the Plan; provided that the Plan cannot be amended to eliminate a Participant s right to terminate participation in the Plan and that notice of any material amendment must be provided to Participants at least 10 days prior to the effective date of that amendment. The Board of Directors may by majority vote (including a majority of the Independent Directors) suspend or terminate the Plan for any reason upon 10 days notice to the Participants. The Company may provide notice under this Section 11 via U.S. mail or other courier, electronic delivery, posting to the Company s website or some combination of the foregoing. 
 12. Liability of the Company. The Company shall not be liable for any act done in good faith, or for any good faith omission to act, including, without limitation, any claims or liability (a) arising out of failure to terminate a Participant s account upon such Participant s death prior to receipt of notice in writing of such death; or (b) with respect to the time and the prices at which Shares are purchased or sold for a Participant s account. To the extent that indemnification may apply to liabilities arising under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of a particular state, the Company has been advised that, in the opinion of the Commission and certain state securities commissioners, such indemnification is contrary to public policy and, therefore, unenforceable. 
 13. Governing Law. The terms and conditions of the Plan and its operation are governed by the laws of the State of Maryland. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 are-20240930xex10d1.htm
 EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 
 DEALER MANAGER AGREEMENT August 2, 2024 Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC 1200 17th Street, Suite 2900 Denver, CO 80202 This Dealer Manager Agreement (this Agreement is entered into by and between Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC (the Dealer Manager ). The Company is offering Class S-PR, Class D-PR and Class I-PR shares of its common stock (the Shares in a private placement offering (the Offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act Regulation D ), on the terms and conditions described in the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Company dated August 2, 2024 (with all exhibits and supplements thereto, and as the same may be amended, revised or supplemented from time to time, the Memorandum ). Subject to Section 14 of this Agreement or as otherwise agreed by the Company and the Dealer Manager, Shares sold through the Dealer Manager are to be sold through the Dealer Manager, as the dealer manager, and the broker-dealers (the Dealers with whom the Dealer Manager has entered into or will enter into a selected dealer agreement substantially in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A or such other form as approved by the Company (each a Selected Dealer Agreement ). Except as otherwise provided in the Memorandum, Shares sold pursuant to the primary portion of the Offering will be sold at a purchase price generally equal to the Company s prior month s net asset value NAV per share applicable to the class of Shares being purchased (as calculated in accordance with the procedures described in the Memorandum), or at a different purchase price made available to investors in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change to the NAV per Share since the end of the prior month (the Transaction Price ), plus in either case any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. For stockholders who participate in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan (the DRIP ), the cash distributions attributable to the class of Shares that each stockholder owns will be automatically invested in additional shares of the same class (the shares acquired pursuant to the DRIP, DRIP Shares ). The DRIP Shares are to be issued and sold to stockholders of the Company at the Transaction Price of the applicable class of Shares on the date that the distribution is payable. Terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Memorandum. Now, therefore, the Company hereby agrees with the Dealer Manager as follows: 1. Representations and Warranties of the Company : The Company represents and warrants to the Dealer Manager and each Dealer participating in the Offering that: 
 a. The Offering has not been and will not be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Shares are to be offered and sold in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act. The Company will use its best efforts to conduct the Offering in compliance with the requirements of Regulation D and will file all appropriate notices of the Offering with the SEC and relevant jurisdictions. 
 b. The Company has been duly and validly organized and formed as a corporation under the laws of the state of Maryland, with the power and authority to conduct its business as described in the Memorandum. 
 
 1 

c. The Memorandum (as amended or supplemented, if applicable), as of its date (or as of the date of any such amendment or supplement, if applicable), does not and will not contain any untrue statements of material facts or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.c. will not extend to such statements contained in or omitted from the Memorandum as are primarily within the knowledge of the Dealer Manager or any of the Dealers and are based upon information furnished by the Dealer Manager in writing to the Company specifically for inclusion therein. 
 d. The Company intends to use the funds received from the sale of the Shares as set forth in the Memorandum. 
 e. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution or delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the issuance and sale by the Company of the Shares, except such as have already been obtained or as may be required under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder or applicable state securities laws. 
 f. Unless otherwise described in the Memorandum, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against the Company at law or in equity or before or by any federal or state commission, regulatory body or administrative agency or other governmental body, domestic or foreign, which will have a material adverse effect on the business or property of the Company. 
 g. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with the terms of this Agreement by the Company will not conflict with or constitute a default under (i) its charter or by-laws, (ii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or lease to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject, or (iii) any rule, regulation, writ, injunction or decree of any government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company, except (1) to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 6 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws, and (2) for such conflicts or defaults that would not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), business, properties or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 h. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the transactions contemplated hereby, except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 6 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws. 
 i. At the time of the issuance of the Shares, the Shares will have been duly authorized and, when issued and sold as contemplated by the Memorandum and the Company s charter, as amended and supplemented, and upon payment therefor as provided by the Memorandum and this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will conform to the description thereof contained in the Memorandum. 
 j. The Company has filed all material federal, state and foreign income tax returns, which have been required to be filed, on or before the due date (taking into account all extensions of time to file) and has paid or provided for the payment of all taxes indicated by said returns and 

 2 

all assessments received by the Company to the extent that such taxes or assessments have become due, except where the Company is contesting such assessments in good faith. 
 
 k. The Company does not intend to conduct its business so as to be an investment company as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and it will exercise reasonable diligence to ensure that it does not become an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 l. Any and all supplemental sales materials prepared by the Company and any of its affiliates (excluding the Dealer Manager) specifically for use with prospective investors in connection with the Offering, when used in conjunction with the Memorandum, did not at the time provided for use, and, as to later provided materials, will not at the time provided for use, include any untrue statement of a material fact nor did they at the time provided for use, or, as to later provided materials, will they, omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when read in conjunction with the Memorandum, not misleading. If at any time any event occurs which is known to the Company as a result of which such supplemental sales materials when used in conjunction with the Memorandum would include an untrue statement of a material fact or, in view of the circumstances under which they were made, omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Dealer Manager thereof. 
 m. None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the Offering, any beneficial owner (as that term is defined under Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered Persons is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event ), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act. The Company has exercised, and during the term of the Offering will continue to exercise, reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person, any Dealer Manager Covered Person (as defined in Section 4.k. below) and any Dealer Covered Person (as defined in Section 4.l. below) is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company will immediately comply, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and will immediately effect the preparation of an amended or supplemented Memorandum that will contain any such required disclosure and will, at no expense to the Dealer Manager, promptly furnish the Dealer Manager with such number of printed copies of such amended or supplemented Memorandum containing any such required disclosure, including any exhibits thereto, as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request. 
 n. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Company Covered Person, Dealer Manager Covered Person or Dealer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares. 
 
 3 

o. With respect to each Company Covered Person, the Company has established procedures reasonably designed to ensure that the Company receives notice from each such Company Covered Person of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to that Company Covered Person, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to that Company Covered Person. 
 p. The representations and warranties in Sections 1.m. through 1.o. are and shall be continuing representations and warranties throughout the term of the Offering. The Company will promptly notify the Dealer Manager in writing upon becoming aware of any fact which makes any such representation or warranty untrue. 
 2. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the Dealer Manager that: 
 a. It will, at no expense to the Dealer Manager, furnish the Dealer Manager with such number of printed copies of the Memorandum, including all amendments and exhibits thereto, as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request. It will similarly furnish to the Dealer Manager and others designated by the Dealer Manager as many copies of the following documents as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request: (a) this Agreement; and (b) any other printed sales literature or other materials (provided that the use of said sales literature and other materials has been first approved for use by the Company and all appropriate regulatory agencies). 
 b. If at any time during the Offering any event occurs as a result of which, in the opinion of either the Company or the Dealer Manager, the Memorandum would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in view of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Dealer Manager thereof (unless the information shall have been received from the Dealer Manager) and will effect the preparation of an amended or supplemented Memorandum which will correct such statement or omission. 
 c. To the extent the Company provides materials to the Dealer Manager specifically for distribution to a Dealer in connection with its due diligence investigation relating to the Offering, such materials, to the knowledge of the Company, will be materially accurate as of the date or dates specified in such materials. 
 d. It will not conduct the Offering or offer or sell any of the Shares by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D. 
 e. It will cause to be prepared, executed and timely filed with the SEC such notices on Form D as are required by Rule 503 of Regulation D and will take all action necessary to comply with Rule 503 of Regulation D, and it will cause to be prepared, executed and timely filed any reports of sale or other filings as may be required under applicable federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 f. The Company will notify the Dealer Manager in writing, promptly upon the occurrence of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person. 
 
 4 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Dealer Manager. The Dealer Manager represents and warrants to the Company that: a. The Dealer Manager has been duly and validly organized and formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Colorado, with the power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder. 
 b. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with the terms of this Agreement by the Dealer Manager will not conflict with or constitute a default under (i) its organizational documents, (ii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or lease to which the Dealer Manager or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Dealer Manager or any of its subsidiaries is subject, or (iii) any rule, regulation, writ, injunction or decree of any government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Dealer Manager, except (1) to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 6 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws, and (2) for such conflicts or defaults that would not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), business, properties or results of operations of the Dealer Manager and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 c. The Dealer Manager is, and during the term of this Agreement will be, duly registered as a broker-dealer pursuant to the provisions of the Exchange Act, a broker-dealer duly registered as such in the State of Colorado, a member in good standing of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ), and a broker or dealer duly registered as such in those states where the Dealer Manager is required to be registered in order to carry out the Offering contemplated by the Memorandum. The Dealer Manager represents that it and its employees and representatives have all required licenses and registrations to act under this Agreement. The Dealer Manager is in compliance with all applicable rules and regulations to which it is subject, including without limitation, those under the Exchange Act and the Rules promulgated by FINRA. 
 d. The information under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Memorandum and all other information furnished to the Company by the Dealer Manager in writing expressly for use in the Memorandum, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any Company-Approved Supplemental Information (as defined in Section 4.c below) does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
 e. The Dealer Manager acknowledges that the Offering is inappropriate for and shall not be used for any form of prospecting, and that the SEC staff has indicated that it believes furnishing copies of a private placement memorandum (or a description of the terms of a security to be privately placed) to lawyers, accountants or other professionals and asking such lawyers, accountants or other professionals to call an offering to the attention of their clients who might be interested or to otherwise facilitate the offering (the Financial Intermediaries may constitute a general solicitation. The Dealer Manager further acknowledges that the use of Financial Intermediaries in this manner is inconsistent with a private placement under Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, and the Dealer Manager covenants that it shall not initiate contact with a Financial Intermediary, other than a registered representative of a registered broker dealer or registered 

 5 

investment adviser, for the purpose of soliciting, directly or indirectly, an offer to participate in the Offering. 
 4. Covenants of the Dealer Manager The Dealer Manager and the Dealers will conduct the Offering in compliance with (i) the private placement procedures set forth in the Memorandum; (ii) the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, including without limitation, Regulation D and, as applicable, Regulation Best Interest; (iii) the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; (iv) all applicable state securities laws; (v) all other state or federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Offering and the sale of Shares and (vi) the Rules and guidelines promulgated by FINRA, including published guidance relating to the avoidance of general solicitation. The Dealer Manager covenants and agrees with the Company that: a. During the course of the Offering, the Dealer Manager will not make any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated or necessary to make any statement, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading, concerning the Offering or any matters set forth in or contemplated by the Memorandum. 
 b. The Dealer Manager shall not use any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D) in making offers of Shares. Without limiting the foregoing, the Dealer Manager will not conduct the Offering or offer or sell the Shares by means of: 
 (i) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication mentioning the Offering or the Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar medium, cold mass mailings, broadcast over television, radio or the internet, or an e-mail message sent to a large number of previously unknown persons; 
 (ii) any seminar or meeting, the attendees of which have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising; or 
 (iii) any letter, circular, notice or other written communication constituting a form of general solicitation or general advertising. 
 c. The Dealer Manager will only use sales materials (other than the Memorandum) the use of which in connection with the Offering has been approved in advance by the Company in writing (the Company-Approved Supplemental Information and will not provide any Company-Approved Supplemental Information to any prospective investor unless such materials were accompanied or preceded by the Memorandum. 
 d. The Dealer Manager will notify the Company in advance in writing of the states in which it or a Dealer plans to offer the Shares. If the Company advises the Dealer Manager in writing that the Shares are not eligible to be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration in, or if the Company (in its sole discretion) otherwise elects not to offer the Shares in, one or more states, the Dealer Manager will immediately cease and desist from offering Shares to persons in such states. 
 e. Until the termination of the Offering, the Dealer Manager shall require the Dealers to provide each prospective investor with a copy of the Memorandum. 
 
 6 

f. Until the termination of the Offering, if the Dealer Manager has been provided with a supplement or amendment to the Memorandum, the Dealer Manager shall deliver such supplement or amendment to the Dealers so that the Dealers can distribute such supplement or amendment to persons who previously received a copy of the Memorandum and include such supplement or amendment in all deliveries of the Memorandum after receipt of any such supplement or amendment. 
 g. The Dealer Manager will not make any oral or written representations on behalf of the Company other than those contained in the Memorandum or Company-Approved Supplemental Information unless the making of such representations has been approved by the Company in writing, nor will the Dealer Manager act as an agent of the Company or for the Company in any other capacity except as expressly set forth herein. 
 h. Except for a Selected Dealer Agreement and placement agreements with participating registered investment advisers, no agreement will be made by the Dealer Manager with any person permitting the resale, repurchase or distribution of any Shares. 
 i. The Dealer Manager will furnish to the Company upon request a complete list of all persons and entities who have received a Memorandum and such parties addresses. 
 j. The Dealer Manager will comply with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations relating to the collection, maintenance and disclosure of non-public information provided by prospective investors in connection with their proposed investment in the Shares. 
 k. The Dealer Manager represents that neither it, nor any of its directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members or other officers participating in the Offering, nor any of the directors, executive officers or other officers participating in the Offering of any such general partner or managing member, nor any other officers, employees or associated persons of the Dealer Manager or any such general partner or managing member that have been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares (each, a Dealer Manager Covered Person and, together, Dealer Manager Covered Persons ), is subject to any Disqualification Event except for a Disqualification Event (i) contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2) of the Securities Act and (ii) a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Company prior to the date hereof. 
 l. The Dealer Manager represents that it is not aware of any person (other than any Company Covered Person, Dealer Manager Covered Person or Dealer Covered Person (as defined in the form of Selected Dealer Agreement attached hereto) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares. The Dealer Manager will notify the Company of any agreement entered into between the Dealer Manager and any such person in connection with such sale. 
 m. The representations, warranties and covenants in Sections 4.k. through 4.l. above are and shall be continuing representations, warranties and covenants throughout the term of the Offering. The Dealer Manager will notify the Company in writing promptly upon the occurrence of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Manager Covered Person not previously disclosed to the Company in accordance with Section 4.k. above, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Manager Covered Person. 
 
 7 

n. If the Dealer Manager receives notification from a Dealer upon the occurrence of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Covered Person not previously disclosed to the Dealer Manager, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Covered Person and in such event, require the Dealer to terminate the Dealer Covered Person or, for Dealer Covered Persons who are not directors or executive officers, no longer permit the Dealer Covered Person to participate in the Offering, the Dealer Manager will notify the Company in writing promptly upon receiving notification from such Dealer of the occurrence of any such event described in this paragraph. 
 o. The Dealer Manager acknowledges that, with respect to each Dealer Manager Covered Person and Dealer Covered Person, the Company is relying upon the representations, covenants and agreements of the Dealer Manager set forth in this Section 4 and the representations, covenants and agreements of the Dealers referred to in this Section 4 as procedures reasonably designed to ensure that the Company receives notice from each such Dealer Manager Covered Person or Dealer Covered Person of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to that Dealer Manager Covered Person or Dealer Covered Person, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to that Dealer Manager Covered Person or Dealer Covered Person. 
 p. The Dealer Manager will provide such certifications, documentation, and other information reasonably requested by the Company from time to time which the Company deems to be necessary or advisable to carry out the exercise of reasonable care under Rule 506(d) and (e) under the Securities Act in connection with the Offering. 
 q. The Dealer Manager shall, and shall cause each Dealer, to offer Shares only to a prospective investor (i) whom the Dealer Manager or Dealer, as applicable, has reasonable grounds to believe, and in fact believes, is an Accredited Investor (as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) and otherwise meets the financial suitability and other purchaser requirements set forth in the Memorandum or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent to it by the Company or the Dealer Manager and (ii) with whom the Dealer Manager or Dealer or an associated person of the Dealer Manager or the Dealer, as applicable, has a pre-existing substantive relationship as such term has been interpreted by the SEC in published guidance (a pre-existing substantive relationship ). During the course of the Offering, the Dealer Manager will comply, and shall direct each Dealer who enters into a Selected Dealer Agreement with the Dealer Manager to comply, with the provisions of all applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors, including without limitation, the provisions of Regulation D, Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act and, if applicable, FINRA Rule 2111 and Regulation Best Interest. The Dealer Manager shall direct each Dealer who enters into a Selected Dealer Agreement with the Dealer Manager to make, or cause to be made, inquiries as required by this Agreement, the Selected Dealer Agreement, the Memorandum, or applicable law of all prospective investors to ascertain whether a purchase of a Share is suitable for the prospective investor. 
 5. Obligations and Compensation of Dealer Manager. a. The Company hereby appoints the Dealer Manager as its agent and principal distributor for the purpose of selling for cash the Shares set forth in the Memorandum through Dealers, all of whom shall be members of FINRA. The Dealer Manager hereby accepts such agency and distributorship and agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares on said terms and conditions set forth in the Memorandum with respect to the Offering and any additional terms or conditions specified in Schedule 1 to this Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 
 8 

b. Promptly after the initial date of the Memorandum, the Dealer Manager and the Dealers shall commence the offering of the Shares in the Offering for cash in jurisdictions in which the Shares are exempt for sale or in which such offering is otherwise permitted. The Dealer Manager and the Dealers will suspend or terminate offering of the Shares upon request of the Company at any time and will resume offering the Shares upon subsequent request of the Company. 
 c. Subject to volume discounts and other special circumstances described in or otherwise provided under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Memorandum, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager selling commissions in connection with sales of Class S-PR shares in the primary portion of the Offering (the Class S-PR Primary Shares and sales of Class D-PR shares in the primary portion of the Offering (the Class D-PR Primary Shares as described in Schedule 1 to this Agreement. The applicable selling commissions payable to the Dealer Manager will be paid substantially concurrently with the execution by the Company of orders submitted by purchasers of Class S-PR Primary Shares and Class D-PR Primary Shares and all or a portion of the selling commissions may be reallowed by the Dealer Manager to the Dealers who sold the Class S-PR Primary Shares or Class D-PR Primary Shares giving rise to such selling commissions, as described more fully in the Selected Dealer Agreement entered into with each such Dealer. 
 d. Subject to special circumstances described in or otherwise provided under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Memorandum, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager dealer manager fees in connection with sales of Class S-PR Primary Shares, as described in Schedule 1 to this Agreement. The applicable dealer manager fees payable to the Dealer Manager will be paid substantially concurrently with the execution by the Company of orders submitted by purchasers of Class S-PR Primary Shares and all or a portion of the dealer manager fees may be reallowed by the Dealer Manager to the Dealers who sold the Class S-PR Primary Shares giving rise to such dealer manager fees, as described more fully in the Selected Dealer Agreement entered into with each such Dealer. 
 e. Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5.f. below, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager a distribution fee with respect to sales of Class S-PR and Class D-PR shares as described in Schedule 1 to this Agreement (the Distribution Fee ). The Company will pay the Distribution Fee to the Dealer Manager monthly in arrears. The Dealer Manager may reallow all or a portion of the Distribution Fee to any Dealers who sold the Class S-PR or Class D-PR shares giving rise to a portion of such Distribution Fee to the extent the Selected Dealer Agreement with such Dealer provides for such a reallowance; provided, however, that upon the date when the Dealer Manager is notified that the Dealer who sold the Class S-PR or Class D-PR shares giving rise to a portion of the Distribution Fee is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to such Class S-PR or Class D-PR shares, then such Dealer s entitlement to the portion of the Distribution Fee related to such Class S-PR and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, shall cease, and beginning on such date, such portion of the Distribution Fee may be reallowed by the Dealer Manager to the then-current broker-dealer of record of the Class S-PR and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, if any such broker-dealer of record has been designated (the Servicing Dealer to the extent such Servicing Dealer has entered into a Selected Dealer Agreement or similar agreement with the Dealer Manager Servicing Agreement and such Selected Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement with the Servicing Dealer provides for such reallowance. The Dealer Manager may also reallow some or all of the Distribution Fee to other broker-dealers who provide services with respect to the Shares who shall be considered additional Servicing Dealers pursuant to a Servicing Agreement with the Dealer Manager to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such reallowance, all in accordance with the terms of such Servicing Agreement. No Distribution Fee is payable with respect to the Class I-PR shares. 

 9 

f. The Dealer Manager will cease receiving the Distribution Fee with respect to individual Class S-PR and Class D-PR shares when they are no longer outstanding, including as a result of conversion to Class I-PR shares described below. Each Class S-PR or Class D-PR share held within a stockholder s account shall automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof convert into a number of Class I-PR shares at the conversion rate set forth in the Memorandum on the earliest of (a) a listing of any shares of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange, (b) the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity in which the Company is not the surviving entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets and (c) the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager in conjunction with the Company s transfer agent determines that the total upfront selling commissions, upfront dealer manager fees and ongoing Distribution Fees paid with respect to all shares of such class held by such stockholder within such account (including shares purchased through a distribution reinvestment plan or received as stock dividends) equals or exceeds the limit, if any, set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a Dealer, provided that the Dealer Manager advises the Company s transfer agent of the limit in writing) of the aggregate purchase price of all shares of such class held by such stockholder within such account and purchased in a primary offering (i.e., an offering other than a distribution reinvestment plan). 
 g. The terms of any reallowance of selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the Distribution Fee shall be set forth in the Selected Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement entered into with the Dealers or Servicing Dealers, as applicable. The Company will not be liable or responsible to any Dealer or Servicing Dealer for direct payment of commissions or any reallowance of the dealer manager fee or Distribution Fee to such Dealer or Servicing Dealer, it being the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Dealer Manager for payment of commissions or any reallowance of the dealer manager fee or Distribution Fee to Dealers and Servicing Dealers. 
 h. In addition to the other items of underwriting compensation set forth in this Section 5, the Company and/or Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC (the Advisor shall reimburse the Dealer Manager for all items of underwriting compensation referenced in the Memorandum, to the extent the Memorandum indicates that they will be paid by the Company or the Advisor, as applicable, to the extent permitted pursuant to prevailing rules and regulations of FINRA. 
 i. In addition to reimbursement as provided under Section 5.h, the Company shall also pay directly or reimburse the Dealer Manager for reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses incurred by any Dealer. The Dealer Manager shall obtain from any Dealer and provide to the Company a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses. 
 j. The Dealer Manager may elect to pay supplemental fees and commissions to certain Dealers and Servicing Dealers with respect to Shares sold in the primary portion of the Offering, which may be paid at the time of sale or over time, provided, however, that the parties acknowledge and agree that such supplemental fees and commissions will not be reimbursed by the Company. 
 k. The Dealer Manager and all Dealers will offer and sell the Shares at the offering prices per share as determined in accordance with the Memorandum. 
 
 10 

6. Indemnification . a. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Dealers and the Dealer Manager, their officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls such Dealer or the Dealer Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such Dealers or the Dealer Manager, their officers and directors, or such controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto or (ii) in any federal or state securities filing or other document executed by the Company or on its behalf specifically for the purpose of exempting any or all of the Shares from the registration requirements under the securities laws of any jurisdiction or based upon written information furnished by the Company under the securities laws thereof (any such filing, document or information being hereinafter called a Filing ), or (b) the omission or alleged omission to state in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any Filing a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or (c) the failure of the Company to comply, through no failure of the Dealer Manager, Dealer or their respective indemnified parties, with any of the applicable provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (including without limitation, Rule 506 of Regulation D), or any other applicable state securities laws, rules or regulations or the private placement procedures set forth in the Memorandum, or (d) the material breach by the Company (through no failure by the Dealer Manager, the Dealer or their respective indemnified parties) of any term, condition, representation, warranty or covenant of the Company set forth in this Agreement, and will reimburse each Dealer or the Dealer Manager, its officers, directors and each such controlling person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Dealer or the Dealer Manager, its officers and directors, or such controlling person in connection with investigating or defending such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of, or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Dealer Manager by or on behalf of any Dealer or the Dealer Manager specifically for use with reference to such Dealer or the Dealer Manager in the preparation of the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto, or any such Filing; and further provided that the Company will not be liable in any such case if it is determined that such Dealer or the Dealer Manager was at fault in connection with the loss, claim, damage, liability or action. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will not indemnify or hold harmless the Dealer Manager, any Dealer or any of their affiliates for liabilities arising from or out of an alleged violation of state or federal securities laws by such party, unless one or more of the following conditions are met: 
 (i) There has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged material securities law violations as to the indemnitee; (ii) Such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the indemnitee; or (iii) A court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority 
 11 

in which the securities were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. b. The Dealer Manager will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each officer and director of the Company, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which any of the aforesaid parties may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto or (ii) any Filing, or (b) the omission or alleged omission to state in the Memorandum, or in any amendment or supplement to the Memorandum, or any Filing, a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Dealer Manager specifically for use with reference to the Dealer Manager in the preparation of the Memorandum or any such amendments or supplements thereto or any such Filing, or (c) any unauthorized use of sales materials or use of unauthorized verbal or written representations concerning the Shares by the Dealer Manager or its representatives or agents (other than a Dealer), or (d) any offers or sales in violation of the private placement procedures set forth in the Memorandum, or (e) the failure of the Dealer Manager to comply, through no failure of the Company or its indemnified parties, with any of the applicable provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (including without limitation, Rule 506 of Regulation D), or any other applicable state securities laws, rules or regulations, or (f) the material breach by the Dealer Manager of any term, condition, representation, warranty or covenant of the Dealer Manager set forth in this Agreement, or (g) the failure of the Dealer Manager to maintain its status as a registered broker-dealer in accordance with the rules of FINRA and any applicable state broker-dealer registration requirements or the violation by the Dealer Manager or any of its principals, managers, members, directors, officers, employees or agents of any requirements, rules or regulations of FINRA or any other state laws, rules or regulations governing the licensing of or acting as a securities broker-dealer, and will reimburse the aforesaid parties, in connection with investigation or defending such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which the Dealer Manager may otherwise have. 
 c. Each Dealer severally will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Dealer Manager and each of their officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Dealer Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which the Company, the Dealer Manager, any such director or officer, or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto, or (ii) in any Filing, or (b) the omission or alleged omission to state in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any Filing a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Dealer Manager by or on behalf of such Dealer specifically for use with reference to such Dealer in the preparation of the Memorandum or any such amendments or supplements 

 12 

thereto or any such Filing, or (c) any unauthorized use of sales materials or use of unauthorized verbal or written representations concerning the Shares by such Dealer or Dealer s representatives or agents in violation of Section VII of the Selected Dealer Agreement or otherwise, or (d) any failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA, federal or state securities laws or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any other state or federal laws and regulations applicable to the Offering or the activities of the Dealer in connection with the Offering (including without limitation Rule 506 of Regulation D), (e) any offers or sales in violation of the private placement procedures set forth in the Memorandum by Dealer or its representatives, employees or agents, or (f) the material breach by the Dealer of any term, condition, representation, warranty or covenant of the Dealer set forth in the Selected Dealer Agreement, or (g) the failure of the Dealer or any of its registered representatives involved with the Offering to maintain their status as a registered broker-dealer or registered representative of the Dealer in accordance with the rules of FINRA and any applicable state broker-dealer registration requirements or the violation by the Dealer or any of its principals, managers, members, directors, officers, employees or agents of any requirements, rules or regulations of FINRA or any other state laws, rules or regulations governing the licensing of or acting as a securities broker-dealer, or (h) the failure by any purchaser of Shares to comply with the investor suitability requirements set forth in the section captioned Who May Invest in the Memorandum, and will reimburse the Company and the Dealer Manager and any such directors or officers, or controlling person, in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which such Dealer may otherwise have. 
 d. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, notify in writing the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof; the omission so to notify the indemnifying party will relieve it from liability under this Section 6 only in the event and to the extent the failure to provide such notice adversely affects the ability to defend such action. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled, to the extent it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to participate in the defense thereof, with separate counsel. Such participation shall not relieve such indemnifying party of the obligation to reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable legal and other expenses (subject to paragraph (e) of this Section 6) incurred by such indemnified party in defending itself, except for such expenses incurred after the indemnifying party has deposited funds sufficient to effect the settlement, with prejudice, of the claim in respect of which indemnity is sought. Any such indemnifying party shall not be liable to any such indemnified party on account of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnifying party. 
 e. The indemnifying party shall pay all legal fees and expenses of the indemnified party in the defense of such claims or actions; provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be obliged to pay legal expenses and fees to more than one law firm in connection with the defense of similar claims arising out of the same alleged acts or omissions giving rise to such claims notwithstanding that such actions or claims are alleged or brought by one or more parties against more than one indemnified party. If such claims or actions are alleged or brought against more than one indemnified party, then the indemnifying party shall only be obliged to reimburse the expenses and fees of the one law firm that has been selected by a majority of the indemnified parties against which such action is finally brought; and in the event a majority of such indemnified parties is unable to agree on which law firm for which expenses or fees will be reimbursable by the indemnifying party, then payment shall be made to the first law firm of record representing an indemnified party against the action or claim. Such law firm shall be paid only to the extent of 

 13 

services performed by such law firm and no reimbursement shall be payable to such law firm on account of legal services performed by another law firm. 
 f. The indemnity agreements contained in this Section 6 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Dealer, or any person controlling any Dealer or by or on behalf of the Company, the Dealer Manager or any officer or director thereof, or by or on behalf of any person controlling the Company or the Dealer Manager, (b) delivery of any Shares and payment therefor, and (c) any termination of this Agreement. A successor of any Dealer or of any of the parties to this Agreement, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity agreements contained in this Section 6. 
 7. Survival of Provisions. a. The respective agreements, representations and warranties of the Company and the Dealer Manager set forth in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Dealer Manager or any Dealer or any person controlling the Dealer Manager or any Dealer or by or on behalf of the Company or any person controlling the Company, and (ii) the acceptance of any payment for the Shares. 
 b. The respective agreements of the Company and the Dealer Manager set forth in Sections 5.c. through 5.k. and Sections 6 through 15 of this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any termination of this Agreement. 
 8. Applicable Law. This Agreement was executed and delivered in, and its validity, interpretation and construction shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Colorado; provided however, that causes of action for violations of federal or state securities laws shall not be governed by this Section 8. Venue for any action brought hereunder shall lie exclusively in Denver, Colorado. 
 9. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart, when executed and delivered, shall be an original contract, but all counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 10. Successors and Amendment. a. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Dealer Manager and the Company and their respective successors. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give to any other person any right, remedy or claim, except as otherwise specifically provided herein. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Dealers to the extent set forth in Sections 1 and 6 hereof. 
 b. This Agreement may be amended by the written agreement of the Dealer Manager and the Company. 
 11. Term and Termination. Any party to this Agreement shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on 60 days written notice or immediately upon notice to the other party in the event that such other party shall have failed to comply with any material provision hereof. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, (a) the Company shall pay to the Dealer Manager all earned but unpaid compensation and reimbursement for all incurred, accountable compensation to which the Dealer Manager is or becomes entitled under 
 14 

Section 5 pursuant to the requirements of that Section 5 at such times as such amounts become payable pursuant to the terms of such Section 5, offset by any losses suffered by the Company or any officer or director of the Company arising from the Dealer Manager s breach of this Agreement or an action that would otherwise give rise to an indemnification claim against the Dealer Manager under Section 6.b. herein, and (b) the Dealer Manager shall promptly deliver to the Company all records and documents in its possession that relate to the Offering and that are not designated as dealer copies. Dealer Manager shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to accomplish an orderly transfer of management of the Offering to a party designated by the Company. 12. Confirmation. The Company hereby agrees and assumes the duty to confirm on its behalf and on behalf of Dealers who sell the Shares all orders for purchase of Shares accepted by the Company. 
 13. Memorandum and Supplemental Information . Dealer Manager agrees that it is not authorized or permitted to give and will not give, any information or make any representation concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Memorandum and any Company-Approved Supplemental Information. For the avoidance of doubt, such Company-Approved Supplemental Information shall not include materials previously approved by the Company for use in the offer and sale of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to prior securities offerings that have been terminated. The Dealer Manager further agrees (a) not to deliver any Company-Approved Supplemental Information to any investor or prospective investor, to any broker-dealer that has not entered into a Selected Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement, or to any representatives or other associated persons of such a broker-dealer, unless it is accompanied or preceded by the Memorandum as amended and supplemented, and (b) not to show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Company and marked dealer only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in 
 connection with the Offering. Dealer Manager, in its agreements with Dealers, will include requirements and obligations of the Dealers similar to those imposed upon the Dealer Manager pursuant to this Section 13. 14. Acting as Dealer and Facilitation of Direct Investments . 
 a. Except where otherwise inconsistent with its rights and duties as Dealer Manager under this Agreement, the Dealer Manager may act as a Dealer with respect to qualified purchasers (as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), who are also accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D). With respect to such activities, except where otherwise inconsistent with its rights and duties as Dealer Manager under this Agreement, all provisions of this Agreement and form of Selected Dealer Agreement attached hereto (as each may be amended from time to time) that are applicable to Dealers shall apply to the Dealer Manager. The Company and the Dealer Manager shall remain subject to all other terms and conditions of this Agreement and, as applicable, the form of Selected Dealer Agreement, with respect to the Dealer Manager s efforts to sell Shares to qualified purchasers. 
 b. In connection with direct investments in Shares by investors who are accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) and are not otherwise represented by a Dealer, the Dealer Manager shall be permitted to have an affiliate of the Dealer Manager that is an SEC-registered FINRA member broker-dealer provide certain administrative and regulatory services in connection with direct subscriptions for Shares by such investors, including, without limitation, the determination that an investment in Shares is suitable for the investor, compliance with Regulation Best Interest or FINRA Rule 2111, to the extent applicable to the particular investor, and the performance of diligence to verify the identity of the investor and compliance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

 15 

15. Suitability of Investors. The Dealer Manager will require that the Dealers offer Shares only to persons who meet the financial qualifications set forth in the Memorandum or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent to it by the Company and will only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in writing that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required and in which the Dealer has all required licenses and registrations to offer Shares in such jurisdictions. In offering Shares, the Dealer Manager will require that the Dealer comply with the rules set forth in the FINRA Manual as well as all other applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors, including without limitation, the provisions of Regulation D, Rule 506(b) promulgated under the Securities Act and FINRA Rule 2111. Dealers will diligently make inquiries as required by the Selected Dealer Agreement, the Memorandum, or applicable law of all prospective investors to ascertain whether a purchase of Shares is suitable for the prospective investor and in connection therewith, and without limiting the foregoing, Dealers have the responsibility to undertake all reasonable investigation, review, and inquiry to ensure that a prospective investor: (a) meets the minimum income and net worth standards established for an investment in the Shares; (b) can reasonably benefit from an investment in the Shares based on the prospective investor s overall investment objectives and portfolio structure; (c) is able to bear the economic risk of the investment based on the prospective investor s overall financial situation; and (d) has apparent understanding of (i) the fundamental risks of the investment; (ii) the risk that the investor may lose the entire investment; (iii) the lack of liquidity of the Shares; (iv) the restrictions on transferability of the Shares; (v) the tax consequences of the investment; and (vi) the background of the Advisor. In determining that a prospective investor meets the above requirements, the Dealers shall rely on relevant information obtained from the prospective investor pertinent to the determination, including the investor s age, investment objectives, investment experiences, income, net worth, financial situation, and other investments, as well as any other factors deemed pertinent by the Dealer. The Dealer Manager will require that the Dealers shall sell the Shares only to those persons who are eligible to purchase such Shares as described in the Memorandum and only through those Dealers who are authorized to sell such Shares. The Dealer Manager, in its agreements with the Dealers, shall require the Dealers to maintain, for at least six years from the date of the sale of Shares, a record of the information obtained to determine that an investor meets the financial qualification and suitability standards imposed on the offer and sale of the Shares. To the extent Shares are offered to investors other than through a Dealer, the obligations of the Dealers set forth in this Section 15 shall become obligations of the Dealer Manager, and the Dealer Manager shall be responsible for ensuring that such offers and sales comply with the obligations set forth in this Section 15; provided, however, that such obligations shall not become obligations of the Dealer Manager in connection with sales to investors referred to the Dealer Manager pursuant to a Referral Agreement as described in Section 14 above. 
 16. Submission of Orders. The Dealer Manager will require each Dealer to comply with the submission of orders procedures set forth in the form of Selected Dealer Agreement attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Dealer Manager may authorize certain Dealers that are 250,000 broker-dealers to instruct their customers to make their checks or wire transfers instruments of payment for Shares subscribed for payable directly to the Dealer or authorize a debit from the customer s account maintained with the Dealer for the amount of Shares subscribed for by the customer. In such case, the Dealer will collect the proceeds of the subscribers instruments of payment and debits and transmit funds to the Company or its designated agent. The procedures for the transmittal of instruments of payment of 250,000 broker-dealers will be set forth in the agreements between the 250,000 broker-dealer and the Dealer Manager. If the Dealer Manager is involved in the distribution process other than through a Dealer, the Dealer Manager will comply with such submission of orders procedures, and will require each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering to complete and execute a subscription eligibility form in the form provided by the Company to the Dealer Manager for use in connection with the Offering (an Eligibility Form and to deliver to the Dealer Manager or as otherwise directed by the Dealer Manager such completed and executed Eligibility Form together with an instrument of payment in the amount of such person s purchase, which must be at least the minimum purchase amount set forth in the 

 16 

Memorandum. Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the Dealer Manager to the Company as soon as practicable, but in any event by the end of the second business day following receipt by the Dealer Manager. If the Dealer Manager receives an Eligibility Form or instrument of payment not conforming to the instructions set forth in the form of Selected Dealer Agreement, the Dealer Manager shall return such Eligibility Form and instrument of payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the next business day following its receipt. Instruments of payment of rejected subscribers will be promptly returned to such subscribers. 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please indicate your acceptance thereof in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement between us as of the date first above written. Very truly yours, ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. By: /s/ Taylor M. Paul Name: Taylor M. Paul Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer By: /s/ Jeffrey W. Taylor Name: Jeffrey W. Taylor Title: Partner, Co-President Accepted and agreed to as of the date first above written: ARES WEALTH MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS, LLC By: /s/ Casey Galligan Name: Casey Galligan Title: Partner, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 17 

Schedule 1 Compensation I. Selling Commissions and Dealer Manager Fees Subject to certain Dealers right to retain selling commissions and dealer manager fees directly from investors, as described in such Dealers Selected Dealer Agreements, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager selling commissions in the amount of up to 3.0 , and dealer manager fees in the amount of up to 1.5 , of the offering price per share of each sale of Class S-PR Primary Shares, provided, however that such amounts may vary for sales through certain Dealers as provided in such Dealers Selected Dealer Agreements, provided that the sum of such selling commissions and dealer manager fees will not exceed 3.5 of the offering price per share. Further, subject to certain Dealers right to retain selling commissions directly from investors, as described in such Dealers Selected Dealer Agreements, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager selling commissions in the amount of up to 1.5 of the offering price per share of each sale of Class D-PR Primary Shares. The Company will not pay to the Dealer Manager any selling commissions or dealer manager fees in respect of the purchase of any Class I-PR shares or DRIP Shares, and will not pay to the Dealer Manager any dealer manager fees in respect of the purchase of any Class D-PR shares. II. Distribution Fee The Company will pay to the Dealer Manager a Distribution Fee with respect to outstanding Class S-PR shares in an amount equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class S-PR shares, consisting of an advisor distribution fee and a dealer distribution fee. The Company expects that the advisor distribution fee will equal 0.65 per annum and the dealer distribution fee will equal 0.20 per annum, of the aggregate NAV for each Class S-PR share; however, with respect to Class S-PR shares sold through certain Dealers, the advisor distribution fee and the dealer distribution fee may be other amounts as set forth in such Dealers Selected Dealer Agreements, provided that the sum of such fees will always equal 0.85 per annum of the NAV of such shares. The Company will pay to the Dealer Manager a Distribution Fee with respect to outstanding Class D-PR shares in an amount equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class D-PR shares. The Company will not pay the Dealer Manager a Distribution Fee with respect to Class I-PR shares. The Distribution Fees will be paid monthly in arrears. 
 18 

EXHIBIT A 

 A-1 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 are-20240930xex10d2.htm
 EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 
 FORM OF SELECTED DEALER AGREEMENT Ladies and Gentlemen: Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC , as the dealer manager (the Dealer Manager for Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company ), a Maryland corporation which has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, invites you (the Dealer to participate in the distribution of shares of common stock of the Company subject to the following terms: I. Dealer Manager Agreement The Dealer Manager has entered into a Dealer Manager Agreement with the Company dated August 2, 2024 (the Dealer Manager Agreement ), attached hereto as Exhibit A . By your acceptance of this Selected Dealer Agreement (this Agreement ), you will become one of the Dealers referred to in the Dealer Manager Agreement and will be entitled and subject to the indemnification provisions contained in such Dealer Manager Agreement, including the indemnification provisions contained in Section 6 of such Dealer Manager Agreement wherein the Dealers severally agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Dealer Manager and each officer and director thereof, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Dealer Manager within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Except as otherwise specifically stated herein, all terms used in this Agreement have the meanings provided in the Dealer Manager Agreement. As described in the Dealer Manager Agreement, the Company is offering Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and Class I-PR shares of its common stock (the Shares in a private placement offering (the Offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act, pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act Regulation D ), on the terms and conditions described in the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Company dated August 2, 2024 (with all exhibits and supplements thereto, and as the same may be amended, revised or supplemented from time to time, the Memorandum ). The Dealer hereby agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares for cash on the terms and conditions stated in the Memorandum. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to make the Dealer an employee, agent, representative or partner of the Dealer Manager or of the Company, and the Dealer is not authorized to act for the Dealer Manager or the Company or to make any representations on their behalf except as set forth in the Memorandum and such other Supplemental Information (as defined in Section VII herein). II. Submission of Orders Each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering will be required to complete and execute a subscription eligibility form provided by the Company to each Dealer for use in connection with the Offering (the Eligibility Form and to deliver to the Dealer such completed and executed Eligibility Form together with a check or wire transfer instrument of payment in the amount of such person s purchase, which must be at least the minimum purchase amount set forth in the Memorandum. Those 

persons who purchase Shares will be instructed by the Dealer to make their instruments of payment payable to or for the benefit of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. Purchase orders which include a completed and executed Eligibility Form in good order and instruments of payment received by the Company at least five (5) business days prior to the first calendar day of the month (unless waived by the Dealer Manager) will be executed as of the first calendar day of the next month (based on the prior month s Transaction Price (defined below) per share of the applicable share). If the Dealer receives an Eligibility Form or instrument of payment not conforming to the foregoing instructions, the Dealer shall return such Eligibility Form and instrument of payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the next business day following its receipt. Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment received by the Dealer which conform to the foregoing instructions shall be transmitted for deposit pursuant to one of the methods described in this Section II. Transmittal of received investor funds will be made in accordance with the following procedures: Where, pursuant to the Dealer s internal supervisory procedures, internal supervisory review is conducted at the same location at which Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment are received from subscribers, Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Dealer for deposit to Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. as set forth in the Eligibility Form or as otherwise directed by the Company. Where, pursuant to the Dealer s internal supervisory procedures, final and internal supervisory review is conducted at a different location, Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Dealer to the office of the Dealer conducting such final internal supervisory review (the Final Review Office ). The Final Review Office will in turn, by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Final Review Office, transmit such Eligibility Forms and instruments of payment for deposit to Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. as set forth in the Eligibility Form or as otherwise directed by the Company. III. Pricing Except as otherwise provided in the Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Shares in the primary portion of the Offering shall generally be offered at an offering price payable in cash equal to the Company s prior month s net asset value NAV per share applicable to the class of shares being purchased (as calculated in accordance with the procedures described in the Memorandum), or at a different purchase price made available to investors in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change to the NAV per Share since the end of the prior month (the Transaction Price ), plus in either case any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. For stockholders who participate in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan DRIP ), the cash distributions attributable to the class of shares that each stockholder owns will be automatically invested in additional shares of the same class at the Transaction Price of the applicable class of Shares. Except as otherwise indicated in the Memorandum or in any letter or memorandum sent to the Dealer by the Company or the Dealer Manager, a minimum initial purchase of 2,500 in Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares is required, and a minimum initial purchase of 1,000,000 (unless waived by the Company) in Class I-PR shares is required, and additional investments of any such shares may be made in cash in minimal increments of at least 500 in such shares except for purchases made pursuant to the DRIP. The Shares are nonassessable. 
 2 

IV. Dealers Compensation Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for completed sales, the Dealer is entitled, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein, to the compensation set forth on Schedule 1 hereto. V. Payment Payments of selling commissions and any other fees due to the Dealer pursuant to this Agreement will be made by the Dealer Manager to the Dealer. Selling commissions and such other fees due to the Dealer pursuant to this Agreement will be paid to the Dealer within 30 days after receipt of such fees by the Dealer Manager. The Dealer may withhold the selling commissions and dealer manager fees, if applicable, to which it is entitled pursuant to this Agreement and the Memorandum if it makes certain representations to the Dealer Manager as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto. The Dealer, in its sole discretion, may authorize the Dealer Manager to deposit selling commissions and any other fees or payments due to it pursuant to this Agreement directly to its bank account. If the Dealer so elects, the Dealer shall provide such deposit authorization and instructions in Schedule 2 to this Agreement. VI. Right to Reject Orders or Cancel Sales All orders, whether initial or additional, are subject to acceptance by and shall only become effective upon confirmation by the Company, which reserves the right to reject any order. Orders not accompanied by an executed Eligibility Form and the required instrument of payment may be rejected. Issuance and delivery of the Shares will be made only after actual receipt of payment therefor. If any check is not paid upon presentment, or if the Company is not in actual receipt of clearinghouse funds or cash, certified or cashier s check or the equivalent in payment for the Shares within 15 days of sale, the Company reserves the right to cancel the sale without notice. In the event an order is rejected, canceled or rescinded for any reason, the Dealer agrees to return to the Dealer Manager any commission and any other fees or payments theretofore paid with respect to such order. VII. Memorandum and Supplemental Information; Compliance with Laws The Dealer is not authorized or permitted to give and will not give, any information or make any representation concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Memorandum and any additional sales literature which has been approved in advance in writing by the Dealer Manager and the Company to supplement the Memorandum and be used in connection with the Offering Supplemental Information ). For the avoidance of doubt, Supplemental Information shall not include materials previously approved by the Dealer Manager for use in the offer and sale of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to prior securities offerings that have been terminated. The Dealer Manager will supply the Dealer with reasonable quantities of the Memorandum, any supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum, as well as any Supplemental Information, for delivery to investors, and the Dealer will deliver a copy of the Memorandum and all supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum to each investor to whom an offer is made prior to or simultaneously with the first solicitation of an offer to sell the Shares to an investor. The Dealer agrees that it will not send or give any supplement to the Memorandum or any Supplemental Information to an investor unless it has previously sent or given the Memorandum and all previous supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum to that investor or has simultaneously sent or given the Memorandum and all previous supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum with such supplement to the Memorandum or Supplemental Information. The Dealer agrees that it will not 
 3 

show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing which is supplied to it by the Dealer Manager and marked dealer only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the Offering. The Dealer agrees that it will not use in connection with the offer or sale of Shares any material or writing which relates to another company supplied to it by the Company or the Dealer Manager bearing a legend which states that such material may not be used in connection with the offer or sale of any securities other than the company to which it relates. The Dealer further agrees that it will not use in connection with the offer or sale of Shares any materials or writings which have not been previously approved by the Dealer Manager in writing. The Dealer agrees, if the Dealer Manager so requests, to furnish a copy of any revised Memorandum to each person to whom it has furnished a copy of any previous Memorandum. On becoming a Dealer, and in offering and selling Shares, the Dealer agrees to comply with all the applicable requirements imposed upon it under (a) the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC promulgated under both such acts, including, without limitation, Regulation D and, as applicable, Regulation Best Interest, (b) all applicable state securities laws and regulations as from time to time in effect, (c) any other state, federal, foreign and other laws and regulations applicable to the Offering, the sale of Shares or the activities of the Dealer pursuant to this Agreement, including without limitation the privacy standards and requirements of state and federal laws, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA ), and the laws governing money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including the applicable rules of the SEC and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ), the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, the USA Patriot Act of 2001 (the PATRIOT Act ), and regulations administered by the Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC at the Department of the Treasury; and (d) this Agreement and the Memorandum. VIII. License and Association Membership The Dealer s acceptance of this Agreement constitutes a representation to the Company and the Dealer Manager that the Dealer is a properly registered or licensed broker-dealer, duly authorized to sell Shares under federal and state securities laws and regulations, and foreign laws, if applicable, and in all states or jurisdictions where it offers or sells Shares, and that it is a member in good standing of FINRA. This Agreement shall automatically terminate if the Dealer ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA. The Dealer agrees to notify the Dealer Manager immediately if the Dealer ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA. The Dealer also hereby agrees to abide by the Rules of FINRA, including FINRA Rules 2040, 2111, and 2121. IX. Limitation of Offer; Suitability The Dealer will offer Shares (both at the time of an initial subscription and at the time of any additional subscription, including initial enrollments and increased participations in the DRIP) only to persons who meet the financial qualifications set forth in the Memorandum or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent to it by the Company or the Dealer Manager and will only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in writing by the Dealer Manager that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required and in which the Dealer has all required licenses and registrations to offer Shares in such jurisdictions. In offering Shares, the Dealer shall comply with the provisions of the Rules set forth in the FINRA Manual, as well as all other applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to relieve Dealer of its suitability obligations under FINRA Rule 2111. The Dealer will sell Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and 
 4 

Class I-PR shares only to the extent approved by the Dealer Manager as set forth on Schedule 1 to this Agreement, and to the extent approved to sell Class S-PR shares, Class D-PR shares and Class I-PR shares pursuant to this Agreement, sell such Shares only to those persons who are eligible to purchase Class S-PR shares, D-PR shares and Class I-PR shares as described in the Memorandum. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to impose upon the Company or the Dealer Manager the responsibility of assuring that prospective investors meet the suitability standards in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Memorandum. The Dealer agrees to comply with the record-keeping requirements imposed by (a) federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and (b) the applicable rules of FINRA. In addition, the Dealer agrees, as required by the Company s charter, to maintain records (the Suitability Records of the information used to determine that an investment in Shares is suitable and appropriate for each subscriber for a period of six years from the date of the sale of the Shares. The Dealer agrees to make the Suitability Records available to the Dealer Manager and the Company upon request and to make them available to representatives of the SEC and FINRA and applicable state securities administrators upon the Dealer s receipt of a subpoena or other appropriate document request from such agency. X. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Dealer The Dealer represents, warrants and covenants to the Company and the Dealer Manager that: (a) The Dealer will conduct the Offering in compliance with (i) the private placement procedures set forth in the Memorandum; (ii) the requirements of the Securities Act, including without limitation, Regulation D; (iii) the requirements of the Exchange Act; (iv) all applicable state securities laws; and (v) the rules and guidelines promulgated by FINRA, including published guidance relating to the avoidance of general solicitation. 
 (b) The Dealer shall not use any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D) in making offers of Shares. Without limiting the foregoing, the Dealer shall not conduct the Offering or offer or sell Shares by means of: 
 i. any advertisement, article, notice or other communication mentioning the Offering or Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar medium, cold mass mailings, broadcast over television, radio or the internet, or an e-mail message sent to a large number of previously unknown persons; ii. any seminar or meeting, the attendees of which have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising; or iii. any letter, circular, notice or other written communication constituting a form of general solicitation or general advertising. 
 (c) The Dealer acknowledges that the Offering is inappropriate for and shall not be used for any form of prospecting, and that the SEC staff has indicated that it believes furnishing copies of a private placement memorandum (or a description of the terms of a security to be privately placed) to lawyers, accountants or other professionals and asking such lawyers, accountants or other professionals to call an offering to the attention of their clients who might be interested or to otherwise facilitate the offering (the Financial Intermediaries may constitute a general solicitation. The Dealer further acknowledges that the use of Financial Intermediaries in this manner is inconsistent with a private placement under Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, and the Dealer covenants that it shall not initiate contact with a Financial Intermediary, other 

 5 

than a registered representative of a registered broker dealer or registered investment adviser, for the purpose of soliciting, directly or indirectly, an offer to participate in the Offering. 
 (d) The Dealer shall offer Shares only to a prospective investor (i) whom the Dealer has reasonable grounds to believe, and in fact believes, is an Accredited Investor (as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) and otherwise meets the financial suitability and other purchaser requirements set forth in the Memorandum; and (ii) with whom the Dealer or an associated person of the Dealer has a pre-existing substantive relationship as such term has been interpreted by the SEC in published guidance (a pre-existing substantive relationship provided, that for six (6) months following the commencement of the Offering, such pre-existing substantive relationship must pre-date the commencement of the Offering. 
 (e) The Dealer shall sell Shares only to a prospective investor who has executed and delivered an Eligibility Form representing and warranting that such investor is an Accredited Investor and satisfies the additional suitability standards set forth in the Memorandum; 
 (f) The Dealer shall not deliver to any offeree any written documents pertaining to the Company or the Shares, other than the Memorandum, or any supplement to the Memorandum, and any Supplemental Information that are supplied to the Dealer by the Dealer Manager specifically for use in connection with the Offering. Without intending to limit the generality of the foregoing, the Dealer shall not deliver to any prospective investor in the Offering any material pertaining to a prior securities offering of the Company that has been terminated. 
 (g) The information, if any, furnished to the Company by the Dealer in writing expressly for use in the Memorandum and/or Supplemental Information does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. During the course of the Offering, the Dealer will not make any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated or necessary to make any statement by the Dealer, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading concerning such Offering or any matters set forth in or contemplated by the Memorandum and Supplemental Information. The Dealer shall immediately bring to the attention of the Company and the Dealer Manager any circumstance or fact which causes the Dealer to believe the Memorandum, the Supplemental Information, or any information supplied by a prospective investor in their Eligibility Form, may be inaccurate or misleading. 
 (h) During the course of the Offering, the Dealer shall comply with the provisions of all applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors, including without limitation, the provisions of Regulation D, Rule 506(b) promulgated under the Securities Act and FINRA Rule 2111. The Dealer will diligently make inquiries as required by this Agreement, the Memorandum, or applicable law of all prospective investors to ascertain whether a purchase of Shares is suitable for the prospective investor. In connection therewith, and without limiting the foregoing, the Dealer shall undertake all reasonable investigation, review, and inquiry to ensure that a prospective investor: (a) meets the minimum income and net worth standards established for an investment in the Shares; (b) can reasonably benefit from an investment in the Shares based on the prospective investor s overall investment objectives and portfolio structure; (c) is able to bear the economic risk of the investment based on the prospective investor s overall financial situation; and (d) has apparent understanding of (i) the fundamental risks of the investment; (ii) the risk that the investor may lose the entire investment; (iii) the lack of liquidity of the Shares; (iv) the restrictions on transferability of the Shares; (v) the tax consequences of the investment; and (vi) the background of the Advisor. In determining that a prospective investor meets the requirements of this Section X(h), the Dealer shall rely on relevant information obtained from the prospective investor pertinent to the determination, including the investor s age, investment objectives, investment experiences, income, net worth, financial situation, and other investments, as well as any other factors deemed pertinent by the Dealer. 

 6 

(i) The Dealer shall make reasonable inquiry to determine whether a prospective investor is acquiring Shares for the prospective investor s own account or on behalf of other persons and not for the purpose of resale or other distribution of the Shares. 
 (j) The Dealer shall ensure that each of the representations and warranties made by each prospective investor to the Company in the Eligibility Form, is, to the Dealer s best knowledge and belief, after due inquiry, true and correct as of the date thereof and as of the date of purchase of the Shares by such investor. 
 (k) The Dealer shall notify the Dealer Manager in advance in writing of the states in which the Dealer plans to offer the Shares. If the Company or the Dealer Manager advises the Dealer that the Shares are not eligible to be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration in, or if the Company (in its sole discretion) otherwise elects not to offer the Shares in, one or more states, the Dealer shall immediately cease and desist from offering Shares to persons in such states. 
 (l) The Dealer shall not take any action in conflict with, or omit to take any action the omission of which would cause the Dealer to be in conflict with, the conditions and requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and other applicable conditions and requirements of Regulation D (or other applicable rule), or applicable state securities laws that would make exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws unavailable with respect to the Offering. 
 (m) The Dealer shall provide the Dealer Manager or the Company with such information relating to the offer and sale of the Shares by it as the Dealer Manager or the Company may from time to time reasonably request or as may be requested to enable the Company to prepare such reports of sale as may be required to be filed under applicable federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (n) The Dealer shall advise each prospective investor of Shares in the Company at the time of the initial offering to such investor that the Company shall, during the course of the Offering and a reasonable time before sale, accord such investor and such investor s agents or representatives, if any, the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the Offering and to obtain any additional information, to the extent possessed or obtainable by the Company without unreasonable effort or expense, that is necessary to verify the accuracy of the information contained in the Memorandum. 
 (o) The Dealer shall furnish to the Dealer Manager and the Company upon request a complete list of all persons and entities who have been offered the Shares by the Dealer and such parties addresses. 
 (p) The Dealer shall not permit (except as expressly contemplated in this Agreement), nor enter into any agreement or arrangement other than this Agreement for, the resale, repurchase or distribution of any Shares. 
 (q) Neither the Dealer, nor any of its directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members or other officers participating in the Offering, nor any of the directors, executive officers or other officers participating in the Offering of any such general partner or managing member, nor any other officers, employees or associated persons of the Dealer or any such general partner or managing member that have been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares (each, a Dealer Covered Person and, together, Dealer Covered Persons ), is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 

 7 

Securities Act (a Disqualification Event ), except for a Disqualification Event (i) contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or Rule 506(d)(2)(iii) of the Securities Act and (ii) a copy of the SEC s determination (in the case of Rule 506(d)(2)(ii)) and a copy of such judgement, order or decree in the case of (Rule 506(d)(2)(iii)) has been furnished in writing to the Dealer Manager prior to the date hereof. 
 (r) The Dealer is not a party to any agreement other than this Agreement regarding the payment (directly or indirectly) of remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the Offering. The Dealer shall notify the Dealer Manager of any such agreement entered into between the Dealer and any other person. 
 (s) The representations and warranties in Sections X (q) and X (r) above are and shall be continuing representations and warranties throughout the term of the Offering. The Dealer shall notify the Dealer Manager in writing promptly upon the occurrence of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Covered Person not previously disclosed to the Company in accordance with Section X (q) above, (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Covered Person and in such event, the Dealer will terminate the Dealer Covered Person or, for Dealer Covered Persons who are not directors or executive officers, no longer permit the Dealer Covered Person to participate in the Offering. 
 (t) The Dealer shall provide to the Dealer Manager or the Company such certifications, documentation and other information as reasonably requested from time to time by the Dealer Manager or the Company as such parties deem necessary or advisable to carry out the exercise of reasonable care under Rule 506(d) and (e) under the Securities Act in connection with the Offering. 
 (u) The Dealer has not, and shall not, pay any compensation, directly or indirectly, whether through the payment or reallowance of commissions, allowances, or otherwise, to any Dealer Covered Person who is subject to a Disqualifying Event. The Dealer has amended all contracts or agreements between the Dealer and Dealer Covered Persons as necessary to comply with this section. 
 
 XI. Representations and Warranties of the Dealer Manager (a) The Dealer Manager represents that neither it, nor any of its directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members or other officers participating in the Offering, nor any of the directors, executive officers or other officers participating in the Offering of any such general partner or managing member, nor any other officers, employees or associated persons of the Dealer Manager or any such general partner or managing member that have been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares (each, a Dealer Manager Covered Person and, together, Dealer Manager Covered Persons ), is subject to any Disqualification Event except for a Disqualification Event (i) contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2) of the Securities Act and (ii) a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Dealer prior to the date hereof. 
 (b) The Dealer Manager shall notify the Dealer in writing promptly upon the occurrence of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Manager Covered Person not previously disclosed to the Dealer in accordance with Section XI(a) above, and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Dealer Manager Covered Person. The Dealer Manager shall also notify the Dealer in writing promptly upon receiving notification from (x) the Company of the occurrence of any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Persons and any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Persons, or (y) any other Dealer of the occurrence of any Disqualification Event relating to any such Dealer s Dealer Covered Persons and any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any such Dealer s Dealer Covered Persons. 

8 

XII. Disclosure Review; Confidentiality of Information The Dealer agrees that it shall have reasonable grounds to believe, based on the information made available to it through the Memorandum or other materials, that all material facts are adequately and accurately disclosed in the Memorandum and provide a basis for evaluating the Shares. In making this determination, the Dealer shall evaluate, at a minimum, items of compensation, physical properties, tax aspects, financial stability and experience of the sponsor, conflicts of interest and risk factors, and appraisals and other pertinent reports. If the Dealer relies upon the results of any inquiry conducted by another member or members of FINRA, the Dealer shall have reasonable grounds to believe that such inquiry was conducted with due care, that the member or members conducting or directing the inquiry consented to the disclosure of the results of the inquiry and that the person who participated in or conducted the inquiry is not the Dealer Manager or a sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor of the Company. The Dealer shall not rely upon the efforts of the Company, the Dealer Manager, or any of their representatives, agents or affiliates, in determining whether the Company or the Dealer Manager has adequately and accurately disclosed all material facts upon which to provide a basis for evaluating Shares to the extent required by federal or state law or FINRA. It is anticipated that (i) the Dealer and the Dealer s officers, directors, managers, employees, owners, members, partners, home office diligence personnel and other agents of the Dealer that are conducting a due diligence inquiry on behalf of the Dealer and (ii) persons or committees, as the case may be, responsible for determining whether the Dealer will participate in the Offering ((i) and (ii) are collectively, the Diligence Personnel either have previously or will in the future have access to certain Confidential Information (defined below) pertaining to the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates. For purposes hereof, Confidential Information shall mean and include: (i) trade secrets concerning the business and affairs of the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates, (ii) confidential data, know-how, current and planned research and development, current and planned methods and processes, marketing lists or strategies, slide presentations, business plans, however documented, belonging to the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates; (iii) information concerning the business and affairs of the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Advisor, or their respective affiliates (including, without limitation, historical financial statements, financial projections and budgets, investment-related information, models, budgets, plans, and market studies, however documented; (iv) any information marked or designated Confidential For Due Diligence Purposes Only and (v) any notes, analysis, compilations, studies, summaries and other material containing or based, in whole or in part, on any information included in the foregoing. The Dealer agrees to keep, and to cause its Diligence Personnel to keep, all such Confidential Information strictly confidential and to not use, distribute or copy the same except in connection with the Dealer s due diligence inquiry. The Dealer agrees to not disclose, and to cause its Diligence Personnel not to disclose, such Confidential Information to the public, or the Dealer s sales staff, financial advisors, or any person involved in selling efforts related to the Offering or to any other third party and agrees not to use the Confidential Information in any manner in the offer and sale of the Shares. The Dealer further agrees to use all reasonable precautions necessary to preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information, including, but not limited to (a) limiting access to such information to persons who have a need to know such information only for the purpose of the Dealer s due diligence inquiry and (b) informing each recipient of such Confidential Information of the Dealer s confidentiality obligation. The Dealer acknowledges that the Dealer or its Diligence Personnel may previously have received Confidential Information in connection with preliminary due diligence on the Company, and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any such previously received Confidential Information. The Dealer acknowledges that the Dealer or its Diligence Personnel may in the future receive Confidential Information either in individual or collective meetings or telephone calls with the Company, or at general Forums sponsored by the Company, and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any 
 9 

Confidential Information received in the future through any source or medium. The Dealer acknowledges the restrictions and limitations of Regulation F-D promulgated by the SEC and agrees that the foregoing restrictions are necessary and appropriate in order for the Company to comply therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) if approved in writing for disclosure by the Company or the Dealer Manager, (b) pursuant to a subpoena or as required by law, or (c) as required by regulation, rule, order or request of any governing or self-regulatory organization (including the SEC or FINRA), provided that the Dealer shall notify the Dealer Manager in advance if practicable under the circumstances of any attempt to obtain Confidential Information pursuant to provisions (b) and (c). XIII. Dealer s Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Rules and Regulations The Dealer acknowledges that investors who purchase Shares through the Dealer are customers of the Dealer and not the Dealer Manager. The Dealer hereby represents that it has complied and will comply with Section 326 of the PATRIOT Act and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder in connection with broker/dealers anti-money laundering obligations (the AML Rules ). The Dealer hereby represents that it has adopted and implemented, and will maintain a written anti-money laundering compliance program AML Program including, without limitation, anti-money laundering policies and procedures relating to customer identification as required by the PATRIOT Act and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In accordance with these applicable laws and regulations and its AML Program, the Dealer agrees to verify the identity of its new customers; to maintain customer records; and to check the names of new customers against government watch lists, including OFAC s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Additionally, the Dealer will monitor account activity to identify patterns of unusual size or volume, geographic factors and any other red flags described in the PATRIOT Act as potential signals of money laundering or terrorist financing. The Dealer will submit to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network any required suspicious activity reports about such activity and further will disclose such activity to applicable federal and state law enforcement when required by law. Upon request by the Dealer Manager at any time, the Dealer hereby agrees to furnish (a) a copy of its AML Program to the Dealer Manager for review, and (b) a copy of the findings and any remedial actions taken in connection with the Dealer s most recent independent testing of its AML Program. The Dealer further understands that, while the Dealer Manager is required to establish and implement an AML Program in accordance with the AML Rules, the Dealer cannot rely on the Dealer Manager s AML Program for purposes of the Dealer s compliance with the AML Rules. The Dealer agrees to notify the Dealer Manager immediately if the Dealer is subject to a FINRA disclosure event or fine from FINRA related to its AML Program. XIV. Privacy . The Dealer agrees as follows: The Dealer agrees to abide by and comply in all respects with (a) the privacy standards and requirements of the GLBA and applicable regulations promulgated thereunder, (b) the privacy standards and requirements of any other applicable federal or state law, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA and (c) its own internal privacy policies and procedures, each as may be amended from time to time. The parties hereto acknowledge that from time to time, the Dealer may share with the Company and the Company may share with the Dealer nonpublic personal information (as defined under the GLBA) of customers of the Dealer. This nonpublic personal information may include, but is not limited to a customer s name, address, telephone number, social security number, account information and personal financial information. The Dealer shall only be granted access to such nonpublic personal 
 10 

information of each of its customers that pertains to the period or periods during which the Dealer served as the broker dealer of record for such customer s account. The Dealer, the Dealer Manager and the Company shall not disclose nonpublic personal information of any customers who have opted out of such disclosures, except (a) to service providers (when necessary and as permitted under the GLBA), (b) to carry out the purposes for which one party discloses such nonpublic personal information to another party under this Agreement (when necessary and as permitted under the GLBA) or (c) as otherwise required by applicable law. Any nonpublic personal information that one party receives from another party shall be subject to the limitations on usage described in this Section XIV. Except as expressly permitted under the FCRA, the Dealer agrees that it shall not disclose any information that would be considered a consumer report under the FCRA. The Dealer shall be responsible for determining which customers have opted out of the disclosure of nonpublic personal information by periodically reviewing and, if necessary, retrieving a list of such customers (the List to identify customers that have exercised their opt-out rights. In the event the Dealer, the Dealer Manager or the Company expects to use or disclose nonpublic personal information of any customer for purposes other than as set forth in this Section XIV, it must first consult the List to determine whether the affected customer has exercised his or her opt-out rights. The use or disclosure of any nonpublic personal information of any customer that is identified on the List as having opted out of such disclosures, except as set forth in this Section XIV, shall be prohibited. The Dealer shall implement reasonable measures designed (a) to assure the security and confidentiality of nonpublic personal information of all customers; (b) to protect such information against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; (c) to protect against unauthorized access to, or use of, such information that could result in material harm to any customer; (d) to protect against unauthorized disclosure of such information to unaffiliated third parties; and (e) to otherwise ensure its compliance with all applicable privacy standards and requirements of federal or state law (including, but not limited to, the GLBA), and any other applicable legal or regulatory requirements. The Dealer further agrees to cause all its agents, representatives, affiliates, subcontractors, or any other party to whom the Dealer provides access to or discloses nonpublic personal information of customers to implement appropriate measures designed to meet the objectives set forth in this Section XIV. XV. Dealer s Undertaking to Not Facilitate a Secondary Market in the Shares The Dealer acknowledges that there is no public trading market for the Shares and that there are limits on the ownership, transferability and redemption of the Shares, which significantly limit the liquidity of an investment in the Shares. The Dealer also acknowledges that the Company s Share Redemption Program (the Program provides only a limited opportunity for investors to have their Shares redeemed by the Company and that the Company s board of directors may, in its sole discretion, amend, suspend, or terminate the Program at any time in accordance with the terms of the Program. The Dealer further acknowledges that the Company is obligated to immediately terminate the Program if the Shares are listed on a national securities exchange or if a secondary market in the Shares is otherwise established. The Dealer hereby agrees not to engage in any action or transaction that would facilitate or otherwise create the appearance of a secondary market in the Shares without the prior written approval of the Dealer Manager. XVI. Arbitration Any dispute, controversy or claim arising between the parties relating to this Agreement (whether such dispute arises under any federal, state or local statute or regulation, or at common law), shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration administered in accordance with the then current Commercial 
 11 

Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA ). Any matter to be settled by arbitration shall be submitted to the AAA in Denver, Colorado, which shall be the exclusive venue for any such dispute and the parties agree to abide by all awards rendered in such proceedings. The parties shall attempt to designate one arbitrator from the AAA, but if they are unable to do so, then the AAA shall designate an arbitrator. Any arbitrator selected by the parties or the AAA shall be a qualified person who has experience with complex real estate disputes. The arbitration shall be final, binding, and enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction . The parties agree that upon application pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Arbitration Act 9 USC 1 et seq. the court shall enter judgment upon an award made pursuant to an arbitration under this Agreement . The Dealer agrees that the Company or the Dealer Manager may file an action to enjoin the Dealer from pursuing any dispute, controversy or claim arising between the parties relating to the Agreement in any forum or venue other than that specified in this Agreement Suit for Injunctive Relief ). The exclusive venue for any Suit for Injunctive Relief, Motion to Confirm, Motion to Modify, or Motion to Vacate an award made under this agreement shall be the United States District Court for the District of Colorado, Denver Division. In the event the United States District Court for the District of Colorado does not have subject matter jurisdiction then such exclusive jurisdiction shall be in the District Court of Denver County, Colorado. The Dealer agrees that it is expressly waiving its right to have any dispute arising out of or related to the Agreement heard before a FINRA arbitration panel or pursuant to the FINRA Code of Arbitration Procedure. The Dealer hereby consents to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of Colorado, Denver Division and the District Court of Denver County, Colorado for purposes of this Agreement and waives any right to challenge the exercise of personal jurisdiction or venue in connection with any action brought pursuant to this Agreement. This arbitration provision shall be binding upon the past, present, and future agents, employees, and representatives of the parties. XVII. Termination The Dealer will suspend or terminate its offer and sale of Shares upon the request of the Company or the Dealer Manager at any time and will resume its offer and sale of Shares hereunder upon subsequent request of the Company or the Dealer Manager. Any party may terminate this Agreement by written notice. Such termination shall be effective 48 hours after the mailing of such notice. This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, if any, between the parties hereto. This Agreement may be amended at any time by the Dealer Manager by written notice to the Dealer, and any such amendment shall be deemed accepted by the Dealer at such time as the Dealer places an order for sale of Shares after the Dealer has received such notice. The respective agreements and obligations of the Dealer Manager and the Dealer set forth in Sections IV, VI, VII, and XVI through XIX of this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement. XVIII. Notice All notices will be in writing and will be duly given to the Dealer Manager when mailed to 1200 17 th Street, Suite 2900, Denver, Colorado 80202, and to the Dealer when mailed to the address specified by the Dealer herein. 
 12 

XIX. Attorney s Fees and Applicable Law In any action to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or to secure damages for its breach, the prevailing party shall recover its costs and reasonable attorney s fees. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Colorado and shall take effect when signed by the Dealer and countersigned by the Dealer Manager. Venue for any action (including arbitration) shall lie exclusively in Denver, Colorado. 
 13 

THE DEALER MANAGER ARES WEALTH MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS, LLC By: Signature Name: Title: Date: 
 
 I-1 

We have read the foregoing Agreement and we hereby accept and agree to the terms and conditions therein set forth. We hereby represent that the list below of jurisdictions in which we are registered or licensed as a broker or dealer and are fully authorized to sell securities is true and correct, and we agree to advise you of any change in such list during the term of this Agreement. 1. Identity of Selected Dealer 
 Company Name: Type of entity: (Corporation, Partnership or Proprietorship) Organized in the State of: Licensed as broker dealer all States: Yes No If no, list all States licensed as broker dealer: Tax ID #: 
 
 2. Person To Receive Notices Delivered Pursuant To Section XVIII: 
 Name: Company: Address: City, State and Zip: Telephone: Fax: Email: 
 AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY THE DEALER: (Dealer s Firm Name) By: Signature Name: Title: Date: 

 I-2 

SCHEDULE 1 TO SELECTED DEALER AGREEMENT WITH ARES WEALTH MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS, LLC NAME OF ISSUER : ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. NAME OF PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER : SCHEDULE 1 TO AGREEMENT DATED : The following reflects the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Distribution Fees as agreed upon between the Dealer Manager and the Dealer, effective as of the effective date of the Selected Dealer Agreement (the Agreement between the Dealer Manager and the Dealer in connection with the Offering of Shares of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company ). Upfront Selling Commissions and Dealer Manager Fees . Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for completed sales (as defined below) by the Dealer of Class S-PR Primary Shares and Class D-PR Primary Shares that the Dealer is authorized to sell and for services rendered by the Dealer hereunder, the Dealer Manager shall reallow to the Dealer an upfront selling commission in an amount up to the percentage of the offering price per share set forth under Share Class Election in this Schedule 1 on such completed sales of Class S-PR Primary Shares and Class D-PR Primary Shares, as applicable, by the Dealer. The Dealer shall not receive selling commissions for sales of any DRIP shares, or for sales of any Class I-PR shares, whether in the primary offering or pursuant to the DRIP. For purposes of this Schedule 1 , a completed sale shall occur if and only if a transaction has closed with a subscriber for Shares pursuant to all applicable offering and subscription documents, payment for the Shares has been received by the Company in full in the manner provided in Section II of the Agreement, the Company has accepted the Eligibility Form of such subscriber and the Company has thereafter distributed the selling commission and dealer manager fee, as applicable, to the Dealer Manager in connection with such transaction. Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for completed sales by the Dealer of Class S-PR Primary Shares that the Dealer is authorized to sell and for services rendered by the Dealer hereunder, the Dealer Manager shall reallow to the Dealer a dealer manager fee in an amount up to the percentage set forth below of the offering price per share on such completed sales of Class S-PR Primary Shares by the Dealer. The Dealer shall not receive dealer manager fees for sales of any DRIP Shares, or for sales of any Class D-PR shares or Class I-PR shares, whether in the primary offering or pursuant to the DRIP. The Dealer may withhold the selling commissions and dealer manager fees, if applicable, to which it is entitled pursuant to the Agreement, this Schedule 1 and the Memorandum from the purchase price for the Shares in the Offering and forward the balance to the Company or its agent as set forth in the Eligibility Form if it represents to the Dealer Manager that: (i) the Dealer is legally permitted to do so; and (ii) (A) the Dealer meets all applicable net capital requirements under the rules of FINRA or other applicable rules regarding such an arrangement; (B) the Dealer has forwarded the Eligibility Form to the 
 I-3 

Company or its agent within the time required under Section II, and received the Company s written acceptance of the subscription prior to forwarding the purchase price for the Shares, net of the selling commissions and dealer manager fees, if applicable, to which the Dealer is entitled, to the Company or its agent; and (C) the Dealer has verified that there are sufficient funds in the investor s account with the Dealer to cover the entire cost of the subscription. The Dealer shall wire such subscription funds to the Company or its agent as set forth in the Eligibility Form by the end of the second business day following the Company s acceptance of the subscription. The Dealer shall be responsible for implementing the volume discounts and other special circumstances described in or as otherwise provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum. Requests to combine purchase orders of Class S-PR shares as a part of a combined order for the purpose of qualifying for discounts as described in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum must be made in writing by the Dealer, and any resulting reduction in selling commissions will be prorated among the separate subscribers. Terms and Conditions of the Distribution Fees . The payment of the Distribution Fee to the Dealer is subject to terms and conditions set forth herein and the Memorandum as may be amended or supplemented from time to time. If the Dealer elects to sell Class S-PR shares and/or Class D-PR shares, eligibility to receive the Distribution Fee with respect to the Class S-PR shares and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, sold by the Dealer is conditioned upon the Dealer acting as broker-dealer of record with respect to such Shares. The Dealer hereby represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Distribution Fee that it complies with the above requirement. The Dealer agrees to promptly notify the Dealer Manager if it is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to some or all of the Class S-PR shares or Class D-PR shares giving rise to such Distribution Fees. Subject to the conditions described herein, the Dealer Manager will reallow to the Dealer the Distribution Fee in an amount described below, on Class S-PR shares or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, sold by the Dealer. To the extent payable, the Distribution Fee will be payable monthly in arrears as provided in the Memorandum. All determinations regarding the total amount and rate of reallowance of the Distribution Fee, the Dealer s compliance with the listed conditions, and/or the portion retained by the Dealer Manager will be made by the Dealer Manager in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the terms of the Memorandum, upon the date when the Dealer Manager is notified that the Dealer is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to such Class S-PR shares or Class D-PR shares, then the Dealer s entitlement to the Distribution Fees related to such Class S-PR shares and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, shall cease, and the Dealer shall not receive the Distribution Fee for any portion of the month in which the Dealer is not the broker dealer of record on the last day of the month; provided, however, if the change in the broker dealer of record with respect to such Class S-PR shares or Class D-PR shares is made in connection with a change in the registration of record for such Class S-PR shares or Class D-PR shares on the Company s books and records (including, but not limited to, a re-registration due to a sale or a transfer or a change in the form of ownership of the account), then the Dealer shall be entitled to a pro rata portion of the Distribution Fees related to such Class S-PR shares and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, for the portion of the month for which the Dealer was the broker dealer of record. Thereafter, such Distribution Fees may be reallowed to the then-current broker-dealer of record of the Class S-PR shares and/or Class D-PR shares, as applicable, if any such broker-dealer of record has 
 I-4 

been designated (the Servicing Dealer ), to the extent such Servicing Dealer has entered into a Selected Dealer Agreement or similar agreement with the Dealer Manager Servicing Agreement and such Selected Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement with the Servicing Dealer provides for such reallowance. In this regard, all determinations will be made by the Dealer Manager in good faith in its sole discretion. The Dealer is not entitled to any Distribution Fee with respect to Class I-PR shares. The Dealer Manager may also reallow some or all of the Distribution Fee to other broker-dealers who provide services with respect to the Shares (who shall be considered additional Servicing Dealers) pursuant to a Servicing Agreement with the Dealer Manager to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such reallowance and such additional Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance, in accordance with the terms of such Servicing Agreement. The Company and the Dealer Manager will cease paying the Distribution Fee with respect to individual Class S-PR shares and Class D-PR shares when they are no longer outstanding, including as a result of conversion to Class I-PR shares described below. Each Class S-PR share or Class D-PR share held within a stockholder s account shall automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof convert into a number of Class I-PR shares at the Applicable Conversion Rate set forth in the Memorandum on the earliest of (a) a listing of any shares of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange, and (b) the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity in which the Company is not the surviving entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. General Selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Distribution Fees due to the Dealer pursuant to this Agreement will be paid to the Dealer within 30 days after receipt of such fees by the Dealer Manager. The Dealer, in its sole discretion, may authorize the Dealer Manager to deposit selling commissions, dealer manager fees, Distribution Fees or other payments due to it pursuant to this Agreement directly to its bank account. If the Dealer so elects, the Dealer shall provide such deposit authorization and instructions in Schedule 2 to this Agreement. The parties hereby agree that the foregoing selling commissions and reallowed dealer manager fees and Distribution Fee are not in excess of the usual and customary distributors or sellers commission received in the sale of securities similar to the Shares, that the Dealer s interest in the Offering is limited to such selling commissions and reallowed dealer manager fees and Distribution Fee, as applicable, from the Dealer Manager and the Dealer s indemnity referred to in Section 6 of the Dealer Manager Agreement, and that the Company is not liable or responsible for the direct payment of such selling commissions and reallowed dealer manager fees and Distribution Fee to the Dealer. Except as otherwise described under Upfront Selling Commissions and Dealer Manager Fees above, the Dealer waives any and all rights to receive compensation, including the dealer manager fees and Distribution Fee, until it is paid to and received by the Dealer Manager. The Dealer acknowledges and agrees that, if the Company pays selling commissions, dealer manager fees or Distribution Fees, as applicable, to the Dealer Manager, the Company is relieved of any obligation for selling commissions, dealer manager fees or Distribution Fees, as applicable, to the Dealer. The Company may rely on and use the preceding acknowledgement as a defense against any claim by the Dealer for selling commissions, dealer manager fees or Distribution Fees, as applicable, the Company pays to the Dealer Manager but that the Dealer Manager fails to remit to the Dealer. The Dealer affirms that the Dealer Manager s liability for selling commissions and dealer manager fees payable and the Distribution Fee is limited solely to the proceeds of selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the Distribution Fee, as applicable, received by the Dealer Manager from the Company associated with the Dealer s sale of the applicable Shares, and the 
 I-5 

Dealer hereby waives any and all rights to receive payment of selling commissions or any reallowance of dealer manager fees or the Distribution Fee, as applicable, due until such time as the Dealer Manager is in receipt of the selling commission, dealer manager fee or Distribution Fee, as applicable, from the Company. Notwithstanding the above, the Dealer affirms that, to the extent the Dealer retains selling commissions and/or dealer manager fees as described above under Upfront Selling Commissions and Dealer Manager Fees, neither the Company nor the Dealer Manager shall have liability for selling commissions or dealer manager fees payable to the Dealer, and that the Dealer is solely responsible for retaining the selling commissions and dealer manager fees, as applicable, due to the Dealer from the subscription funds received by the Dealer from its customers for the purchase of Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Due Diligence In addition, as set forth in the Memorandum, the Dealer Manager or, in certain cases at the option of the Company, the Company, will pay or reimburse the Dealer for reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses incurred by the Dealer in connection with the Offering. Such due diligence expenses may include travel, lodging, meals and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Dealer and its personnel when visiting the Company s offices or properties to verify information relating to the Company or its properties. The Dealer shall provide a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses and shall obtain the prior written approval from the Dealer Manager for such expenses, and no such expenses shall be reimbursed absent a detailed and itemized invoice. All such reimbursements will be made in accordance with, and subject to the restrictions and limitations imposed under the Memorandum, FINRA rules and other applicable laws and regulations. Share Class Election CHECK EACH APPLICABLE BOX BELOW IF THE DEALER ELECTS TO PARTICIPATE IN THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE LISTED SHARE CLASS Class S-PR Shares Class D-PR Shares Class I-PR Shares The following reflects the selling commission, dealer manager fee and/or the Distribution Fee as agreed upon between the Dealer Manager and the Dealer for the applicable Share class. Class S-PR Shares ________ (Initials) Upfront Selling Commission of up to 3.0 of the offering price per Class S-PR share sold in the primary offering Please insert Dealer s upfront selling commission percentage: ______ Total selling commissions and dealer manager fees may not exceed 3.5 . By initialing here, the Dealer hereby agrees to the terms of the Agreement and this Schedule 1 with respect to the Class S-PR shares. 

 I-6 

________ (Initials) Upfront Dealer Manager Fee of up to 1.5 of the offering price per Class S-PR share sold in the primary offering Please insert Dealer s upfront dealer manager fee percentage: ____ Total selling commissions and dealer manager fees may not exceed 3.5 . By initialing here, the Dealer hereby agrees to the terms of the Agreement and this Schedule 1 with respect to the Class S-PR shares. ________ (Initials) Distribution Fee of 0.85 (Annualized Rate) of aggregate NAV of outstanding Class S-PR shares, consisting of an advisor Distribution Fee of [0.65] (Annualized Rate), and a dealer Distribution Fee of [0.20] (Annualized Rate), of the aggregate NAV of outstanding Class S-PR shares. By initialing here, the Dealer agrees to the terms of eligibility for the Distribution Fee set forth in this Schedule 1 . Should the Dealer choose to opt out of this provision, it will not be eligible to receive the Distribution Fee and initialing is not necessary. The Dealer represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Distribution Fee that it complies with each of the above requirements. Class D-PR Shares ________ (Initials) Upfront Selling Commission of up to 1.5 of the offering price per Class D-PR share sold in the primary offering Please insert Dealer s upfront selling commission percentage: ____ By initialing here, the Dealer hereby agrees to the terms of the Agreement and this Schedule 1 with respect to the Class D-PR shares. ________ (Initials) Distribution Fee of 0.25 (Annualized Rate) of aggregate NAV of outstanding Class D-PR shares By initialing here, the Dealer agrees to the terms of eligibility for the Distribution Fee set forth in this Schedule 1 . Should the Dealer choose to opt out of this provision, it will not be eligible to receive the Distribution Fee and initialing is not necessary. The Dealer represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Distribution Fee that it complies with each of the above requirements. 
 Subject to discounts described in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum. 
 I-7 

DEALER MANAGER ARES WEALTH MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS, LLC By: _________________________________________ Name: __________________________________ Title: ___________________________________ 

DEALER __________________________________________ (Print Name of Dealer) By: __________________________________________ Name: _____________________________________ Title: _____________________________________ 
 
 I-8 

SCHEDULE 2 TO SELECTED DEALER AGREEMENT WITH ARES WEALTH MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS, LLC NAME OF ISSUER : ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. NAME OF DEALER : SCHEDULE 2 TO AGREEMENT DATED : The Dealer hereby authorizes the Dealer Manager or its agent to deposit upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees, distribution fees, reallowances and other payments due to it pursuant to the Selected Dealer Agreement in the manner specified below. This authority will remain in force until the Dealer notifies the Dealer Manager in writing to cancel it. In the event that the Dealer Manager deposits funds erroneously into the Dealer s account, the Dealer Manager is authorized to debit the account with no prior notice to the Dealer for an amount not to exceed the amount of the erroneous deposit. Payment Type Upfront Selling Commissions/Dealer Manager Fees Distribution Fees Other If there are different instructions for each payment type, please complete a separate form for each payment instruction. Payment Method Check Mailing Address:___________________________ Attention:_________________________________ City:________________ State: __________ Zip: ____________ ACH ABA Number:________________________________ Bank Name:__________________________________ Account Number:______________________________ Reference: _____________________________________ Mailing Address:_________________________________ City:___________________ State:________________ Zip:_____________ 
 II-1 

Payment Backup Hard Copy Mail to address listed above Mail to a different address: Mailing address: __________________________________________ City:_________________ State:______________ Zip:_____________ Internet Dealer Commission (IDC) Please go to www.dstidc.com to sign up for access to commission files. If you have any questions regarding commissions, please contact Amber Wallner at 303.226.4856. 
 II-2 

Exhibit A 

 A-1 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 5
 are-20240930xex10d3.htm
 EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT (2024) among ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC., AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP and ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT LLC 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. DEFINITIONS 1 
 2. APPOINTMENT 10 
 3. DUTIES OF THE ADVISOR 10 
 4. AUTHORITY OF ADVISOR 16 
 5. BANK ACCOUNTS 16 
 6. RECORDS; ACCESS 17 
 7. LIMITATIONS ON ACTIVITIES 17 
 8. RELATIONSHIP WITH DIRECTORS 17 
 9. FEES 17 
 10. EXPENSES 21 
 11. OTHER SERVICES 23 
 12. REIMBURSEMENT TO THE ADVISOR 24 
 13. OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE ADVISOR. 24 
 14. TERM; TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT 25 
 15. TERMINATION BY THE PARTIES 25 
 16. ASSIGNMENT 25 
 17. PAYMENTS TO AND DUTIES OF ADVISOR UPON TERMINATION 26 
 18. INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY AND THE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP 27 
 19. INDEMNIFICATION BY ADVISOR 28 
 20. NOTICES 28 
 21. MODIFICATION 29 
 22. SEVERABILITY 29 
 23. CONSTRUCTION 29 

 i 

24. ENTIRE AGREEMENT 29 
 25. INDULGENCES, NOT WAIVERS 29 
 26. GENDER 30 
 27. TITLES NOT TO AFFECT INTERPRETATION 30 
 28. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS 30 
 29. INITIAL INVESTMENT 30 
 
 ii 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT (2024) THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT (2024) (this Agreement ), dated and effective as of August 2, 2024, is among Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ), and Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Advisor ). W I T N E S S E T H WHEREAS, the Company has qualified as a REIT (as defined below), and invests its funds in investments permitted by the terms of Sections 856 through 860 of the Code (as defined below); WHEREAS, the Company is the general partner of the Operating Partnership and conducts all its business and makes all investments in Real Properties, Real Estate Related Securities, and Debt Investments through the Operating Partnership; WHEREAS, the Company and the Operating Partnership desire to avail themselves of the experience, sources of information, advice, assistance and certain facilities of the Advisor and to have the Advisor undertake the duties and responsibilities hereinafter set forth, on behalf of, and subject to the supervision, of the Board of Directors of the Company all as provided herein; WHEREAS, the Advisor is willing to undertake to render such services, subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; WHEREAS, the Company, the Operating Partnership and the Advisor entered into that certain Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (2024), dated as of April 30, 2024 (the Prior Agreement WHEREAS, the parties hereto now wish to amend and restate the Prior Agreement in its entirety. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the definitions hereinafter indicated: 
 Acquisition Expenses . Any and all expenses, exclusive of Acquisition Fees, incurred by the Company, the Operating Partnership, the Advisor, or any of their Affiliates in connection with the selection, acquisition or development of any Real Property, Real Estate Related Security or Debt Investment, whether or not acquired, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, travel and communications expenses, costs of appraisals, nonrefundable option payments on property not acquired, accounting fees and expenses, title insurance premiums, and the costs of performing due diligence. 
 1 

Acquisition Fees . Any and all fees and commissions, exclusive of Acquisition Expenses, paid by any Person to any other Person (including any fees or commissions paid by or to any Affiliate of the Company, the Operating Partnership or the Advisor) in connection with making or investing in Debt Investments or the purchase, development or construction of a Real Property, including real estate commissions, selection fees, development fees, construction fees, nonrecurring management fees, loan fees, points or any other fees of a similar nature. Excluded shall be development fees and construction fees paid to any Person not affiliated with the Sponsor in connection with the actual development and construction of a project. Advisor . Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, any successor advisor to the Company, the Operating Partnership or any person or entity to which Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC or any successor advisor subcontracts substantially all of its functions. Notwithstanding the forgoing, a Person hired or retained by Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC to perform property and securities management and related services for the Company or the Operating Partnership that is not hired or retained to perform substantially all of the functions of Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC with respect to the Company or the Operating Partnership as a whole shall not be deemed to be an Advisor. Advisory Fee . The fee payable to the Advisor pursuant to Section 9(b). Affiliate or Affiliated . With respect to any Person, (i) any Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling or holding, with the power to vote, ten percent (10 or more of the outstanding voting securities of such other Person; (ii) any Person ten percent (10 or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such other Person; (iii) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such other Person; (iv) any executive officer, director, trustee or general partner of such other Person; and (v) any legal entity for which such Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee or general partner. Annual Total Return Amount . The overall investment return, expressed as a dollar amount per OP Unit, which shall be equal to the sum of (1) the Weighted-Average Distributions per OP Unit over the applicable period, and (2) the Ending VPU, adjusted to remove the negative impact on the overall investment return from the payment or the obligation to pay, or distribute, as applicable, the Performance Component and Class-Specific Fees, less the Beginning VPU. Articles of Incorporation . The Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended from time to time. Average Invested Assets . For a specified period, the average of the aggregate book value of the assets of the Company invested, directly or indirectly, in Real Estate Related Securities, Debt Investments and Real Properties, before deducting depreciation, bad debts or other non-cash reserves, computed by taking the average of such values at the end of each month during such period. Beginning VPU . The VPU determined as of the end of the most recent month prior to the commencement of the applicable period. 
 2 

Board of Directors or Board . The persons holding such office, as of any particular time, under the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, whether they be the Directors named therein or additional or successor Directors. Bylaws . The bylaws of the Company, as the same are in effect from time to time. Cause . With respect to the termination of this Agreement, fraud, criminal conduct, willful misconduct or willful or negligent breach of fiduciary duty by the Advisor, or an uncured material breach of this Agreement by the Advisor. Class E Unit . An OP Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of Class E Units as provided in the Operating Partnership Agreement. Class-Specific Fees . Any Distribution Fee expenses accrued or allocated directly or indirectly to a particular class of OP Units or Shares. Code . Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. Reference to any provision of the Code shall mean such provision as in effect from time to time, as the same may be amended, and any successor provision thereto, as interpreted by any applicable regulations as in effect from time to time. Commercial Real Property . A Real Property other than a Multifamily Real Property. Company . Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. Company Property . Any and all property, real, personal or otherwise, tangible or intangible, which is transferred or conveyed to the Company (including all rents, income, profits and gains therefrom), and which is owned or held by, or for the account of, the Company. Debt Investments . The debt related investments, or such investments the Board of Directors and the Advisor mutually designate as debt related investments, which are owned from time to time by the Company or the Operating Partnership; such debt related investments include, but are not limited to, mortgage loans, B-notes, mezzanine debt, participating debt (including with equity-like features), non-traded preferred equity, convertible debt, hybrid instruments, equity instruments and other related investments. Director . A member of the Board of Directors of the Company. Disposition Expenses . Any and all expenses incurred by the Company, the Operating Partnership, the Advisor, or any of their Affiliates in connection with the disposition of any Real Property, Real Estate Related Security or Debt Investment, whether or not finally sold, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, travel and communications expenses and accounting fees and expenses. Distribution Fees . Any ongoing distribution fees, dealer manager fees or similar fees (as distinguished from up-front or one-time selling commissions and dealer manager fees) payable pursuant to the then-current dealer manager agreement between the Company and Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC. 
 3 

Distributions . Any distributions of money or other property by the Company to owners of Shares, including distributions that may constitute a return of capital for federal income tax purposes. DST Properties . Real properties that meet the following criteria: (i) tenancy-in-common or Delaware statutory trust beneficial interests in such properties have been sold by the Company or any Affiliate to third party investors and (ii) such properties are being leased by the Company or any Affiliate from the tenancy-in-common or Delaware statutory trust third party investors. DST Property Consideration . The consideration received by the Company or any Affiliate for selling tenancy-in-common or Delaware statutory trust beneficial interests in DST Properties to third party investors, net of DST Up Front Fees. DST Up Front Fees . Up front fees and expense reimbursements payable out of gross sale proceeds from the sale of tenancy-in-common or Delaware statutory trust beneficial interests in DST Properties, including but not limited to sales commissions, dealer manager fees and non-accountable expense allowances. Ending VPU . The VPU as of the end of the last month in the applicable period. Equity Shares . Transferable shares of beneficial interest of the Company of any class or series, including common shares or preferred shares. Excess Amount . Excess Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 12. Expense Year . Expense Year has the meaning set forth in Section 12. Fixed Component . The non-variable component of the Advisory Fee as described in Section 9. GAAP . Generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America from time to time. Good Reason . With respect to the termination of this Agreement, (i) any failure to obtain a satisfactory agreement from any successor to the Company and/or the Operating Partnership to assume and agree to perform the Company s and/or the Operating Partnership s obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) any uncured material breach of this Agreement of any nature whatsoever by the Company and/or the Operating Partnership. Gross Proceeds . The aggregate purchase price of all Shares sold for the account of the Company through all Offerings, without deduction for Organizational and Offering Expenses. Hurdle Amount . For the applicable period, an amount that when annualized would equal 5.0 of the Beginning VPU. Independent Director . Independent Director shall have the meaning set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. 
 4 

Independent Expert . A person or entity with no material current or prior business or personal relationship with the Advisor or the Directors and who is engaged to a substantial extent in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value of assets of the type held by the Company. Independent Valuation Advisor . A firm that is (i) engaged to a substantial degree in the business of conducting valuations on commercial real estate properties, (ii) not affiliated with the Advisor and (iii) engaged by the Company with the approval of the Board to appraise the Real Properties or other assets or liabilities pursuant to the Valuation Procedures. Joint Ventures . The joint venture or partnership arrangements (other than with AREIT Operating Partnership LP) in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a co-venturer or general partner which are established to acquire Real Properties. Listing . The listing of the Shares on a national securities exchange or the receipt by the Company s stockholders of securities that are listed on a national securities exchange in exchange for the Company s common stock. Upon such Listing, the Shares shall be deemed Listed. Loss Carryforward Amount . Loss Carryforward Amount equaled zero as of September 1, 2017 and cumulatively increases from then by the absolute value of any negative Annual Total Return Amount and decrease by any positive Annual Total Return Amount, provided that the Loss Carryforward Amount shall at no time be less than zero. The effect of the Loss Carryforward Amount is that the recoupment of past Annual Total Return Amount losses will offset the positive Annual Total Return Amount for purposes of the calculation of the Performance Component. Multifamily Real Property . A property that primarily includes residential apartment units for rent. Such properties may include commercial spaces and tenants. However, the majority of the revenue generated by the property is derived from residential rental income. NASAA REIT Guidelines . The Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts published by the North American Securities Administrators Association on May 7, 2007, as may be amended from time to time. NAV . Net asset value, calculated pursuant to the Valuation Procedures. NAV Calculations . The calculations used to determine the NAV of the Company, the Shares, the Operating Partnership and the OP Units, all as provided in the Valuation Procedures. Net Income . For any period, the Company s total revenues applicable to such period, less the total expenses applicable to such period other than additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of the Company s assets. Offering . A public offering of Shares pursuant to a Prospectus. 
 5 

Operating Partnership . Operating Partnership has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. Operating Partnership Agreement . The Operating Partnership s limited partnership agreement among the Company, as general partner, and the limited partners thereto. Operating Partnership NAV . The NAV of the Operating Partnership , calculated pursuant to the Valuation Procedures. OP Unit . A unit of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership, other than Special Partnership Units. Organizational and Offering Expenses . Any and all cumulative costs and expenses incurred by and to be paid from the assets of the Company, including amounts reimbursable to the Advisor and its Affiliates pursuant and subject to Section 10(a)(i) hereof, in connection with the formation, qualification and registration of all of the Company s Offerings and the subsequent marketing and distribution of Shares, including, without limitation, the following: total underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions (including fees of the underwriters attorneys), any expense allowance granted by the Company to the underwriter (which may include a dealer manager) or any reimbursement of expenses of the underwriter by the Company, expenses for printing, engraving, mailing and distributing costs, salaries of employees while engaged in sales activity, telephone and other telecommunications costs, all advertising and marketing expenses (including the costs related to investor and broker-dealer sales meetings), charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees, escrow holders, depositories, experts, fees, expenses and taxes related to the filing, registration and qualification of the sale of the Shares under federal and state laws, including accountants and attorneys fees. Performance Component . The variable component of the Advisory Fee as described in Section 9 . Person . An individual, corporation, partnership, trust, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity. Private Organizational and Offering Expenses . Any and all cumulative costs and expenses incurred by and to be paid from the assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including amounts reimbursable to the Advisor and its Affiliates pursuant and subject to Section 10(a)(ii) hereof, in connection with the formation and qualification of any private offerings of any securities conducted by the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the subsequent marketing and distribution of such securities, including, without limitation, the following: total underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions (including fees of the underwriters attorneys), any expense allowance granted by the Company or its subsidiaries to the underwriter (which may include a dealer manager) or any reimbursement of expenses of the underwriter by the Company or its subsidiaries, expenses for printing, engraving, mailing and distributing costs, salaries of employees while engaged in sales activity, telephone and other telecommunications costs, all advertising and marketing expenses (including the costs related to investor and broker-dealer sales meetings), charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees, escrow holders, 
 6 

depositories, experts, fees, expenses and taxes related to the qualification of the sale of the securities under federal and state laws, including accountants and attorneys fees. Product Specialist . Affiliates of the Advisor approved to provide services to the Company, the Operating Partnership or any of their subsidiaries pursuant to Section 9(d) of this Agreement. Product Specialist Agreement . An agreement between the Company, the Operating Partnership or one of their subsidiaries with a Product Specialist with respect to services provided by a Product Specialist pursuant to Section 9(d) of this Agreement. Property Accounting Services . Property Accounting Services are related to accounting for real property operations and generally acknowledged as property accounting by the real estate industry. Such services generally include maintaining the books and records of the property in accordance with GAAP and company policies, procedures, and internal controls, in a timely manner, and the processing of property-related cash receipts and disbursements. Examples of such property accounting services include, but are not limited to, lease administration, monthly tenant billing and collections, rental revenue accounting, accounting for doubtful accounts, preparing rental expense recovery estimates and reconciliations, recording rental expenses, processing rental expense invoices and tenant reimbursement payments, accounting and budgeting for capital improvement projects, preparing and reviewing operating budgets, assisting in reporting and cash management for loan compliance purposes, and preparing account reconciliations and operating reports. Property accounting services do not include corporate-level accounting services that include, but are not limited to, consolidation, accounting and reporting analysis, and quality control reviews of accounting and reporting of third-party property accountants to ensure the accuracy, timeliness, and consistency of property accounting results. Property Accounting Services also do not include financial systems and software and consultants related thereto. Prospectus . Prospectus has the meaning set forth in Section 2(10) of the Securities Act, including a preliminary Prospectus, an offering circular as described in Rule 256 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act or, in the case of an intrastate offering, any document by whatever name known, utilized for the purpose of offering and selling securities to the public. Real Estate Related Securities . The real estate related securities investments, or such investments the Board of Directors and the Advisor mutually designate as Real Estate Related Securities to the extent such investments could be classified as either Real Estate Related Securities or Real Property, which are owned from time to time by the Company or the Operating Partnership. Real Property . (i) Land, including the buildings located thereon, or (ii) land only, or (iii) the buildings only, which are owned from time to time by the Company or the Operating Partnership, either directly or through subsidiaries, joint venture arrangements or other partnerships, or (iv) such investments the Board of Directors and the Advisor mutually designate as Real Property to the extent such investments could be classified as either Real Property, Real 
 7 

Estate Related Securities, or Debt Investments. DST Properties shall also be deemed Real Property for the purposes of this definition. REIT . A real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code or as may be amended. Sale or Sales . Any transaction or series of transactions whereby: (A) the Company or the Operating Partnership directly or indirectly (except as described in other subsections of this definition) sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership of any Real Property or portion thereof, including the lease of any Real Property consisting of a building only, and including any event with respect to any Real Property which gives rise to a significant amount of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards; (B) the Company or the Operating Partnership directly or indirectly (except as described in other subsections of this definition) sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership of all or substantially all of the interest of the Company or the Operating Partnership in any Joint Venture in which it is a co-venturer or partner; (C) any Joint Venture directly or indirectly (except as described in other subsections of this definition) in which the Company or the Operating Partnership as a co-venturer or partner sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership of any Real Property or portion thereof, including any event with respect to any Real Property which gives rise to insurance claims or condemnation awards; or (D) the Company or the Operating Partnership directly or indirectly (except as described in other subsections of this definition) sells, grants, conveys or relinquishes its interest in any mortgage or portion thereof (including with respect to any mortgage, all payments thereunder or in satisfaction thereof other than regularly scheduled interest payments) of amounts owed pursuant to such mortgage and any event which gives rise to a significant amount of insurance proceeds or similar awards; or (E) the Company or the Operating Partnership directly or indirectly (except as described in other subsections of this definition) sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership of any other asset not previously described in this definition or any portion thereof. Securities . Any Equity Shares, any other stock, shares or other evidences of equity or beneficial or other interests, voting trust certificates, bonds, debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in, temporary or interim certificates for, receipts for, guarantees of, or warrants, options or rights to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing. Securities Act . The Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Shares . The shares of all classes of the common stock of the Company. Special OP Unitholders . The holders of Special Partnership Units (as defined in the Operating Partnership Agreement) in the Operating Partnership. Special Partnership Units . Units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership designated as Special Partnership Units in the in the Operating Partnership Agreement. 
 8 

Sponsor . Any Person which (i) is directly or indirectly instrumental in organizing, wholly or in part, the Company, (ii) will control, manage or participate in the management of the Company, and any Affiliate of any such Person, (iii) takes the initiative, directly or indirectly, in founding or organizing the Company, either alone or in conjunction with one or more other Persons, (iv) receives a material participation in the Company in connection with the founding or organizing of the business of the Company, in consideration of services or property, or both services and property, (v) has a substantial number of relationships and contacts with the Company, (vi) possesses significant rights to control Real Properties, (vii) receives fees for providing services to the Company which are paid on a basis that is not customary in the industry, or (viii) provides goods or services to the Company on a basis which was not negotiated at arm s-length with the Company. Sponsor does not include wholly independent third parties such as attorneys, accountants and underwriters whose only compensation is for professional services. Stockholders . The registered holders of the Company s Shares. Termination Date . The date of termination of this Agreement, including by non-renewal. Termination Event . The termination or nonrenewal of this Agreement (i) in connection with a merger, sale of assets or transaction involving the Company pursuant to which a majority of the Directors then in office are replaced or removed, (ii) by the Advisor for Good Reason or (iii) by the Company and the Operating Partnership other than for Cause. Total Operating Expenses . All costs and expenses paid or incurred by the Company, as determined under GAAP, that are in any way related to the operation of the Company or to corporate business, including the Advisory Fee, but excluding (i) the expenses of raising capital such as Organizational and Offering Expenses, Private Organizational and Offering Expenses, legal, audit, accounting, underwriting, brokerage, listing, registration, and other fees, printing and other such expenses and tax incurred in connection with the issuance, distribution, transfer, registration and Listing, (ii) interest payments, (iii) taxes, (iv) non-cash expenditures such as depreciation, amortization and bad debt reserves, (v) incentive fees paid in compliance with the NASAA REIT Guidelines; (vi) Acquisition Fees and Acquisition Expenses, (vii) real estate commissions on the Sale of Real Property, and (viii) other fees and expenses connected with the acquisition, disposition, management and ownership of real estate interests, mortgage loans or other property (including the costs of foreclosure, insurance premiums, legal services, maintenance, repair, and improvement of property). The definition of Total Operating Expenses set forth above is intended to encompass only those expenses which are required to be treated as Total Operating Expenses under the NASAA REIT Guidelines. As a result, and notwithstanding the definition set forth above, any expense of the Company which is not part of Total Operating Expenses under the NASAA REIT Guidelines shall not be treated as part of Total Operating Expenses for purposes hereof. 2 /25 Guidelines . For any year in which the Company qualifies as a REIT, the requirement pursuant to the NASAA REIT Guidelines that, in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, Total Operating Expenses not exceed the greater of 2 of the Company s Average Invested Assets during such 12-month period or 25 of the Company s Net Income over the same 12-month period. 
 9 

Unitholders . The holders of OP Units. Valuation Procedures . The valuation procedures adopted by the Board, as amended from time to time. VPU . Average value per unit, which on any given date shall be equal to (i) the Operating Partnership NAV on such date, divided by (ii) the aggregate number of OP Units of all classes outstanding on such date. Weighted-Average Distributions per OP Unit . For a particular period of time, an amount equal to the ratio of (i) the aggregate distributions paid or accrued in respect of all OP Units during the applicable period, divided by (ii) the weighted-average number of OP Units of all classes outstanding during the applicable period, calculated in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. 2. APPOINTMENT. The Company and the Operating Partnership hereby appoint the Advisor to serve as their advisor on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the Advisor hereby accepts such appointment. 
 3. DUTIES OF THE ADVISOR. The Advisor undertakes to provide a continuing and suitable investment program consistent with the investment objectives and policies of the Company as determined and adopted from time to time by the Directors. The Advisor is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act and undertakes to perform its duties consistent with applicable law. In performance of these undertakings, subject to the supervision of the Directors and consistent with the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and the Operating Partnership Agreement, the Advisor shall, either directly or by engaging an Affiliated or non-Affiliated Person: 
 (a) Fee-related Services . (i) Asset Management Services . Other than services provided by Product Specialists, which shall be subject to the terms of the Product Special Agreements, the following services shall be provided by the Advisor or one of its Affiliates in consideration of the fees described in Section 9(b) of this Agreement, subject to reimbursement for expenses as provided in Section 9(a), Section 10 and Section 12, or as otherwise provided under this Agreement: (1) participate in formulating an investment strategy and asset allocation framework consistent with achieving our investment objectives; (2) monitor the operating performance of the investments of the Company and/or the Operating Partnership; (3) oversee the leasing activities of the Company s portfolio including but not limited to negotiations with prospective and existing 
 10 

tenants and leasing arrangements with Affiliated and non-Affiliated leasing brokers; (4) oversee Affiliated and non-Affiliated property managers who perform property management services for the Company or the Operating Partnership; and (5) oversee and negotiate service contracts for the Company s Real Properties. (ii) Property Accounting Services. The Advisor may provide Property Accounting Services for any Real Property owned by the Company or Real Property in which the Company otherwise has an interest, such as through a joint venture. The Advisor shall provide such Property Accounting Services in consideration for the fee described in Section 9(c). (b) Non Fee-Related Services . Other than services provided by Product Specialists, which shall be subject to the terms of the Product Special Agreements, the following services shall be provided by the Advisor or one of its Affiliates without consideration in the form of a separate fee, subject to reimbursement for expenses as provided in Section 10 and Section 12, or as otherwise provided under this Agreement: (i) Organizational and Offering Services . (1) assist the Company in maintaining the registration of the Shares under federal and state securities laws and complying with all federal, state and local regulatory requirements applicable to the Company in respect of the Offering (including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended), including preparing or causing to be prepared all supplements to the Prospectus, post-effective amendments to the registration statement for any Offering and financial statements required under applicable regulations and contractual undertakings and all reports and documents, if any, required under the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; provided , however , that in all filings made under federal and state securities laws, the statements therein shall be made by solely the Company and not by the Advisor or any of its other Affiliates; and (2) assist the Company in complying with all federal, state and local regulatory requirements applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries in respect of any private placements of any securities, including but not limited to tenancy-in-common or Delaware statutory trust beneficial interests in DST Properties, including preparing or causing to be prepared private placement memoranda and all supplements thereto; provided , however , that in all private 
 11 

placement memoranda, supplements thereto and any other offering materials, the statements therein shall be made by solely the Company and not by the Advisor or any of its other Affiliates. (ii) Acquisition and Disposition Services . (1) present to the Company and the Operating Partnership potential investment opportunities; (2) serve as the Company s and the Operating Partnership s investment and financial advisor and, as reasonably appropriate under the circumstances, provide research and economic and statistical data in connection with the Company s assets and investment policies; (3) subject to any required Board or Board committee approval, (i) locate, analyze and select potential investments, (ii) structure and negotiate the terms and conditions of transactions pursuant to which investments will be made; (iii) oversee and coordinate the making of investments by the Company and the Operating Partnership in compliance with the investment objectives and policies of the Company; and (iv) arrange, oversee and coordinate the financing and refinancing and the making of other changes in the asset or capital structure of investments; (4) perform due diligence on prospective investments; (5) upon request provide the Directors with periodic reports regarding prospective investments; (6) obtain the prior approval of the Board, any particular Directors specified by the Board or any committee of the Board, as the case may be, for any and all investments in Real Properties; (7) oversee and coordinate the making of investments in Real Estate Related Securities or Debt Investments within the discretionary limits and authority as granted by the Board, or if no such discretionary limits have been established, with the prior approval of the Board, any particular Directors specified by the Board or any committee of the Board, as the case may be ; (8) oversee and coordinate the disposition of Real Properties, Real Estate Related Securities or Debt Investments within the discretionary limits and authority as granted by the Board, or if no such discretionary limits have been established, with the prior approval of the Board, any particular Directors specified by the Board or any committee of the Board, as the case may be; and (9) negotiate with and engage selling brokers as necessary to dispose 
 12 

of Real Properties. (iii) Financing Services . (1) consult with the officers and Directors of the Company and assist the Directors in the formulation and implementation of the Company s borrowing policies, and, as necessary, furnish the Directors with advice and recommendations with respect to any borrowings proposed to be undertaken by the Company and/or the Operating Partnership; and (2) negotiate on behalf of the Company and the Operating Partnership with banks or lenders for loans to be made to the Company and the Operating Partnership, and negotiate on behalf of the Company and the Operating Partnership with investment banking firms and broker-dealers or negotiate private sales of Shares and other Securities or obtain loans for the Company and the Operating Partnership, but in no event in such a way so that the Advisor shall be acting as broker-dealer or underwriter; and provided, further, that any fees and costs payable to third parties incurred by the Advisor in connection with the foregoing shall be the responsibility of the Company or the Operating Partnership . (iv) Accounting and Administrative Services . (1) provide the daily management for the Company and the Operating Partnership and perform and supervise the various administrative functions reasonably necessary for the management of the Company and the Operating Partnership, unless expressly provided for elsewhere in this Agreement; (2) provide the Company and the Operating Partnership with, or arrange for the provision to the Company and the Operating Partnership of, all necessary cash management services; (3) consult with the Company s officers and the Board and assist the Board in evaluating and obtaining adequate insurance coverage based upon risk management determinations; (4) implement and coordinate the processes with respect to the NAV Calculations, and in connection therewith, obtain appraisals performed by an Independent Valuation Advisor concerning the value of the Real Properties; (5) supervise one or more Independent Valuation Advisors and, if and when necessary, recommend to the Board its replacement; and (6) deliver to or maintain on behalf of the Company copies of all 
 13 

appraisals obtained in connection with the investments in Real Properties and all valuations of Real Estate Related Securities or Debt Investments as may be required to be obtained by the Board; (7) in consultation with legal counsel, advise the Company regarding the maintenance of the Company s exemption from the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and monitor compliance with the requirements for maintaining an exemption from such act; (8) in consultation with legal counsel and other tax advisers, advise the Company regarding the maintenance of the Company s status as a REIT and monitor compliance with the various REIT qualification tests and other rules set out in the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (9) in consultation with legal counsel and other tax advisers, take all necessary actions to enable the Company and the Operating Partnership to make required tax filings and reports, including soliciting Stockholders for required information to the extent provided by the REIT provisions of the Code; and (10) oversee and resolve all claims, disputes or controversies (including all litigation, arbitration, settlement or other proceedings or negotiations) in which the Company and the Operating Partnership may be involved or to which the Company and the Operating Partnership may be subject, arising out of the Company s or the Operating Partnership s day-to-day operations, subject to such limitations or parameters as may be imposed from time to time by the Board. (v) Stockholder Services . (1) in consultation with legal counsel, communicate on the Company s or the Operating Partnership s behalf with the respective holders of any of the Company s or the Operating Partnership s securities as required to satisfy the reporting and other requirements of any regulatory bodies or agencies and to maintain effective relations with such holders; and (2) oversee the performance of the transfer agent and registrar. (vi) Other Services . (1) o versee the development, construction and improvement, including tenant improvements, of Real Properties (including DST Properties) by third parties on behalf of the Company ; (2) o versee and monitor third-party engineers, facility managers and 
 14 

property managers with regard to the effective building operations and maintenance of our Real Properties (including DST Properties); (3) oversee and coordinate the making of any private placement of OP Units, tenancy-in-common or other interests in Real Properties as may be approved by the Board; (4) provide internal legal services, either directly to the Company or as oversight of the Company s outside counsel, which internal legal services shall be deemed separate and not included in any of the services set forth in Section 3(a) above; (5) investigate, select, and, on behalf of the Company and the Operating Partnership, oversee and coordinate the engagement of and business with such Persons as the Advisor deems necessary to the proper performance of its obligations hereunder (whether for a fee or not), including but not limited to consultants, accountants, correspondents, lenders, technical advisors, attorneys, brokers, underwriters, corporate fiduciaries, escrow agents, depositaries, custodians, agents for collection, insurers, insurance agents, banks, builders, developers, property owners, real estate management companies, real estate operating companies, securities investment advisors, mortgagors, and any and all agents for any of the foregoing, including Affiliates of the Advisor, and Persons acting in any other capacity deemed by the Advisor necessary or desirable for the performance of any of the foregoing services, including but not limited to entering into contracts in the name of the Company and the Operating Partnership with any of the foregoing; (6) oversee the provision of, or provide directly, insurance management services, including, without limitation, overseeing all related brokerage relationships, managing all related premium and expense allocations, managing all related claims reporting and oversite, answering and coordinating with broker questions regarding coverage, claims, reporting, etc., coordinating required certificates of insurance, coordinating review of sponsor s and JV partners builder s risk programs, and managing renewals; (7) from time to time, or at any time reasonably requested by the Directors, make reports to the Directors of its performance of services to the Company and the Operating Partnership under this Agreement, including reports with respect to potential conflicts of interest involving the Advisor or any of its affiliates; and (8) do all other things reasonably necessary to assure its ability to render the services described in this Agreement. 
 15 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Advisor may delegate any of the foregoing duties to any Person so long as the Advisor or any Affiliate remains responsible for the performance of the duties set forth in this Section 3. 4. AUTHORITY OF ADVISOR. 
 (a) Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including the restrictions included in this Section 4 and in Section 7 ), and subject to the continuing and exclusive authority of the Directors over the management of the Company, the Directors hereby delegate to the Advisor the authority to take, or cause to be taken, any and all actions and to execute and deliver any and all agreements, certificates, assignments, instruments or other documents and to do any and all things that, in the judgment of the Advisor, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the Advisor s duties described in Section 3 . (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any investment in Real Properties, including any acquisition of Real Property by the Company or the Operating Partnership (including any financing of such acquisition), will require the prior approval of the Board, any particular Directors specified by the Board or any committee of the Board, as the case may be. (c) If a transaction requires approval by the Independent Directors, the Advisor will deliver to the Independent Directors all documents and other information required by them to properly evaluate the proposed transaction. The prior approval of a majority of the Independent Directors not otherwise interested in the transaction and a majority of the Directors not otherwise interested in the transaction will be required for each transaction to which the Advisor or its Affiliates is a party. The Directors may, at any time upon the giving of written notice to the Advisor, modify or revoke the authority set forth in this Section 4. If and to the extent the Directors so modify or revoke the authority contained herein, the Advisor shall henceforth submit to the Directors for prior approval such proposed transactions involving investments in Real Property, Real Estate Related Securities, or Debt Investments as thereafter require prior approval, provided however, that such modification or revocation shall be effective upon receipt by the Advisor and shall not be applicable to investment transactions to which the Advisor has committed the Company prior to the date of receipt by the Advisor of such notification. 5. BANK ACCOUNTS. The Advisor may establish and maintain one or more bank accounts in the name of the Company and the Operating Partnership and may collect and deposit into any such account or accounts, and disburse from any such account or accounts, any money on behalf of the Company and/or the Operating Partnership, under such terms and conditions as the Directors may approve, provided that no funds shall be commingled with the funds of the Advisor; and the Advisor shall from time to time render appropriate accountings of such collections and payments to the Directors and to the auditors of the Company. 

 16 

6. RECORDS; ACCESS. The Advisor shall maintain appropriate records of all its activities hereunder and make such records available for inspection by the Directors and by counsel, auditors and authorized agents of the Company, at any time or from time to time during normal business hours. The Advisor shall at all reasonable times have access to the books and records of the Company and the Operating Partnership. 
 7. LIMITATIONS ON ACTIVITIES. Anything else in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Advisor shall refrain from taking any action which, in its sole judgment made in good faith, would (a) adversely affect the status of the Company as a REIT, (b) subject the Company to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (c) violate any law, rule, regulation or statement of policy of any governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Company, its Shares or its Securities, or otherwise not be permitted by the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, except if such action shall be ordered by the Directors, in which case the Advisor shall notify promptly the Directors of the Advisor s judgment of the potential impact of such action and shall refrain from taking such action until it receives further clarification or instructions from the Directors. In such event the Advisor shall have no liability for acting in accordance with the specific instructions of the Directors so given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall hold harmless the Advisor, its directors, officers, employees and stockholders, and stockholders, directors and officers of the Advisor s Affiliates for any act or omission by the Advisor, its directors, officers or employees, or stockholders, directors or officers of the Advisor s Affiliates taken or omitted to be taken in the performance of their duties under this Agreement to the extent permitted under the Company s Articles of Incorporation and under Section 18 hereof. 
 8. RELATIONSHIP WITH DIRECTORS. Subject to Section 7 of this Agreement and to restrictions advisable with respect to the qualification of the Company as a REIT, directors, officers and employees of the Advisor or an Affiliate of the Advisor or any corporate parents of an Affiliate, may serve as a Director and as officers of the Company, except that no director, officer or employee of the Advisor or its Affiliates who also is a Director or officer of the Company shall receive any compensation from the Company for serving as a Director or officer other than reasonable reimbursement for travel and related expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Directors and no such Director shall be deemed an Independent Director for purposes of satisfying the Director independence requirement set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, directors, officers and employees of the Advisor and its Affiliates that are also Directors or officers of the Company may receive compensation from the Advisor or its Affiliates for which the Advisor or its Affiliates are reimbursed by the Company pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement. 
 9. FEES. 
 (a) The fees described in Section 9(b) are compensation for the personnel and related employment costs incurred by the Advisor or its Affiliates in performing the applicable services, including but not limited to salaries and wages, benefits and overhead of all employees involved in the performance of such services, but not for the third-party costs incurred by the Advisor or its Affiliates in connection 
 17 

with the performance of such services, which third-party costs shall be separately reimbursed and are not included in the services provided by the Advisor and its Affiliates. (b) Advisory Fee . The Advisor shall receive the Advisory Fee as compensation for asset management services rendered pursuant to Section 3(a)(i) hereof as follows. (i) The Advisory Fee will be comprised of two separate components: (1) a fixed component in an amount equal to, for each month during the term of this Agreement, 1/12th of 1.10 of the sum of (a) the product of (x) the applicable monthly Operating Partnership NAV per OP Unit, before giving effect to any monthly accruals for the Advisory Fee, Distribution Fees or any distributions accrued in respect of OP Units during the applicable month, and (y) the weighted average number of OP Units outstanding during the applicable month; and (b) aggregate DST Property Consideration for all DST Properties (the Fixed Component and (2) a performance component (the Performance Component that is calculated as described in Section 9(b)(ii) below. Provided that this Agreement has not been terminated, the Performance Component shall be paid to the Special OP Unitholders as a performance participation interest with respect to the Special Partnership Units in the form of an allocation and distribution from the Operating Partnership pursuant to the Operating Partnership Agreement. At the election of the Special OP Unitholders, with respect to each calendar year, all or a portion of the Performance Component shall be paid instead to the Advisor as a fee as set forth in this Paragraph 9(b). If the Special OP Unitholders do not elect on or before the first day of a calendar year to have all or a portion of the Performance Component paid as a fee in cash to the Advisor, then the Performance Component with respect to such calendar year shall be paid as a distribution on the performance participation interest to the Special OP Unitholders, as the holder of the Special Partnership Units. (ii) The Special OP Unitholders or the Advisor, as applicable, will earn a Performance Component with respect to each calendar year (or partial calendar year) in which this Agreement is in effect in an amount equal to: (A) The lesser of (1) the amount equal to 12.5 of (a) the Annual Total Return Amount less (b) the Loss Carryforward Amount, and (2) the amount equal to (x) the Annual Total Return Amount, less (y) the Loss Carryforward Amount, less (z) the Hurdle Amount; multiplied by: (B) The weighted-average number of OP Units outstanding during the applicable year, calculated in accordance with GAAP as applied on a consistent basis, 
 18 

(C) Provided that the Performance Component shall at no time be less than zero. Except as described in the definition of Loss Carryforward Amount in this Agreement, any amount by which the Annual Total Return Amount falls below the Hurdle Amount will not be carried forward to subsequent periods. If the Performance Component is payable or distributable pursuant to this Section 9(b)(ii), the Special OP Unitholders or the Advisor, as applicable, will be entitled to such payment or distribution, as applicable, even in the event that the total percentage return to Unitholders over any longer or shorter period, or the total percentage return to any particular Unitholder over the same, longer or shorter period, has been less than the Annual Total Return Amount used to calculate the Hurdle Amount. The Special OP Unitholders or the Advisor, as applicable, shall not be obligated to return any portion of any Advisory Fee paid based on the Company s or the Operating Partnership s subsequent performance. (iii) The Advisory Fee will generally accrue and be payable monthly. The Fixed Component is payable monthly in arrears (after the completion of the NAV Calculations for such month). The Performance Component with respect to any calendar year is generally payable or distributable, as applicable, after the completion of the NAV Calculations for December of such year. If the Advisory Fee is payable with respect to any partial calendar month or calendar year, then the Fixed Component shall be prorated based on the number of days elapsed during any partial calendar month and the Performance Component shall be calculated based on the annualized total return amount determined using the total return achieved for the period of such partial calendar year. In the event this Agreement is terminated or its term expires without renewal, the partial period Fixed Component and Performance Component of the Advisory Fee will be calculated and due and payable upon the Termination Date. In such event, for purposes of determining the Annual Total Return Amount, the change in VPU shall be determined based on a good faith estimate of what the NAV Calculations would be as of that date. (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9(b), upon the triggering of a Pro-Rata Period as defined in the Company s Fourth Amended and Restated Share Redemption Program, effective as of August 2, 2024 (as it may be amended from time to time, the SRP ), payment or distribution of the Performance Component shall be deferred until all share redemption requests under the SRP are satisfied. (v) In the event the Operating Partnership commences a liquidation of its Investments during any calendar year, the Special OP Unitholders or the Advisor, as applicable, will be paid the Advisory Fee from the proceeds of the liquidation and the Performance Component will be calculated at the 
 19 

end of the liquidation period prior to the distribution of the liquidation proceeds to the Unitholders. The calculation of the Performance Component for any partial year shall be calculated consistent with the applicable provisions of Section 9(b)(iii) above. (vi) The measurement of the change in VPU for the purpose of calculating the Annual Total Return Amount is subject to adjustment by the Board to account for any dividend, split, recapitalization or any other similar change in the Operating Partnership s capital structure or any distributions that the Board deems to be a return of capital if such changes are not already reflected in the Operating Partnership s net assets. (c) Property Accounting Fee . The Advisor may provide Property Accounting Services for any Real Property owned by the Company or Real Property in which the Company otherwise has an interest, such as through a joint venture. In exchange for Property Accounting Services provided by the Advisor, the Company shall pay the Advisor the difference between: (i) the property management fee charged with respect to each Real Property (the Property Management Fee ), which reflects the market rate for all Real Property management services, including Property Accounting Services, based on rates charged for similar properties within the region or market in which the Real Property is located, and (ii) the amount actually paid to third-party property management firms for property management services, which excludes Property Accounting Services, which fee is based on an arms-length negotiation with a third-party property management service provider (the difference between (i) and (ii), the Property Accounting Fee ). The tenant or tenants at each Real Property may reimburse the Company for all or a portion of the Property Management Fee. (d) Fees for other Services . The Company (including through the Operating Partnership or other subsidiaries) may retain certain of the Advisor s Affiliates from time to time for services relating to its investments or its operations, which may include property management services or property management oversight, construction management services, specialized expertise and dedicated resources in specific areas of real property, real estate-related securities or debt investments, leasing or leasing oversight services, corporate services, statutory services, acquisition services, transaction support services (including but not limited to coordinating with brokers, lawyers, accountants and other advisors, assembling relevant information, conducting financial and market analyses, and coordinating closing procedures), construction and development management or oversight services, and loan management and servicing, and within one or more such categories, providing services in respect of asset and/or investment administration, accounting, technology, tax preparation, finance (including but not limited to budget preparation and preparation and maintenance of corporate models), treasury, operational coordination, risk management, insurance placement, human resources, legal and compliance, valuation and reporting-related services, as well as services related to mortgage servicing, group purchasing, healthcare, consulting/brokerage, capital markets/credit origination, 
 20 

property, title and/or other types of insurance, management consulting and other similar operational matters. Any fees or reimbursements paid to the Advisor s Affiliates for any such services will not reduce the Advisory Fee or any reimbursements that may otherwise be owed to the Advisor. Any such arrangements will be at market rates or reimbursement of costs incurred by the Affiliate in providing the services, provided, however, that any fee approved by the Independent Directors at the entering of such Product Specialist Agreement shall be deemed to be at market rates. (e) Loans from Affiliates . The Advisor or any Affiliate thereof may not make any loan to the Company or the Operating Partnership unless a majority of the Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in such loan approve the loan as being fair, competitive, and commercially reasonable and no less favorable to the Company or the Operating Partnership than loans between unaffiliated parties under the same circumstances. (f) Payment in Shares or OP Units . The fees due under this Section 9 shall be paid in cash; provided, however, that in lieu of cash, the Advisor may elect to receive the payment of the fees due under this Section 9 in any class of Shares or OP Units. Any such Shares or OP Units will be valued at the NAV per share applicable to such Shares or OP Units on the issue date. Such shares shall not be subject to any early redemption deduction under the Company s share redemption program. (g) Fee Waiver . If as of the end of the last month of the applicable period the NAV of a Class E Series 1 Unit is less than 10.00 per unit, the Advisor will waive its fees earned under this Agreement in an amount equal to the product of (a) the Performance Component for the applicable period, and (b) the weighted-average Class E Series 1 Units outstanding over the applicable period divided by the weighted-average OP Units outstanding over the same period. In this manner, the holders of each class of OP Units will benefit from this waiver pro rata in accordance with their particular class s portion of Operating Partnership NAV. 10. EXPENSES. 
 (a) In addition to the compensation paid to the Advisor pursuant to Section 9 hereof, the Company or the Operating Partnership shall pay directly or reimburse the Advisor or its Affiliates for all of the expenses paid or incurred by the Advisor or its Affiliates in connection with the services they provide to the Company and the Operating Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (i) Organizational and Offering Expenses paid or incurred by the Advisor or any of its Affiliates; provided that after an Offering terminates, the Advisor shall reimburse the Company to the extent the Organizational and Offering Expenses with respect to such Offering that are borne by the Company exceed 15.0 of the Gross Proceeds raised in the completed Offering; the Advisor shall be responsible for the payment of all the 
 21 

Company s Organizational and Offering Expenses in excess of the maximum amount permitted; (ii) Private Organizational and Offering Expenses paid or incurred by the Advisor or any of its Affiliates, except to the extent the Advisor or its Affiliates have agreed to receive a fee in lieu of reimbursement of such expenses therewith; (iii) Acquisition Expenses incurred in connection with the selection and acquisition of Real Properties; (iv) Disposition Expenses incurred in connection with the disposition of Real Properties, Real Estate Related Securities and Debt Investments; (v) the actual cost of goods and services used by the Company and obtained from Persons not affiliated with the Advisor, other than Acquisition Expenses, including brokerage fees paid in connection with the purchase and sale of Real Estate Related Securities or Debt Investments; (vi) interest and other costs for borrowed money, including discounts, points and other similar fees; (vii) taxes and assessments on income of the Company or Real Properties; (viii) costs associated with insurance required in connection with the business of the Company or by the Directors; (ix) expenses incurred in connection with financing transactions, including the financing or refinancing of Company properties; (x) expenses of managing and operating Real Properties owned by the Company, or Real Property in which the Company otherwise has an interest, such as through a joint venture, including, but not limited to, expenses related to Property Accounting Services provided by third parties, the expenses of which shall be paid by the direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company which owns the Real Property, and expenses related to financial systems and software and consultants related thereto; (xi) all expenses in connection with payments to the Directors and meetings of the Directors and Stockholders; (xii) personnel and related employment costs (including, but not limited to, compensation) and overhead (including, but not limited to, allocated rent paid to both third parties and an affiliate of the Advisor, equipment, utilities, insurance, travel and entertainment, and other costs) incurred by the Advisor or its Affiliates in performing the services described in Section 3 hereof, including but not limited to compensation (whether paid in cash, stock or other forms), benefits and other overhead of all 
 22 

employees involved in the performance of such services, provided that no reimbursement shall be made for such costs in connection with the services under Section 3(a), for services provided by an Affiliate of the Adviser for which the Company pays a separate fee pursuant to a separate agreement, or for compensation of the Company s named executive officers unless the named executive officer provides services as described in Section 3(b)(v); (xiii) expenses associated with a Listing, if applicable, or with the issuance and distribution of Securities, such as selling commissions and fees, advertising expenses, taxes, legal and accounting fees, listing and registration fees; (xiv) expenses connected with payments of Distributions in cash or otherwise made or caused to be made by the Company to the Stockholders; (xv) expenses of organizing, redomesticating, merging, liquidating or dissolving the Company or of amending the Articles of Incorporation or the Bylaws; (xvi) expenses of maintaining communications with Stockholders, including the cost of preparation, printing, and mailing annual reports and other Stockholder reports, proxy statements and other reports required by governmental entities; (xvii) internal and external audit, accounting and legal fees and other fees for professional services relating to the operations of the Company and all such fees incurred at the request, or on behalf of, the Board, the Independent Directors or any committee of the Board; (xviii) all other costs incurred by the Advisor or its Affiliates in performing its duties hereunder. (b) Expenses incurred by the Advisor or its Affiliates on behalf of the Company and the Operating Partnership and payable pursuant to this Section 10 shall be reimbursed no less than monthly to the Advisor. The Advisor shall prepare a statement documenting the expenses of the Company and the Operating Partnership and the calculation of the fees and commissions due under this Agreement during each month, and shall deliver such statement to the Company and the Operating Partnership within 45 days after the end of each month. (c) In lieu of cash, the Advisor may elect to receive the reimbursement of any of its expenses in any class of Shares. Any such Shares will be valued at the NAV per share applicable to such Shares on the issue date and will not be eligible for redemption by the Advisor until six months from the issue date. 11. OTHER SERVICES. Should the Directors request that the Advisor or any director, officer or employee thereof render services for the Company and the Operating 

 23 

Partnership other than set forth in Section 3 , such services shall be separately compensated at such rates and in such amounts as are agreed by the Advisor and the Independent Directors of the Company, subject to the limitations contained in the Articles of Incorporation, and shall not be deemed to be services pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 12. REIMBURSEMENT TO THE ADVISOR. For any year in which the Company qualifies as a REIT, the Company shall not reimburse the Advisor at the end of any fiscal quarter Total Operating Expenses that, in the four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended (the Expense Year exceed (the Excess Amount the greater of 2 of Average Invested Assets or 25 of Net Income (the 2 /25 Guidelines for such year. Any Excess Amount paid to the Advisor during a fiscal quarter shall be repaid to the Company or, at the option of the Company, subtracted from the Total Operating Expenses reimbursed during the subsequent fiscal quarter. If there is an Excess Amount in any Expense Year and the Independent Directors determine that such excess was justified based on unusual and nonrecurring factors which they deem sufficient, then (i) the Excess Amount may be carried over and included in Total Operating Expenses in subsequent Expense Years and reimbursed to the Advisor in one or more of such years, provided that Total Operating Expenses in any Expense Year, including any Excess Amount to be paid to the Advisor, shall not exceed the 2 /25 Guidelines or (ii) the Excess Amount may be paid in the Expense Year and within 60 days after the end of such Expense Year there shall be sent to the stockholders a written disclosure of such fact, together with an explanation of the factors the Independent Directors considered in determining that such excess expenses were justified. Such determination shall be reflected in the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors. The Company will not reimburse the Advisor or its Affiliates for its personnel (and related employment) costs and overhead (including rent, insurance and other costs) incurred in connection with the services under Section 3(a) or services provided by an Affiliate of the Adviser for which the Company pays a separate fee pursuant to a separate agreement. All figures used in the foregoing computation shall be determined in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. 
 13. OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE ADVISOR. (a) Nothing herein contained shall prevent the Advisor or any of its Affiliates from engaging in or earning fees from other activities, including, without limitation, the rendering of advice to other Persons (including other REITs) and the management of other programs advised, sponsored or organized by the Advisor or its Affiliates; nor shall this Agreement limit or restrict the right of any member, manager, director, officer, employee, or stockholder of the Advisor or its Affiliates to engage in or earn fees from any other business or to render services of any kind to any other partnership, corporation, firm, individual, trust or association and earn fees for rendering such services. The Advisor may, with respect to any investment in which the Company is a participant, also render advice and service to each and every other participant therein, and earn fees for rendering such advice and service. Specifically, it is contemplated that the Company may enter into joint ventures or other similar co-investment arrangements with certain Persons, and pursuant to the agreements governing 
 24 

such joint ventures or arrangements, the Advisor may be engaged (directly or indirectly) to provide advice and service to such Persons, in which case the Advisor will earn fees for rendering such advice and service. The parties to this Agreement hereby acknowledge that the Advisor may provide advice and render services to Persons that will compete with the Company for investments. (b) The Advisor shall report to the Directors the existence of any condition or circumstance, existing or anticipated, of which it has knowledge, which creates or could create a conflict of interest between the Advisor s obligations to the Company and its obligations to or its interest in any other partnership, corporation, limited liability company, firm, individual, trust or association. The Advisor or its Affiliates shall promptly disclose to the Directors knowledge of such condition or circumstance. If the Advisor, its members, managers, directors, employees or Affiliates thereof have sponsored other investment programs with similar investment objectives which have investment funds available at the same time as the Company, it shall be the duty of the Directors (including the Independent Directors) to ensure that the Advisor and its Affiliates follow an allocation method that is reasonable and fairly applied. The Advisor shall provide the information necessary for the Directors to make this determination. (c) The Advisor shall be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to present a continuing and suitable investment program to the Company which is consistent with the investment policies and objectives of the Company, but neither the Advisor nor any Affiliate of the Advisor shall be obligated generally to present any particular investment opportunity to the Company even if the opportunity is of a character that, if presented to the Company, could be taken by the Company. In the event an investment opportunity is located, the allocation procedure set forth in the private offering memorandum for the Company s ongoing private offering of shares (as such procedures may be amended from time to time) shall govern the allocation of the opportunity among the Company and Affiliates of the Advisor. 14. TERM; TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT. This Agreement shall continue in force through April 30, 2025, subject to an unlimited number of successive one-year renewals upon mutual consent of the parties. It is the duty of the Directors to evaluate the performance of the Advisor annually before renewing the Agreement, and each such renewal shall be for a term of no more than one year. 
 15. TERMINATION BY THE PARTIES. This Agreement may be terminated (i) immediately by the Company and/or the Operating Partnership for Cause or upon the bankruptcy of the Advisor, (ii) upon 60 days written notice without Cause and without penalty by a majority of the Independent Directors of the Company or (iii) upon 60 days written notice with Good Reason by the Advisor. 
 16. ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement may be assigned by the Advisor to an Affiliate with the approval of a majority of the Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors). The Advisor may assign any rights to receive fees or other payments under 

 25 

this Agreement to any Person without obtaining the approval of the Directors. This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Company or the Operating Partnership without the consent of the Advisor, except in the case of an assignment by the Company or the Operating Partnership to a corporation, limited partnership or other organization which is a successor to all of the assets, rights and obligations of the Company or the Operating Partnership, in which case such successor organization shall be bound hereunder and by the terms of said assignment in the same manner as the Company and the Operating Partnership are bound by this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement may not be assigned (as such term is defined in Section 205(a)(2) of the Advisers Act) or novated by the Advisor by operation of law or otherwise without consent as required under the Advisers Act; provided, that the Advisor may assign, subcontract, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights and obligations hereunder to any of its Affiliates. 17. PAYMENTS TO AND DUTIES OF ADVISOR UPON TERMINATION. Payments to the Advisor of unpaid expense reimbursements pursuant to this Section 17 shall be subject to the 2 /25 Guidelines to the extent applicable. 
 (a) After the Termination Date, the Advisor shall not be entitled to compensation for further services hereunder except it shall be entitled to receive from the Company or the Operating Partnership within 30 days after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements of expenses and all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Advisor prior to termination of this Agreement. In addition, in accordance with the provisions of Section 12, the Advisor shall be entitled to receive any Excess Amount (as defined in Section 12) for which the Independent Directors determined (before or after the Termination Date) that there was justification based on unusual and nonrecurring factors. (b) The Advisor shall promptly upon termination: (i) pay over to the Company and the Operating Partnership all money collected and held for the account of the Company and the Operating Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, after deducting any accrued compensation and reimbursement for its expenses to which it is then entitled; (ii) deliver to the Directors a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Directors; (iii) deliver to the Directors all assets, including Real Properties, Real Estate Related Securities and Debt Investments, and documents of the Company and the Operating Partnership then in the custody of the Advisor; and (iv) cooperate with the Company and the Operating Partnership to provide an orderly management transition. 
 26 

18. INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY AND THE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP. The Company and the Operating Partnership shall indemnify and hold harmless the Advisor and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, partners and employees, from all liability, claims, damages or losses arising in the performance of their duties hereunder, including without limitation any liabilities, claims, damages or losses arising under any agreements related to an Offering or any private offering of any securities conducted by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and related expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, subject to any limitations imposed by the laws of the State of Maryland or the Articles of Incorporation of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and the Operating Partnership shall not provide for indemnification of the Advisor and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, partners and employees, for any loss or liability suffered by the Advisor and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, partners and employees, nor shall they provide that the Advisor and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, partners and employees, be held harmless for any loss or liability suffered by the Company and the Operating Partnership, unless all of the following conditions are met: 
 (a) The Advisor has determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct which caused the loss or liability was in the best interest of the Company and the Operating Partnership; (b) The Advisor was acting on behalf of or performing services for the Company and the Operating Partnership; (c) Such liability or loss was not the result of negligence or misconduct by the Advisor; and (d) Such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of the Company s net assets and not from Stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Advisor and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, partners and employees, shall not be indemnified by the Company and the Operating Partnership for any losses, liabilities or expenses arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by the Advisor and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, partners and employees, unless one or more of the following conditions are met: (a) There has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations as to the Advisor; (b) Such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the Advisor; or (c) A court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Advisor and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the Securities and Exchange Commission and of 
 27 

the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which securities of the Company and the Operating Partnership were offered or sold as to indemnification for violation of securities laws. In addition, the advancement of the Company s or the Operating Partnership s funds to the Advisor and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, partners and employees, for legal expenses and other costs incurred as a result of any legal action for which indemnification is being sought is permissible only if all of the following conditions are satisfied: (d) The legal action relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of the Company or the Operating Partnership; (e) The legal action is initiated by a third party who is not a shareholder or the legal action is initiated by a shareholder acting in his or her capacity as such and a court of competent jurisdiction specifically approves such advancement; and (f) The Advisor undertakes to repay the advanced funds to the Company or the Operating Partnership, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, in cases in which the Advisor is found not to be entitled to indemnification. 19. INDEMNIFICATION BY ADVISOR. The Advisor shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and the Operating Partnership from contract or other liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses including attorneys fees, to the extent that such liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses are incurred by reason of the Advisor s bad faith, fraud, willful misfeasance, gross misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties, but the Advisor shall not be held responsible for any action of the Board of Directors in following or declining to follow any advice or recommendation given by the Advisor. 
 20. NOTICES. Any notice, report or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing unless some other method of giving such notice, report or other communication is required by the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws, or accepted by the party to whom it is given, and shall be given by being delivered by hand or by overnight mail or other overnight delivery service to the addresses set forth herein: 
 To the Directors and to the Company: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. One Tabor Center 1200 Seventeenth Street, Suite 2900 Denver, CO 80202 
 28 

To the Operating Partnership: AREIT Operating Partnership LP One Tabor Center 1200 Seventeenth Street, Suite 2900 Denver, CO 80202 To the Advisor: Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC 2000 Avenue of the Stars, 12th Floor Los Angeles, CA 90067 Attention: Naseem Sagati Aghili Email: nsagati@aresmgmt.com Any party may at any time give notice in writing to the other parties of a change in its address for the purposes of this Section 20. 21. MODIFICATION. This Agreement shall not be changed, modified, terminated, or discharged, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto, or their respective successors or assignees. 
 22. SEVERABILITY. The provisions of this Agreement are independent of and severable from each other, and no provision shall be affected or rendered invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part. 
 23. CONSTRUCTION. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado. 
 24. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. This Agreement may not be modified or amended other than by an agreement in writing. 
 25. INDULGENCES, NOT WAIVERS. Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, 

 29 

power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 26. GENDER. Words used herein regardless of the number and gender specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context requires. 
 27. TITLES NOT TO AFFECT INTERPRETATION. The titles of sections and subsections contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and they neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the construction or interpretation hereof. 
 28. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. 
 29. INITIAL INVESTMENT. The Advisor owns 20,000 Class E Shares, which were issued in connection with the original advisor s initial investment in the Company of 200,000. The Advisor may not sell any of such Shares while the Advisor acts in such advisory capacity to the Company, provided, that such Shares may be transferred to Affiliates of the Advisor. The restrictions included above shall not apply to any other Securities acquired by the Advisor or its Affiliates. The Advisor shall not vote any Shares it now owns, or hereafter acquires, in any vote for the election of Directors or any vote regarding the approval or termination of any contract with the Advisor or any of its Affiliates. 
 
 30 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (2024) as of August 2, 2024. ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC., a Maryland corporation By: /s/ Taylor M. Paul Name: Taylor M. Paul Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., its General Partner By: /s/ Taylor M. Paul Name: Taylor M. Paul Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: /s/ Anton Feingold Name: Anton Feingold Title: Authorized Signatory 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 6
 are-20240930xex10d4.htm
 EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 
 THIRTEENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP A DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AUGUST 2, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS ARTICLE 1 DEFINED TERMS 1 1.1 Definitions 1 1.2 Interpretation 14 ARTICLE 2 PARTNERSHIP FORMATION AND IDENTIFICATION 15 2.1 Formation 15 2.2 Name, Office and Registered Agent 15 2.3 Partners 15 2.4 Term and Dissolution 15 2.5 Filing of Certificate and Perfection of Limited Partnership 16 2.6 Certificates Describing Partnership Units and Special Partnership Units 16 ARTICLE 3 BUSINESS OF THE PARTNERSHIP 16 ARTICLE 4 CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACCOUNTS 17 4.1 Capital Contributions 17 4.2 Classes and Series of Partnership Units 17 4.3 Additional Capital Contributions and Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests 19 4.4 Additional Funding 21 4.5 Capital Accounts 21 4.6 Percentage Interests 22 4.7 No Interest On Contributions 22 4.8 Return Of Capital Contributions 22 4.9 No Third Party Beneficiary 22 ARTICLE 5 PROFITS AND LOSSES; DISTRIBUTIONS 23 5.1 Allocation of Profit and Loss 23 5.2 Distribution of Cash 25 5.3 REIT Distribution Requirements 29 5.4 No Right to Distributions in Kind 29 5.5 Limitations on Return of Capital Contributions 29 5.6 Distributions Upon Liquidation 29 5.7 Substantial Economic Effect 30 ARTICLE 6 RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS AND POWERS OF THE GENERAL PARTNER 30 
 i 

6.1 Management of the Partnership 30 6.2 Delegation of Authority 33 6.3 Indemnification and Exculpation of Indemnitees 33 6.4 Liability of the General Partner 34 6.5 Reimbursement of General Partner 35 6.6 Outside Activities 35 6.7 Employment or Retention of Affiliates 36 6.8 General Partner Participation 36 6.9 Title to Partnership Assets 36 6.10 Redemptions of REIT Shares 37 6.11 No Duplication of Fees or Expenses 37 ARTICLE 7 CHANGES IN GENERAL PARTNER 37 7.1 Transfer of the General Partner s Partnership Interest 37 7.2 Admission of a Substitute or Additional General Partner 39 7.3 Effect of Bankruptcy, Withdrawal, Death or Dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner 40 7.4 Removal of a General Partner 40 ARTICLE 8 RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE LIMITED PARTNERS 41 8.1 Management of the Partnership 41 8.2 Power of Attorney 41 8.3 Limitation on Liability of Limited Partners 42 8.4 Ownership by Limited Partner of Corporate General Partner or Affiliate 42 8.5 Redemption Right 42 8.6 Registration 46 8.7 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 47 ARTICLE 9 TRANSFERS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 47 9.1 Purchase for Investment 47 9.2 Restrictions on Transfer of Limited Partnership Interests 48 9.3 Admission of Substitute Limited Partner 49 9.4 Rights of Assignees of Partnership Interests 50 9.5 Effect of Bankruptcy, Death, Incompetence or Termination of a Limited Partner 50 9.6 Joint Ownership of Interests 51 ARTICLE 10 BOOKS AND RECORDS; ACCOUNTING; TAX MATTERS 51 
 ii 

10.1 Books and Records 51 10.2 Custody of Partnership Funds; Bank Accounts 51 10.3 Fiscal and Taxable Year 52 10.4 Annual Tax Information and Report 52 10.5 Tax Matters Partner; Tax Elections; Special Basis Adjustments 52 10.6 Reports to Limited Partners 53 10.7 Safe Harbor Election 53 ARTICLE 11 AMENDMENT OF AGREEMENT; MERGER 54 ARTICLE 12 GENERAL PROVISIONS 54 12.1 Notices 54 12.2 Survival of Rights 55 12.3 Additional Documents 55 12.4 Severability 55 12.5 Entire Agreement 55 12.6 Pronouns and Plurals 55 12.7 Headings 55 12.8 Counterparts 55 12.9 Governing Law 55 EXHIBITS EXHIBIT A - Partners, Capital Contributions and Percentage Interests or Special Percentage Interests EXHIBIT B - Notice of Exercise of Redemption Right 
 iii 

THIRTEENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP This Thirteenth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of August 2, 2024, between Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc.) (the General Partner and the Limited Partners set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. RECITALS: A. AREIT Operating Partnership LP (f/k/a Dividend Capital Total Realty Operating Partnership LP) (the Partnership ), was formed on April 12, 2005 as a limited partnership under the laws of the State of Delaware, pursuant to a Certificate of Limited Partnership filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 12, 2005.
 B. The Partnership is currently governed by the Twelfth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Partnership dated as of June 3, 2023 (the Prior Agreement ). 
 C. The parties desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement as fully set forth below. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, of mutual covenants between the parties hereto, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree that the Prior Agreement shall be and hereby is amended and restated in its entirety as follows: Article 1 DEFINED TERMS 
 1.1 Definitions . The following defined terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings specified below: 
 ACT means the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as it may be amended from time to time. ADDITIONAL FUNDS has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4. ADDITIONAL SECURITIES means any additional REIT Shares (other than REIT Shares issued in connection with a redemption pursuant to Section 8.5 or REIT Shares issued pursuant to a dividend reinvestment plan of the General Partner) or rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities containing the right to subscribe for or purchase REIT Shares, as set forth in Section 4.3(a)(ii). ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES means (i) all administrative and operating costs and expenses incurred by the Partnership, (ii) those administrative costs and expenses of the General Partner, including any salaries or other payments to directors, officers or employees of the General Partner, and any accounting and legal expenses of the General Partner, which expenses, 
 1 

the Partners have agreed, are expenses of the Partnership and not the General Partner, and (iii) to the extent not included in clause (ii) above, REIT Expenses; provided , however , that Administrative Expenses shall not include any administrative costs and expenses incurred by the General Partner that are attributable to Properties or partnership interests in a Subsidiary Partnership that are owned by the General Partner directly. ADVISOR or ADVISORS means the Person or Persons, if any, appointed, employed or contracted with by the General Partner and responsible for directing or performing the day-to-day business affairs of the General Partner, including any Person to whom the Advisor subcontracts substantially all of such functions. ADVISORY AGREEMENT means the agreement between the General Partner and the Advisor pursuant to which the Advisor will direct or perform the day-to-day business affairs of the General Partner. AFFILIATE means, with respect to any Person, (i) any Person directly or indirectly, owning, controlling or holding with the power to vote 10 of more of the outstanding voting securities of such other Person; (ii) any Person 10 or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such other Person; (iii) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such other Person; (iv) any executive officer, director, trustee or general partner of such other Person; and (v) any legal entity for which such Person acts an executive officer, director, trustee or general partner. AFFIRMATION DATE has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a). AGGREGATE SHARE OWNERSHIP LIMIT shall have the meaning set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. AGREED VALUE means the fair market value of a Partner s non- cash Capital Contribution as of the date of contribution as agreed to by such Partner and the General Partner. The names and addresses of the Partners, number and Class or Series of Partnership Units or Special Partnership Units issued to each Partner, and the Agreed Value of non-cash Capital Contributions as of the date of contribution are set forth on Exhibit A . AGREEMENT means this Thirteenth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, as amended, modified supplemented or restated from time to time, as the context requires. ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN AMOUNT means the overall investment return, expressed as a dollar amount per Partnership Unit, which shall be equal to the sum of (1) the Weighted-Average Distributions per Partnership Unit over the applicable period, and (2) the Ending VPU, adjusted to remove the negative impact on the overall investment return from the payment or the obligation to pay, or distribute, as applicable, the Performance Allocation and Class-Specific Fees, less the Beginning VPU. APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(b). ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION means the Articles of Restatement of the General Partner filed with the Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation on March 20, 2012, as further amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 2 

BEGINNING VPU means the VPU determined as of the end of the most recent month prior to the commencement of the applicable period. CAPITAL ACCOUNT has the meaning provided in Section 4.5. CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION means the total amount of cash, cash equivalents, and the Agreed Value of any Property or other asset (other than cash or cash equivalents) contributed or agreed to be contributed, as the context requires, to the Partnership by each Partner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Any reference to the Capital Contribution of a Partner shall include the Capital Contribution made by a predecessor holder of the Partnership Interest of such Partner. CARRYING VALUE means, with respect to any asset of the Partnership, the asset s adjusted net basis for federal income tax purposes or, in the case of any asset contributed to the Partnership, the fair market value of such asset at the time of contribution, reduced by any amounts attributable to the inclusion of liabilities in basis pursuant to Section 752 of the Code, except that the Carrying Values of all assets may, at the discretion of the General Partner, be adjusted to equal their respective fair market values (as determined by the General Partner), in accordance with the rules set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), as provided for in Section 4.5. In the case of any asset of the Partnership that has a Carrying Value that differs from its adjusted tax basis, the Carrying Value shall be adjusted by the amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization calculated for purposes of the definition of Profit and Loss rather than the amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization determined for federal income tax purposes. CASH AMOUNT means an amount of cash per Partnership Unit equal to the applicable Redemption Price determined by the General Partner. CERTIFICATE means any instrument or document that is required under the laws of the State of Delaware, or any other jurisdiction in which the Partnership conducts business, to be signed and sworn to by the Partners of the Partnership (either by themselves or pursuant to the power-of-attorney granted to the General Partner in Section 8.2) and filed for recording in the appropriate public offices within the State of Delaware or such other jurisdiction to perfect or maintain the Partnership as a limited partnership, to effect the admission, withdrawal, or substitution of any Partner of the Partnership, or to protect the limited liability of the Limited Partners as limited partners under the laws of the State of Delaware or such other jurisdiction. CLASS means a class of REIT Shares or Partnership Units, as the context may require. CLASS E REIT SHARES means the Class of REIT Shares defined as Class E Common Shares under the General Partner s charter. CLASS E UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class E Unit as provided in this Agreement, and shall be either Series 1 Class E Units or Series 2 Class E Units. CLASS D-PR REIT SHARES means the Class and Series of REIT Shares defined as Class D-PR Common Shares under the General Partner s charter. CLASS D-PR UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class D-PR Unit as provided in this Agreement. 
 3 

CLASS D-R REIT SHARES means the Class and Series of REIT Shares defined as Class D-R Common Shares under the General Partner s charter. CLASS D-R UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class D-R Unit as provided in this Agreement. CLASS I-PR REIT SHARES means the Class and Series of REIT Shares defined as Class I-PR Common Shares under the General Partner s charter. CLASS I-PR UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class I-PR Unit as provided in this Agreement. CLASS I-R REIT SHARES means the Class and Series of REIT Shares defined as Class I-R Common Shares under the General Partner s charter. CLASS I-R UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class I-R Unit as provided in this Agreement. CLASS S-PR REIT SHARES means the Class and Series of REIT Shares defined as Class S-PR Common Shares under the General Partner s charter. CLASS S-PR UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class S-PR Unit as provided in this Agreement, and shall be either Series 1 Class S-PR Units or Series 2 Class S-PR Units. CLASS S-R REIT SHARES means the Class and Series of REIT Shares defined as Class S-R Common Shares under the General Partner s charter. CLASS S-R UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class S-R Unit as provided in this Agreement, and shall be either Series 1 Class S-R Units or Series 2 Class S-R Units. CLASS-SPECIFIC FEES means any Distribution Fee expenses accrued or allocated directly or indirectly to a particular Class or Series of Partnership Units or REIT Shares. CLASS T-R REIT SHARES means the Class and Series of REIT Shares defined as Class T-R Common Shares under the General Partner s charter. CLASS T-R UNIT means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class T-R Unit as provided in this Agreement, and shall be either Series 1 Class T-R Units or Series 2 Class T-R Units. CODE means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and as hereafter amended from time to time. Reference to any particular provision of the Code shall mean that provision in the Code at the date hereof and any successor provision of the Code. COMMISSION means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. COMMON SHARE OWNERSHIP LIMIT shall have the meaning set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. CONVERSION FACTOR means 1.0, provided that in the event that the General Partner (i) declares or pays a dividend on its outstanding REIT Shares in REIT Shares or makes a distribution to all holders of its outstanding REIT Shares in REIT Shares, (ii) subdivides its outstanding REIT Shares, or (iii) combines its outstanding REIT Shares into a smaller number of REIT Shares, the Conversion Factor shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Factor by a 
 4 

fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of REIT Shares issued and outstanding on the record date for such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination (assuming for such purposes that such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination has occurred as of such time), and the denominator of which shall be the actual number of REIT Shares (determined without the above assumption) issued and outstanding on such date and, provided further, that in the event that an entity other than an Affiliate of the General Partner shall become General Partner pursuant to any merger, consolidation or combination of the General Partner with or into another entity (the Successor Entity ), the Conversion Factor shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Factor by the number of shares of the Successor Entity into which one REIT Share is converted pursuant to such merger, consolidation or combination, determined as of the date of such merger, consolidation or combination. Any adjustment to the Conversion Factor shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such event retroactive to the record date, if any, for such event; provided, however, that if the General Partner receives a Notice of Redemption after the record date, but prior to the effective date of such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination, the Conversion Factor shall be determined as if the General Partner had received the Notice of Redemption immediately prior to the record date for such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination. A separate Conversion Factor shall be determined for each Class or Series of Partnership Units (other than Series 2 Class S-R Units and Series 2 Class S-PR Units) by taking into account only the outstanding REIT Shares having the same Class designation as the applicable Class of Partnership Units. The Conversion Factor for Series 2 Class S-R Units shall equal the Conversion Factor for Series 1 Class S-R Units, multiplied by the Net Asset Value Per Unit for Series 2 Class S-R Units and divided by the Net Asset Value Per Unit for Series 1 Class S-R Units. The Conversion Factor for Series 2 Class S-PR Units shall equal the Conversion Factor for Series 1 Class S-PR Units, multiplied by the Net Asset Value Per Unit for Series 2 Class S-PR Units and divided by the Net Asset Value Per Unit for Series 1 Class S-PR Units. DEALER MANAGER means Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC or such other Person or entity selected by the board of directors of the General Partner to act as the dealer manager for the Offering. DIRECTOR shall have the meaning set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. DISTRIBUTION FEES means any ongoing distribution fees, dealer manager fees or similar fees (as distinguished from up-front or one-time selling commissions and dealer manager fees) payable pursuant to any dealer manager agreement between the General Partner and the Dealer Manager with respect to outstanding REIT Shares or Partnership Units. ENDING VPU means the VPU as of the end of the last month in the applicable period. EVENT OF BANKRUPTCY as to any Person means the filing of a petition for relief as to such Person as debtor or bankrupt under the Bankruptcy Code of 1978 or similar provision of law of any jurisdiction (except if such petition is contested by such Person and has been dismissed within 90 days); insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person as finally determined by a court proceeding; filing by such Person of a petition or application to accomplish the same or for the appointment of a receiver or a trustee for such Person or a substantial part of his assets; commencement of any proceedings relating to such Person as a debtor under any other reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, adjustment of debt or liquidation law of any jurisdiction, whether now in existence or hereinafter in effect, either by such Person or by 
 5 

another, provided that if such proceeding is commenced by another, such Person indicates his approval of such proceeding, consents thereto or acquiesces therein, or such proceeding is contested by such Person and has not been finally dismissed within 90 days. EXCEPTED HOLDER LIMIT shall have the meaning set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. FMV Option means a fair market value purchase option giving the Partnership the right, but not the obligation, to acquire Interests from holders thereof at a later time in exchange for Partnership Units. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America from time to time. GENERAL PARTNER means Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, and any Person who becomes a substitute or additional General Partner as provided herein, and any of their successors as General Partner, in such Person s capacity as a General Partner of the Partnership. GENERAL PARTNERSHIP INTEREST means a Partnership Interest held by the General Partner. GENERAL PARTNER LOAN has the meaning provided in Section 5.2(d). HURDLE AMOUNT means for the applicable period, an amount that when annualized would equal 5.0 of the Beginning VPU. INDEMNITEE means (i) any Person made a party to a proceeding by reason of its status as the General Partner or a director, officer or employee of the General Partner or the Partnership, and (ii) such other Persons (including Affiliates of the General Partner or the Partnership) as the General Partner may designate from time to time, in its sole and absolute discretion. INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS shall have the meaning set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. INTERESTS means beneficial interests in specific Delaware statutory trusts offered in Private Placements. INVESTOR SERVICING FEE means a fee paid to the dealer manager of the Private Placements equal to 0.85 per annum of the Net Asset Value Per Unit of each Resulting Series 2 Class T-R Unit, 0.85 per annum of the Net Asset Value Per Unit of each Resulting Series 1 Class S-PR Unit, 0.35 per annum of the Net Asset Value Per Unit of each Resulting Series 2 Class S-PR Unit, and 0.25 per annum of the Net Asset Value Per Unit of each Resulting Class D-PR Unit (calculated monthly in accordance with the Valuation Procedures and in this Agreement, as they may be amended from time to time) which will be allocated to the holders of Series 2 Class T-R Units, Series 1 Class S-PR Units, Series 2 Class S-PR Units or Class D-PR Units, as applicable, through a reduction in their distributions. JOINT VENTURE means any joint venture or general partnership arrangement in which the Partnership is a co-venturer or general partner which are established to acquire Real Property. 
 6 

LIMITED PARTNER means any Person named as a Limited Partner on Exhibit A , including the Special OP Unitholders, Profit Interest Partners, and any Person who becomes a Substitute Limited Partner, in such Person s capacity as a Limited Partner in the Partnership. LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTEREST means the ownership interest of a Limited Partner in the Partnership at any particular time, including the right of such Limited Partner to any and all benefits to which such Limited Partner may be entitled as provided in this Agreement and in the Act, together with the obligations of such Limited Partner to comply with all the provisions of this Agreement and of such Act. LISTING means the listing of the shares of the General Partner s stock, previously issued by the General Partner pursuant to an effective registration statement and such shares currently registered with the Commission pursuant to an effective registration statement, on a national securities exchange or the receipt by holders of shares of the General Partner s stock of securities that are listed on a national securities exchange in exchange for shares of the General Partner s stock. Upon such Listing, the shares shall be deemed LISTED . LOSS has the meaning provided in Section 5.1(g). LOSS CARRYFORWARD AMOUNT means an amount that equaled zero as of September 1, 2017 and cumulatively increases from then by the absolute value of any negative Annual Total Return Amount and decrease by any positive Annual Total Return Amount, provided that the Loss Carryforward Amount shall at no time be less than zero. The effect of the Loss Carryforward Amount is that the recoupment of past Annual Total Return Amount losses will offset the positive Annual Total Return Amount for purposes of the calculation of the Performance Allocation. MINIMUM LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTEREST means the lesser of (i) 1 or (ii) if the total Capital Contributions to the Partnership exceeds 50 million, 1 divided by the ratio of the total Capital Contributions to the Partnership to 50 million; provided, however, that the Minimum Limited Partnership Interest shall not be less than 0.2 at any time. MORTGAGES means, in connection with any mortgage financing provided, invested in, participated in or purchased by the Partnership, all of the notes, deeds of trust, mortgages, security interests or other evidences of indebtedness or obligations, which are secured by or, collateralized by, or applicable to any Real Property owned by the borrowers under such notes, deeds of trust, mortgages, security interests or other evidences of indebtedness or obligations. MULTPLE CLASS PLAN means a written plan adopted by the Board of Directors of the General Partner, as such plan may be amended from time to time, that sets forth the method by which distributions among classes of REIT Shares shall be determined relative to each other, and may set forth other terms of classes of REIT Shares relative to each other. NAV means net asset value, calculated pursuant to the Valuation Procedures and in this Agreement. NAV CALCULATIONS means the calculations used to determine the NAV of the General Partner, the REIT Shares, the Partnership and the Partnership Units, all as provided in the Valuation Procedures and in this Agreement. 
 7 

NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT means, for each Class or Series of Partnership Unit, the net asset value per unit of such Class or Series of Partnership Unit most recently determined in accordance with the Valuation Procedures and in this Agreement. NET ASSET VALUE PER REIT SHARE means, for each Class of REIT Shares, the net asset value per share of such Class of REIT Shares most recently determined in accordance with the Valuation Procedures and in this Agreement. NOTICE OF REDEMPTION means the Notice of Exercise of Redemption Right substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B . OFFER has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(c). OFFERING means the an offer and sale of REIT Shares to the public. OP UNITHOLDERS means all holders of Partnership Interests other than the Special OP Unitholders and Profit Interest Partners. PARTNER means any General Partner or Limited Partner. PARTNER NONRECOURSE DEBT MINIMUM GAIN has the meaning set forth in Regulations Section 1.704- 2(i). A Partner s share of Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain shall be determined in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(5). PARTNERSHIP means AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership. PARTNERSHIP INTEREST means an ownership interest in the Partnership held by either a Limited Partner or the General Partner and includes any and all benefits to which the holder of such a Partnership Interest may be entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with all obligations of such Person to comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. PARTNERSHIP LOAN has the meaning provided in Section 5.2(d) hereof. PARTNERSHIP MINIMUM GAIN has the meaning set forth in Regulations Section 1.704- 2(d). In accordance with Regulations Section 1.704- 2(d), the amount of Partnership Minimum Gain is determined by first computing, for each Partnership nonrecourse liability, any gain the Partnership would realize if it disposed of the property subject to that liability for no consideration other than full satisfaction of the liability, and then aggregating the separately computed gains. A Partner s share of Partnership Minimum Gain shall be determined in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(g)(1). PARTNERSHIP NAV means the NAV of the Partnership, calculated pursuant to the Valuation Procedures and in this Agreement. PARTNERSHIP RECORD DATE means the record date established by the General Partner for the distribution of cash pursuant to Section 5.2, which record date shall be the same as the record date established by the General Partner for a distribution to its shareholders of some or all of its portion of such distribution. PARTNERSHIP UNIT means a fractional, undivided share of the Partnership Interests of all Partners issued hereunder, including Class T-R Units, Class S-R Units, Class E Units, Class I-R Units, Class D-R Units, Class S-PR Units, Class I-PR Units and Class D-PR Units, but excluding the Partnership Interests represented by Special Partnership Units and Profit Interests. 
 8 

The allocation of Partnership Units of each Class and Series among the Partners shall be as set forth on Exhibit A , as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. PERCENTAGE INTEREST means the percentage ownership interest in the Partnership of each Partner, as determined by dividing the Partnership Units owned by a Partner by the total number of Partnership Units then outstanding. The Percentage Interest of each Partner shall be as set forth on Exhibit A , as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. PERFORMANCE ALLOCATION shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(c). PERSON means any individual, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint venture, trust or other entity. PRIVATE PLACEMENT means a private placement of Interests with respect to which the Partnership will be given a FMV Option. PROFIT has the meaning provided in Section 5.1(g) hereof. PROFIT INTEREST PARTNERS means the holders of Profit Interests; provided, that, if such holders of Profit Interests own Partnership Units, then such holders shall be OP Unitholders and not Profit Interest Partners with respect to such Partnership Units. PROFIT INTEREST means a series of Partnership Interests designated by the General Partner as a Profit Interest. The Profit Interests outstanding are set forth on Exhibit A , as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. PROPERTY means any Real Property, Real Estate Securities or other investment in which the Partnership holds an ownership interest. REAL ESTATE SECURITIES means the real estate related securities, or such investments the General Partner and the Advisor mutually designate as Real Estate Securities to the extent such investments could be classified as either Real Estate Securities or Real Property, typically consisting of (i) securities of other real estate investment trusts or real estate companies, (ii) shares of open-end and/or closed-end real estate funds, and (iii) mortgages or interests in pools of mortgages secured by real estate, which are acquired by the Partnership, either directly or through joint venture arrangements or other partnerships. REAL PROPERTY means (i) the real properties, including the buildings located thereon, or (ii) the real properties only, or (iii) the buildings only, which are acquired by the Partnership, either directly or through joint venture arrangements or other partnerships, or (iv) such investments the General Partner and the Advisor mutually designate as Real Property to the extent such investments could be classified as either Real Property or Real Estate Securities. REDEMPTION PRICE means the Value of the REIT Shares Amount as of the end of the Specified Redemption Date. REDEMPTION RIGHT has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a). REDEMPTION SHARES has the meaning provided in Section 8.6(a). REGULATIONS means the Federal income tax regulations promulgated under the Code, as amended and as hereafter amended from time to time. Reference to any particular provision of the Regulations shall mean that provision of the Regulations on the date hereof and any successor provision of the Regulations. 
 9 

REGULATORY ALLOCATIONS has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(f). REIT means a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code. REIT EXPENSES means (i) costs and expenses relating to the formation and continuity of existence and operation of the General Partner and any Subsidiaries thereof (which Subsidiaries shall, for purposes hereof, be included within the definition of General Partner), including taxes, fees and assessments associated therewith, any and all costs, expenses or fees payable to any director, officer, or employee of the General Partner, (ii) costs and expenses relating to any public offering and registration of securities by the General Partner and all statements, reports, fees and expenses incidental thereto, including, without limitation, underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to any such offering of securities, and any costs and expenses associated with any claims made by any holders of such securities or any underwriters or placement agents thereof, (iii) costs and expenses associated with any repurchase of any securities by the General Partner, (iv) costs and expenses associated with the preparation and filing of any periodic or other reports and communications by the General Partner under federal, state or local laws or regulations, including filings with the Commission, (v) costs and expenses associated with compliance by the General Partner with laws, rules and regulations promulgated by any regulatory body, including the Commission and any securities exchange, (vi) costs and expenses associated with any 401(k) plan, incentive plan, bonus plan or other plan providing for compensation for the employees of the General Partner, (vii) costs and expenses incurred by the General Partner relating to any issuing or redemption of Partnership Interests, and (viii) all other operating or administrative costs of the General Partner incurred in the ordinary course of its business on behalf of or in connection with the Partnership. REIT SHARE means a share of common stock in the General Partner (or successor entity, as the case may be), including Class S-PR REIT Shares, Class D-PR REIT Shares, Class I-PR REIT Shares, Class T-R REIT Shares, Class S-R REIT Shares, Class E REIT Shares, Class I-R REIT Shares and Class D-R REIT Shares. REIT SHARES AMOUNT means, with respect to any Class or Series of Tendered Units, a number of REIT Shares of such Class equal to the product of the number of Partnership Units of such Class or Series offered for exchange by a Tendering Party, multiplied by the Conversion Factor for such Class or Series of Partnership Units as adjusted to and including the Specified Redemption Date; provided that in the event the General Partner issues to all holders of REIT Shares rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities entitling the shareholders to subscribe for or purchase REIT Shares, or any other securities or property (collectively, the rights ), and the rights have not expired at the Specified Redemption Date, then the REIT Shares Amount shall also include the rights issuable to a holder of the REIT Shares Amount of REIT Shares on the record date fixed for purposes of determining the holders of REIT Shares entitled to rights. RELATED PARTY means, with respect to any Person, any other Person whose ownership of shares of the General Partner s capital stock would be attributed to the first such Person under Code Section 544 (as modified by Code Section 856(h)(1)(B)). RESULTING CLASS D-PR UNITS means, with respect to any Interests, the Class D-PR Units issued by the Partnership in connection with its exercise of a FMV Option and acquisition of the Interests. 
 10 

RESULTING SERIES 1 CLASS S-PR UNITS means, with respect to any Interests, the Series 1 Class S-PR Units issued by the Partnership in connection with its exercise of a FMV Option and acquisition of the Interests. RESULTING SERIES 2 CLASS S-PR UNITS means, with respect to any Interests, the Series 2 Class S-PR Units issued by the Partnership in connection with its exercise of a FMV Option and acquisition of the Interests. RESULTING SERIES 2 CLASS T-R UNITS means, with respect to any Interests, the Series 2 Class T-R Units issued by the Partnership in connection with its exercise of a FMV Option and acquisition of the Interests. SAFE HARBOR means, the election described in the Safe Harbor Regulation, pursuant to which a partnership and all of its partners may elect to treat the fair market value of a partnership interest that is transferred in connection with the performance of services as being equal to the liquidation value of that interest. SAFE HARBOR ELECTION means the election by a partnership and its partners to apply the Safe Harbor, as described in the Safe Harbor Regulation and Internal Revenue Service Notice 2005-43 , issued on May 19, 2005. SAFE HARBOR REGULATION means Proposed Treasury Regulations Section 1.83-3(l) issued on May 19, 2005. SECURITIES ACT means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. SERIES means a series of a Class of REIT Shares or Partnership Units, as the context may require. SERIES 1 CLASS E UNITS means Class E Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 1 Class E Units. SERIES 1 CLASS S-PR UNITS means Class S-PR Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 1 Class S-PR Units. SERIES 1 CLASS S-R UNITS means Class S-R Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 1 Class S-R Units. SERIES 1 CLASS T-R UNITS means Class T-R Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 1 Class T-R Units. SERIES 2 CLASS E UNITS means Class E Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 2 Class E Units. SERIES 2 CLASS S-PR UNITS means Class S-PR Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 2 Class S-PR Units. SERIES 2 CLASS S-R UNITS means Class S-R Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 2 Class S-R Units. SERIES 2 CLASS T-R UNITS means Class T-R Units with the rights, privileges and obligations set forth for in this Agreement with respect to Series 2 Class T-R Units. 
 11 

SERVICE means the United States Internal Revenue Service. SPECIAL OP UNITHOLDERS means the holders of Special Partnership Units; provided, that, if such holders of Special Partnership Units own Partnership Units, then such holders shall be OP Unitholders and not Special OP Unitholders with respect to such Partnership Units. SPECIAL PARTNERSHIP UNIT means a unit of a series of Partnership Interests, designated as Special Partnership Units. The number of Special Partnership Units outstanding and the Special Percentage Interests in the Partnership represented by such Special Partnership Units are set forth on Exhibit A , as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, the Special Partnership Units are separate and distinct from the Special OP Units described in Section 9.8 of the General Partner s Articles of Incorporation, which were redeemed by the Partnership effective July 12, 2012. SPECIAL PERCENTAGE INTEREST shall mean the percentage ownership interest in the Special Partnership Units of each Special OP Unitholder, as determined by dividing the Special Partnership Units owned by each Special OP Unitholder by the total number of Special Partnership Units then outstanding. The Special Percentage Interest of each Partner shall be as set forth on Exhibit A, as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. SPECIFIED REDEMPTION DATE means, if the Affirmation Date is at least three business days before the end of a month, the last business day of such month, and otherwise the last business day of the month following the month in which the Affirmation Date occurred. SPONSOR PARTIES has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a) hereof. SUBSIDIARY means, with respect to any Person, any corporation or other entity of which the general partner is such Person or of which a majority of (i) the voting power of the voting equity securities or (ii) the outstanding equity interests is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person. SUBSIDIARY PARTNERSHIP means any partnership of which the partnership interests therein are owned by the General Partner or a direct or indirect subsidiary of the General Partner. SUBSTITUTE LIMITED PARTNER means any Person admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner pursuant to Section 9.3. SUCCESSOR ENTITY has the meaning provided in the definition of Conversion Factor contained herein. SURVIVOR has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(d). TAX MATTERS PARTNER has the meaning described in Section 10.5(a). TERMINATION EVENT means the termination or nonrenewal of the Advisory Agreement (i) in connection with a merger, sale of assets or transaction involving the General Partner pursuant to which a majority of the directors of the General Partner then in office are replaced or removed, (ii) by the Advisor for good reason (as defined in the Advisory Agreement) or (iii) by the General Partner other than for cause (as defined in the Advisory Agreement). TENDERED UNITS has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a). 
 12 

TENDERING PARTY has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a). TOTAL COMPENSATION means the aggregate of all Investor Servicing Fees and upfront selling commissions, placement fees and other upfront fees paid to the Dealer Manager with respect to Resulting Series 1 Class S-PR Units, Resulting Series 2 Class S-PR Units, Resulting Series 2 Class T-R Units, or Resulting Class D-PR Units as applicable, including all such compensation paid during the period prior to the exercise of the FMV Option, when such units were Interests. TOTAL EQUITY AMOUNT means the cash purchase price of Interests in a Private Placement less the amount of any loan from the Partnership or any of its affiliates to finance a portion of such purchase price. TRANSACTION has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(c). TRANSFER has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(a). VALUATION PROCEDURES means written valuation procedures adopted by the Board of Directors of the General Partner, as such procedures may be amended from time to time, that set forth the method by which the net asset value per each Class of REIT Share and Class or Series of Partnership Unit shall be calculated. Pursuant to such Valuation Procedures, certain Classes or Series of Partnership Units are each economically equivalent to a corresponding class of REIT Shares. Pursuant to this Agreement, those are as follows: Series 1 Class E Units and Series 2 Class E Units are economically equivalent to Class E REIT Shares. Series 1 Class S-R Units are economically equivalent to Class S-R REIT Shares. Series 1 Class T-R Units and Series 2 Class T-R Units are economically equivalent to Class T-R REIT Shares. Class D-R Units are economically equivalent to Class D-R REIT Shares. Class I-R Units are economically equivalent to Class I-R REIT Shares. Series 1 Class S-PR Units are economically equivalent to Class S-PR REIT Shares. Class D-PR Units are economically equivalent to Class D-PR REIT Shares. Class I-PR Units are economically equivalent to Class I-PR REIT Shares. 
 Series 2 Class S-PR Units and Series 2 Class S-R Units, however, are not economically equivalent to any Class of REIT Shares. The Net Asset Value Per Unit of Series 2 Class S-PR Units shall, upon their initial issuance, be set at the Net Asset Value Per Unit of Series 1 Class S-PR Units, and thereafter adjusted as described in the Valuation Procedures as if they were a separate Class of REIT Shares, taking into account their specific economic terms (specifically, their specific dividends and ongoing Distribution Fees) set forth herein. The Net Asset Value Per Unit of Series 2 Class S-R Units shall, upon their initial issuance, be set at the Net Asset Value Per Unit of Series 1 Class S-R Units, and thereafter adjusted as described in the Valuation 
 13 

Procedures as if they were a separate Class of REIT Shares, taking into account their specific economic terms (specifically, their specific dividends and ongoing Distribution Fees) set forth herein. VALUE means, for each Class of REIT Shares, the fair market value per share of that Class of REIT Shares which will equal: (i) if REIT Shares of that Class are Listed, the average closing price per share for the previous thirty business days, or (ii) if REIT Shares of that Class are not Listed, the Net Asset Value Per REIT Share for REIT Shares of that Class. VPU means average value per Partnership Unit, which on any given date shall be equal to (i) the Partnership NAV on such date, divided by (ii) the aggregate number of Partnership Units of all Classes and Series outstanding on such date. WEIGHTED-AVERAGE DISTRIBUTIONS PER PARTNERSHIP UNIT shall mean, for a particular period of time, an amount equal to the ratio of (i) the aggregate distributions paid or accrued in respect of all Partnership Units during the applicable period, divided by (ii) the weighted-average number of Partnership Units of all Classes and Series outstanding during the applicable period, calculated in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. 1.2 Interpretation . The definitions in Section 1.1 shall apply equally to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Wherever the context may require, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. For all purposes of this Agreement, the term control and variations thereof shall mean possession of the authority to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the specified entity, through the direct or indirect ownership of equity interests therein, by contract or otherwise. As used in this Agreement, the words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. As used in this Agreement, the terms herein, hereof and hereunder shall refer to this Agreement in its entirety. Any references in this Agreement to Sections or Articles shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to Sections or Articles, respectively, in this Agreement. Any references in this Agreement to an Exhibit shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to an Exhibit attached to this Agreement. Each such Exhibit shall be deemed incorporated in this Agreement in full. 

 14 

Article 2 PARTNERSHIP FORMATION AND IDENTIFICATION 
 2.1 Formation . The Partnership was formed as a limited partnership pursuant to and in accordance with the Act by, among other steps, the entering into of the initial partnership agreement (within the meaning of the Act) by the initial general partner of the Partnership and the initial limited partner of the Partnership and by the entering into and filing of the initial certificate of limited partnership (within the meaning of the Act) by the initial general partner of the Partnership with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
 2.2 Name, Office and Registered Agent . The name of the Partnership is AREIT Operating Partnership LP. The specified office and place of business of the Partnership shall be One Tabor Center, 1200 Seventeenth Street, Suite 2900, Denver, Colorado 80202. The General Partner may at any time change the location of such office, provided the General Partner gives notice to the Partners of any such change. The name and address of the Partnership s registered agent is Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808. The sole duty of the registered agent as such is to forward to the Partnership any notice that is served on him as registered agent. 
 2.3 Partners . 
 (a) The General Partner of the Partnership is Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation. Its principal place of business is the same as that of the Partnership. 
 (b) The Limited Partners are those Persons identified as Limited Partners on Exhibit A hereto, as amended from time to time. 
 2.4 Term and Dissolution . 
 (a) The term of the Partnership shall be perpetual, except that the Partnership shall be dissolved upon the first to occur of any of the following events: 
 (i) The occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to a General Partner or the dissolution, death, removal or withdrawal of a General Partner unless the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3(b); provided that if a General Partner is on the date of such occurrence a partnership, the dissolution of such General Partner as a result of the dissolution, death, withdrawal, removal or Event of Bankruptcy of a partner in such partnership shall not be an event of dissolution of the Partnership if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners, either alone or with additional partners, and such General Partner and such partners comply with any other applicable requirements of this Agreement; 
 (ii) The passage of ninety (90) days after the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership (provided that if the Partnership receives an installment obligation as consideration for such sale or other 

 15 

disposition, the Partnership shall continue, unless sooner dissolved under the provisions of this Agreement, until such time as such note or notes are paid in full); or 
 (iii) The election by the General Partner that the Partnership should be dissolved. 
 (b) Upon dissolution of the Partnership (unless the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3(b)), the General Partner (or its trustee, receiver, successor or legal representative) shall amend or cancel any Certificate(s) and liquidate the Partnership s assets and apply and distribute the proceeds thereof in accordance with Section 5.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the liquidating General Partner may either (i) defer liquidation of, or withhold from distribution for a reasonable time, any assets of the Partnership (including those necessary to satisfy the Partnership s debts and obligations), or (ii) distribute the assets to the Partners in kind. 
 2.5 Filing of Certificate and Perfection of Limited Partnership . The General Partner shall execute, acknowledge, record and file at the expense of the Partnership, any and all amendments to the Certificate(s) and all requisite fictitious name statements and notices in such places and jurisdictions as may be necessary to cause the Partnership to be treated as a limited partnership under, and otherwise to comply with, the laws of each state or other jurisdiction in which the Partnership conducts business. 
 2.6 Certificates Describing Partnership Units, Special Partnership Units and Profit Interests . At the request of a Limited Partner, the General Partner, at its option, may issue (but in no way is obligated to issue) a certificate summarizing the terms of such Limited Partner s interest in the Partnership, including the number and Class or Series of Partnership Units, Special Partnership Units or Profit Interests owned and the Percentage Interest and Special Percentage Interest represented by any such Partnership Units or Special Partnership Units as of the date of such certificate. Any such certificate (i) shall be in form and substance as approved by the General Partner, (ii) shall not be negotiable and (iii) shall bear a legend to the following effect: 
 This certificate is not negotiable. The Partnership Units, Special Partnership Units and Profit Interests represented by this certificate are governed by and transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the Limited Partnership Agreement of AREIT Operating Partnership LP, as amended from time to time. Article 3 BUSINESS OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
 The purpose and nature of the business to be conducted by the Partnership is (i) to conduct any business that may be lawfully conducted by a limited partnership organized pursuant to the Act, provided, however, that such business shall be limited to and conducted in such a manner as to permit the General Partner at all times to qualify as a REIT, unless the General Partner otherwise ceases to qualify as a REIT, and in a manner such that the General Partner will not be subject to any taxes under Section 857 or 4981 of the Code, (ii) to enter into any partnership, joint venture or other similar arrangement to engage in any of the foregoing or 
 16 

the ownership of interests in any entity engaged in any of the foregoing and (iii) to do anything necessary or incidental to the foregoing. In connection with the foregoing, and without limiting the General Partner s right in its sole and absolute discretion to qualify or cease qualifying as a REIT, the Partners acknowledge that the General Partner intends to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and upon such qualification the avoidance of income and excise taxes on the General Partner inures to the benefit of all the Partners and not solely to the General Partner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Limited Partners agree that the General Partner may terminate its status as a REIT under the Code at any time to the full extent permitted under the Articles of Incorporation. The General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall also be empowered to do any and all acts and things necessary or prudent to ensure that the Partnership will not be classified as a publicly traded partnership for purposes of Section 7704 of the Code. Article 4 CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACCOUNTS 
 4.1 Capital Contributions . The General Partner and the Limited Partners have made capital contributions to the Partnership in exchange for the Partnership Interests set forth opposite their names on Exhibit A , as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. The Partners shall own Partnership Units, Special Partnership Units and Profit Interests of the Class or Series and in the amounts set forth in Exhibit A and shall have a Percentage Interest in the Partnership as set forth in Exhibit A . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may keep Exhibit A current through separate revisions to the books and records of the Partnership that reflect periodic changes to the capital contributions made by the Partners and redemptions and other purchases of Partnership Units by the Partnership, and corresponding changes to the Partnership Interests of the Partners, without preparing a formal amendment to this Agreement, provided that such amendment shall be prepared upon the written request of any Limited Partner. 
 4.2 Classes and Series of Partnership Units . The General Partner is hereby authorized to cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Units designated as Class E Units (which may be designated by the General Partner upon issuance as Series 1 Class E Units or Series 2 Class E Units; provided, that all Class E Units issued to the General Partner shall be Series 1 Class E Units, and all other Class E Units issued prior to March 2, 2016 shall be Series 1 Class E Units), Class T-R Units (which may be designated by the General Partner upon issuance as Series 1 Class T-R Units or Series 2 Class T-R Units; provided, that all Class T-R Units issued to the General Partner shall be Series 1 Class T-R Units), Class S-R Units (which may be designated by the General Partner upon issuance as Series 1 Class S-R Units or Series 2 Class S-R Units; provided, that all Class S-R Units issued to the General Partner shall be Series 1 Class S-R Units), Class I-R Units, Class D-R Units, Class S-PR Units (which may be designated by the General Partner upon issuance as Series 1 Class S-PR Units or Series 2 Class S-PR Units; provided, that all Class S-PR Units issued to the General Partner shall be Series 1 Class S-PR Units), Class D-PR Units and Class I-PR Units. Each such Class shall have the rights and obligations attributed to that Class under this Agreement. 
 Immediately following the time (if any) that either (i) Total Compensation paid with respect to Series 1 Class S-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement or (ii) the aggregate Investor Servicing Fees paid with respect to Resulting Series 1 Class S-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement equals or 
 17 

exceeds such percentage of the Total Equity Amount (if any) as set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker-dealer (provided that the Dealer Manager advises the General Partner s transfer agent in writing of such percentage, including whether such percentage will be calculated in accordance with (i) or (ii) of this sentence), all such Series 1 Class S-PR Units (or fraction thereof) shall automatically convert to a number of Class I-PR Units equal to the product of (x) the number of such Resulting Series 1 Class S-PR Units and (y) the Value of Class S-PR Units divided by the Value of Class I-PR Units. Immediately following the time (if any) that either (i) Total Compensation paid with respect to Series 2 Class S-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement or (ii) the aggregate Investor Servicing Fees paid with respect to Resulting Series 2 Class S-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement equals or exceeds such percentage of the Total Equity Amount (if any) as set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker-dealer (provided that the Dealer Manager advises the General Partner s transfer agent in writing of such percentage, including whether such percentage will be calculated in accordance with (i) or (ii) of this sentence), all such Series 2 Class S-PR Units (or fraction thereof) shall automatically convert to a number of Class I-PR Units equal to the product of (x) the number of such Resulting Series 2 Class S-PR Units and (y) the Value of Class S-PR Units divided by the Value of Class I-PR Units. Immediately following the time (if any) that either (i) Total Compensation paid with respect to Class D-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement or (ii) the aggregate Investor Servicing Fees paid with respect to Resulting Class D-PR Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement equals or exceeds such percentage of the Total Equity Amount (if any) as set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker-dealer (provided that the Dealer Manager advises the General Partner s transfer agent in writing of such percentage, including whether such percentage will be calculated in accordance with (i) or (ii) of this sentence), all such Class D-PR Units (or fraction thereof) shall automatically convert to a number of Class I-PR Units equal to the product of (x) the number of such Resulting Class D-PR Units and (y) the Value of Class D-PR Units divided by the Value of Class I-PR Units. Immediately following the time (if any) that either (i) Total Compensation paid with respect to Series 2 Class T-R Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement or (ii) the aggregate Investor Servicing Fees paid with respect to Resulting Series 2 Class T-R Units related to a single purchase of Interests in a Private Placement equals or exceeds such percentage of the Total Equity Amount as set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker-dealer (provided that the Dealer Manager advises the General Partner s transfer agent in writing of such percentage, including whether such percentage will be calculated in accordance with (i) or (ii) of this sentence), all such Series 2 Class T-R Units (or fraction thereof) shall automatically convert to a number of Class I-R Units equal to the product of (x) the number of such Resulting Series 2 Class T-R Units and (y) the Value of Class T-R Units divided by the Value of Class I-R Units. The General Partner is hereby authorized to designate and cause the Partnership to issue Profit Interests in multiple Series via award letters with the rights and obligations of such Profit Interests set forth in such award letters or an exhibit thereto. 
 18 

4.3 Additional Capital Contributions and Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests . Except as provided in this Section 4.3 or in Section 4.4, the Partners shall have no right or obligation to make any additional Capital Contributions or loans to the Partnership. The General Partner may contribute additional capital to the Partnership, from time to time, and receive additional Partnership Interests in respect thereof, in the manner contemplated in this Section 4.3. 
 (a) Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests . 
 (i) General . The General Partner is hereby authorized to cause the Partnership to issue such additional Partnership Interests in the form of Partnership Units for any Partnership purpose at any time or from time to time, including but not limited to Partnership Units issued in connection with acquisitions of properties, to the Partners (including the General Partner) or to other Persons for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as shall be established by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion, all without the approval of any Limited Partners. Any additional Partnership Interests issued thereby may be issued in one or more Classes (including the Classes specified in this Agreement or any other Classes), or one or more Series (including the Series specified in this Agreement or any other Series) of any of such Classes, with such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, powers and duties, including rights, powers and duties senior to Limited Partnership Interests, all as shall be determined by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion and without the approval of any Limited Partner, subject to Delaware law, including, without limitation, (i) the allocations of items of Partnership income, gain, loss, deduction and credit to each such Class or Series of Partnership Interests; (ii) the right of each such Class or Series of Partnership Interests to share in Partnership distributions; and (iii) the rights of each such Class or Series of Partnership Interests upon dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership; provided, however, that no additional Partnership Interests shall be issued to the General Partner unless: 
 (1) (A) the additional Partnership Interests are issued in connection with an issuance of REIT Shares of or other interests in the General Partner, which shares or interests have designations, preferences and other rights, all such that the economic interests are substantially similar to the designations, preferences and other rights of the additional Partnership Interests issued to the General Partner by the Partnership in accordance with this Section 4.3 (without limiting the foregoing, for example, the Partnership shall issue Class D-R Units to the General Partner in connection with the issuance of Class D-R REIT Shares) and (B) the General Partner shall make a Capital Contribution to the Partnership in an amount equal to the proceeds raised in connection with the issuance of such shares of stock of or other interests in the General Partner; 
 (2) the additional Partnership Interests are issued in exchange for property owned by the General Partner with a fair market value, as 

 19 

determined by the General Partner, in good faith, equal to the value of the Partnership Interests; or 
 (3) the additional Partnership Interests are issued to all Partners holding Partnership Units in proportion to their respective Percentage Interests. 
 Without limiting the foregoing, the General Partner is expressly authorized to cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Units for less than fair market value, so long as the General Partner concludes in good faith that such issuance is in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership. (ii) Upon Issuance of Additional Securities . The General Partner shall not issue any Additional Securities other than to all holders of REIT Shares, unless (A) the General Partner shall cause the Partnership to issue to the General Partner, as the General Partner may designate, Partnership Interests or rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities of the Partnership having designations, preferences and other rights, all such that the economic interests are substantially similar to those of the Additional Securities, and (B) the General Partner contributes the proceeds from the issuance of such Additional Securities and from any exercise of rights contained in such Additional Securities, directly and through the General Partner, to the Partnership (without limiting the foregoing, for example, if the General Partner issues Class D-R REIT Shares, then the General Partner shall contribute the proceeds of the issuance of the Class D-R REIT Shares to the Partnership and shall cause the Partnership to issue Class D-R Units to the General Partner); provided, however, that the General Partner is allowed to issue Additional Securities in connection with an acquisition of a property to be held directly by the General Partner, but if and only if, such direct acquisition and issuance of Additional Securities have been approved and determined to be in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership. Without limiting the foregoing, the General Partner is expressly authorized to issue Additional Securities for less than fair market value, and to cause the Partnership to issue to the General Partner corresponding Partnership Interests, so long as (x) the General Partner concludes in good faith that such issuance is in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership, including without limitation, the issuance of REIT Shares and corresponding Partnership Units pursuant to an employee share purchase plan providing for employee purchases of REIT Shares at a discount from fair market value or employee stock options that have an exercise price that is less than the fair market value of the REIT Shares, either at the time of issuance or at the time of exercise, and (y) the General Partner contributes all proceeds from such issuance to the Partnership. For example, in the event the General Partner issues Class D-R REIT Shares for a cash purchase price and contributes all of the proceeds of such issuance to the Partnership as required hereunder, the General Partner shall be issued a number of additional Class D-R Units equal to the product of (A) the number of such Class D-R REIT Shares issued by the General Partner, the proceeds of which were so contributed, multiplied by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which 

 20 

is 100 , and the denominator of which is the Conversion Factor for Class D-R Units in effect on the date of such contribution. 
 (b) Certain Deemed Contributions of Proceeds of Issuance of REIT Shares . In connection with any and all issuances of REIT Shares, the General Partner shall make Capital Contributions to the Partnership of the proceeds therefrom, provided that if the proceeds actually received and contributed by the General Partner are less than the gross proceeds of such issuance as a result of any underwriter s discount or other expenses paid or incurred in connection with such issuance, then the General Partner shall be deemed to have made Capital Contributions to the Partnership in the aggregate amount of the gross proceeds of such issuance and the Partnership shall be deemed simultaneously to have paid such offering expenses in accordance with Section 6.5 and in connection with the required issuance of additional Partnership Units to the General Partner for such Capital Contributions pursuant to Section 4.3(a). 
 (c) Minimum Limited Partnership Interest . In the event that either a redemption pursuant to Section 8.5 or additional Capital Contributions by the General Partner would result in the Limited Partners, in the aggregate, owning less than the Minimum Limited Partnership Interest, the General Partner and the Limited Partners shall form another partnership and contribute sufficient Limited Partnership Interests together with such other Limited Partners so that the limited partners of such partnership own at least the Minimum Limited Partnership Interest. 
 4.4 Additional Funding . If the General Partner determines that it is in the best interests of the Partnership to provide for additional Partnership funds Additional Funds for any Partnership purpose, the General Partner may (i) cause the Partnership to obtain such funds from outside borrowings, or (ii) elect to have the General Partner or any of its Affiliates provide such Additional Funds to the Partnership through loans or otherwise. 
 4.5 Capital Accounts . A separate capital account (a Capital Account shall be established and maintained for each Partner in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv). If (i) a new or existing Partner acquires an additional Partnership Interest in exchange for more than a de minimis Capital Contribution, (ii) the Partnership distributes to a Partner more than a de minimis amount of Partnership property or money as consideration for a Partnership Interest, (iii) the Partnership is liquidated within the meaning of Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g), or (iv) the Partnership grants a Partnership Interest (other than a de minimis interest) as consideration for the provision of services to or for the benefit of the Partnership, the General Partner shall revalue the property of the Partnership to its fair market value (as determined by the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, and taking into account Section 7701(g) of the Code) in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f). When the Partnership s property is revalued by the General Partner, the Capital Accounts of the Partners shall be adjusted in accordance with Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f) and (g), which generally require such Capital Accounts to be adjusted to reflect the manner in which the unrealized gain or loss inherent in such property (that has not been reflected in the Capital Accounts previously) would be allocated among the Partners pursuant to Section 5.1 if there were a taxable disposition of such property for its fair market value (as determined by the General 

 21 

Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, and taking into account Section 7701(g) of the Code) on the date of the revaluation. 
 4.6 Percentage Interests . If the number of outstanding Partnership Units increases or decreases during a taxable year, each Partner s Percentage Interest shall be adjusted by the General Partner effective as of the effective date of each such increase or decrease to a percentage equal to the number of Partnership Units held by such Partner divided by the aggregate number of Partnership Units outstanding after giving effect to such increase or decrease. If the Partners Percentage Interests are adjusted pursuant to this Section 4.6, the Profits and Losses for the taxable year in which the adjustment occurs shall be allocated between the part of the year ending on the day when the Partnership s property is revalued by the General Partner and the part of the year beginning on the following day either (i) as if the taxable year had ended on the date of the adjustment or (ii) based on the number of days in each part. The General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine which method shall be used to allocate Profits and Losses for the taxable year in which the adjustment occurs. The allocation of Profits and Losses for the earlier part of the year shall be based on the Percentage Interests before adjustment, and the allocation of Profits and Losses for the later part shall be based on the adjusted Percentage Interests. 
 4.7 No Interest On Contributions . No Partner shall be entitled to interest on its Capital Contribution. 
 4.8 Return Of Capital Contributions . No Partner shall be entitled to withdraw any part of its Capital Contribution or its Capital Account or to receive any distribution from the Partnership, except as specifically provided in this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, there shall be no obligation to return to any Partner or withdrawn Partner any part of such Partner s Capital Contribution for so long as the Partnership continues in existence. 
 4.9 No Third Party Beneficiary . No creditor or other third party having dealings with the Partnership shall have the right to enforce the right or obligation of any Partner to make Capital Contributions or loans or to pursue any other right or remedy hereunder or at law or in equity, it being understood and agreed that the provisions of this Agreement shall be solely for the benefit of, and may be enforced solely by, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. None of the rights or obligations of the Partners herein set forth to make Capital Contributions or loans to the Partnership shall be deemed an asset of the Partnership for any purpose by any creditor or other third party, nor may such rights or obligations be sold, transferred or assigned by the Partnership or pledged or encumbered by the Partnership to secure any debt or other obligation of the Partnership or of any of the Partners. In addition, it is the intent of the parties hereto that no distribution to any Limited Partner shall be deemed a return of money or other property in violation of the Act. However, if any court of competent jurisdiction holds that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement, any Limited Partner is obligated to return such money or property, such obligation shall be the obligation of such Limited Partner and not of the General Partner. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a deficit Capital Account of a Partner shall not be deemed to be a liability of such Partner nor an asset or property of the Partnership. 

 22 

Article 5 PROFITS AND LOSSES; DISTRIBUTIONS 
 5.1 Allocation of Profit and Loss . 
 (a) General Partner Gross Income Allocation . There shall be specially allocated to the General Partner an amount of (i) first, items of Partnership income and (ii) second, items of Partnership gain during each fiscal year or other applicable period, before any other allocations are made hereunder, in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the cumulative distributions made to the General Partner under Section 6.5(b) over the cumulative allocations of Partnership income and gain to the General Partner under this Section 5.1(a). 
 (b) General Allocations . The items of Profit and Loss of the Partnership for each fiscal year or other applicable period, other than any items allocated under Section 5.1(a), shall be allocated among the Partners in a manner that will, as nearly as possible (after giving effect to the allocations under Section 5.1(a), 5.1(c), 5.1(d), 5.1(e), 5.1(h) and 5.1(i)) cause the Capital Account balance of each Partner at the end of such fiscal year or other applicable period to equal (i) the amount of the hypothetical distribution that such Partner would receive if the Partnership were liquidated on the last day of such period and all assets of the Partnership, including cash, were sold for cash equal to their Carrying Values, taking into account any adjustments thereto for such period, all liabilities of the Partnership were satisfied in full in cash according to their terms (limited with respect to each nonrecourse liability to the Carrying Value of the assets securing such liability) and the remaining cash proceeds (after satisfaction of such liabilities) were distributed in full pursuant to Section 5.6, minus (ii) the sum of such Partner s share of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain and the amount, if any and without duplication, that the Partner would be obligated to contribute to the capital of the Partnership, all computed as of the date of the hypothetical sale of assets . 
 (c) Nonrecourse Deductions; Minimum Gain Chargeback . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, (i) any expense of the Partnership that is a nonrecourse deduction within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(1) shall be allocated in accordance with the Partners respective Percentage Interests, (ii) any expense of the Partnership that is a partner nonrecourse deduction within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(2) shall be allocated to the Partner or Partners that bear the economic risk of loss with respect to the liability to which such deductions are attributable in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(1), (iii) if there is a net decrease in Partnership Minimum Gain within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-2(f)(1) for any Partnership taxable year, then, subject to the exceptions set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-2(f)(2),(3), (4) and (5), items of gain and income shall be allocated among the Partners in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(f) and the ordering rules contained in Regulations Section 1.704-2(j), and (iv) if there is a net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4) for any Partnership taxable year, then, subject to the exceptions set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-(2)(g), items of gain and income shall be allocated 

 23 

among the Partners in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4) and the ordering rules contained in Regulations Section 1.704-2(j). A Partner s interest in partnership profits for purposes of determining its share of the excess nonrecourse liabilities of the Partnership within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.752-3(a)(3) shall be such Partner s Percentage Interest. 
 (d) Qualified Income Offset . If a Partner unexpectedly receives in any taxable year an adjustment, allocation, or distribution described in subparagraphs (4), (5), or (6) of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) that causes or increases a deficit balance in such Partner s Capital Account that exceeds the sum of such Partner s shares of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain, as determined in accordance with Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5), such Partner shall be allocated specially for such taxable year (and, if necessary, later taxable years) items of income and gain in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate such excess deficit Capital Account balance as quickly as possible as provided in Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d). This Section 5.1(d) is intended to constitute a qualified income offset under Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) of the Regulations and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. After the occurrence of an allocation of income or gain to a Partner in accordance with this Section 5.1(d), to the extent permitted by Regulations Section 1.704-1(b), items of expense or loss shall be allocated to such Partner in an amount necessary to offset the income or gain previously allocated to such Partner under this Section 5.1(d). 
 (e) Capital Account Deficits . Loss (or items of expense or loss) shall not be allocated to a Limited Partner to the extent that such allocation would cause or increase a deficit in such Partner s Capital Account at the end of any fiscal year (after reduction to reflect the items described in Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6)) to exceed the sum of such Partner s shares of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain, as determined in accordance with Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5). Any Loss or item of expense or loss in excess of that limitation shall be allocated to the General Partner. After an allocation to the General Partner under the immediately preceding sentence, to the extent permitted by Regulations Section 1.704-1(b), Profit or items of income or gain shall be allocated to the General Partner in an amount necessary to offset the items allocated to the General Partner under the immediately preceding sentence. 
 (f) Allocations Between Transferor and Transferee . If a Partner transfers any part or all of its Partnership Interest, the distributive shares of the various items of Profit and Loss allocable among the Partners during such fiscal year of the Partnership shall be allocated between the transferor and the transferee Partner either (i) as if the Partnership s fiscal year had ended on the date of the transfer, or (ii) based on the number of days of such fiscal year that each was a Partner without regard to the results of Partnership activities in the respective portions of such fiscal year in which the transferor and the transferee were Partners. The General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine which method shall be used to allocate the distributive shares of the various items of Profit and Loss between the transferor and the transferee Partner. 

 24 

(g) Definition of Profit and Loss . Profit and Loss and any items of income, gain, expense, or loss referred to in this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with federal income tax accounting principles, as modified by Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv), except that Profit and Loss shall not include items of income, gain and expense that are specially allocated pursuant to Section 5.1(a), 5.1(c), 5.1(d), 5.1(e), or 5.1(h). All allocations of Profit and Loss (and all items contained therein) for federal income tax purposes shall be identical to all allocations of such items set forth in this Section 5.1, except as otherwise required by Section 704(c) of the Code and Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(4). The General Partner shall have the authority to elect the method to be used by the Partnership for allocating items of income, gain, and expense as required by Section 704(c) of the Code including a method that may result in a Partner receiving a disproportionately larger share of the Partnership tax depreciation deductions, and such election shall be binding on all Partners. 
 (h) Special Allocations of Class-Specific Items . To the extent that any items of income, gain, loss or deduction of the General Partner are allocable to a specific Class or Classes of REIT Shares pursuant to the Multiple Class Plan, such items, or an amount equal thereto, may be specially allocated to Classes or Series of Partnership Units pursuant to the Multiple Class Plan. 
 (i) Curative Allocations . The allocations set forth in Section 5.1(c), (d) and (e) of this Agreement (the Regulatory Allocations are intended to comply with certain requirements of the Regulations. The General Partner is authorized to offset all Regulatory Allocations either with other Regulatory Allocations or with special allocations of other items of Partnership income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant to this Section 5.1(i). Therefore, notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 5.1 (other than the Regulatory Allocations), the General Partner shall make such offsetting special allocations of Partnership income, gain, loss or deduction in whatever manner it deems appropriate so that, after such offsetting allocations are made, each Partner s Capital Account is, to the extent possible, equal to the Capital Account balance such Partner would have had if the Regulatory Allocations were not part of this Agreement and all Partnership items were allocated pursuant to Sections 5.1(a), (b), (f) and (h). 
 5.2 Distribution of Cash . 
 (a) The Partnership shall distribute cash on a quarterly (or, at the election of the General Partner, more frequent) basis, in an amount determined by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion, to the Partners who are Partners on the Partnership Record Date with respect to such quarter (or other distribution period) in accordance with Section 5.2(b); provided, however, that if a new or existing Partner acquires an additional Partnership Interest in exchange for a Capital Contribution on any date other than a Partnership Record Date, the cash distribution attributable to such additional Partnership Interest relating to the Partnership Record Date next following the issuance of such additional Partnership Interest shall be reduced in the proportion equal to one minus (i) the number of days that such additional Partnership Interest is held by such Partner bears to (ii) the number of days between such Partnership Record Date and the immediately preceding Partnership Record Date. 

 25 

(b) Except for distributions pursuant to Section 5.6 in connection with the dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership and subject to the provisions of Sections 5.2(c), 5.2(d), 5.2(e), 5.3 and 5.5, all distributions of cash shall be made to the Partners in accordance with their respective Percentage Interests on the Partnership Record Date, except that the amount distributed per Partnership Unit of any Class or Series may differ from the amount per Partnership Unit of another Class or Series on account of differences with respect to Distribution Fees. Any such differences shall correspond to differences in the amount of Distribution Fees and distributions per REIT Share for REIT Shares of different Classes, as described in the Multiple Class Plan, with the same adjustments being made to the amount of distributions per Partnership Unit for Partnership Units of a particular Class as are made to the distributions per REIT Share by the General Partner with respect to REIT Shares having the same Class designation; provided, however, that (1) distributions with respect to Series 2 Class S-PR Units shall be adjusted in the same manner but correspond to their specific Distribution Fee, which is equal to 0.35 per annum of the aggregate Net Asset Value Per Unit of the outstanding Series 2 Class S-PR Units and (2) distributions with respect to Series 2 Class S-R Units shall be adjusted in the same manner but correspond to their specific Distribution Fee, which is equal to 0.35 per annum of the aggregate Net Asset Value Per Unit of the outstanding Series 2 Class S-R Units. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as the Advisory Agreement has not been terminated (including by means of non-renewal), the Special OP Unitholders shall be entitled to a distribution (the Performance Allocation ), promptly following the end of each year (which shall accrue on a monthly basis) in an amount equal to: 
 (i) the lesser of (A) the amount equal to 12.5 of (1) the Annual Total Return Amount less (2) the Loss Carryforward Amount, and (B) the amount equal to (x) the Annual Total Return Amount, less (y) the Loss Carryforward Amount, less (z) the Hurdle Amount; multiplied by: (ii) the weighted-average number of Partnership Units outstanding during the applicable year, calculated in accordance with GAAP as applied on a consistent basis; (iii) provided, that the Performance Allocation shall at no time be less than zero. Except as described in the definition of Loss Carryforward Amount in this Agreement, any amount by which the Annual Total Return Amount falls below the Hurdle Amount will not be carried forward to subsequent periods. If the Performance Allocation is distributable pursuant to this Section 5.2(c), the Special OP Unitholders shall be entitled to such distribution even in the event that the total percentage return to OP Unitholders over any longer or shorter period, or the total percentage return to any particular OP Unitholder over the same, longer or shorter period, has been less than the Annual Total Return Amount used to calculate the Hurdle Amount. The Special OP Unitholders shall not be obligated to return any portion of any Performance Allocation paid based on the General Partner s or the Partnership s subsequent performance. 
 26 

The Performance Allocation with respect to any calendar year is generally distributable after the completion of the NAV Calculations for December of such year. The Performance Allocation shall be distributable for each calendar year in which the Advisory Agreement is in effect, even if the Advisory Agreement is in effect for a partial calendar year. If the Performance Allocation is distributable with respect to any partial calendar year, the Performance Allocation shall be calculated based on the annualized total return amount determined using the total return achieved for the period of such partial calendar year. In the event the Advisory Agreement is terminated or its term expires without renewal, the partial period Performance Allocation shall be calculated and due and distributable upon the date of such termination or non-renewal. In such event, for purposes of determining the Annual Total Return Amount, the change in VPU shall be determined based on a good faith estimate of what the NAV Calculations would be as of that date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph, upon the triggering of a Pro-Rata Period as defined in the General Partner s Second Amended and Restated Share Redemption Program, effective as of December 10, 2018 (as it may be amended from time to time, the SRP ), distribution of the Performance Allocation shall be deferred until all REIT Share redemption requests under the SRP are satisfied. In the event the Partnership commences a liquidation of its Assets during any calendar year, the Special OP Unitholders shall be distributed the Performance Allocation from the proceeds of the liquidation and the Performance Allocation shall be calculated at the end of the liquidation period prior to the distribution of the liquidation proceeds to the OP Unitholders. The calculation of the Performance Allocation for any partial year shall be calculated consistent with the applicable provisions of this Section 5.2(c). At the election of the Special OP Unitholders, with respect to each calendar year, all or a portion of the Performance Allocation shall be paid instead to the Advisor as a fee as set forth in the Advisory Agreement. If the Special OP Unitholders do not elect on or before the first day of a calendar year to have all or a portion of the Performance Allocation paid as a fee to the Advisor, then the Performance Allocation with respect to such calendar year shall be distributable to the Special OP Unitholders as set forth in this Section 5.2(c); provided, however, that the Performance Component shall be paid to the Advisor as a fee as set forth in the Advisory Agreement with respect to the calendar year 2018. The Performance Allocation may be payable in cash or as a distribution of Class I-R Units or any combination thereof at the election of the Special OP Unitholders. If the Special OP Unitholders elect to receive such distributions in Class I-R Units, the Special OP Unitholders will receive the number of Class I-R Units that results from dividing an amount equal to the value of the Performance Allocation by the NAV per Class I-R Unit at the time of such distribution. If the Special OP Unitholders elect to receive such distributions in Class I-R Units, the Special OP Unitholders may request the Partnership to redeem such Class I-R Units from the Special OP Unitholders at any time thereafter pursuant to Section 8.5. The measurement of the change in VPU for the purpose of calculating the Annual Total Return Amount is subject to adjustment by the Board of Directors of the General Partner to account for any dividend, split, recapitalization or any other similar change in the Partnership s capital structure or any distributions that the Board of Directors of the General 
 27 

Partner deems to be a return of capital if such changes are not already reflected in the Partnership s net assets. If as of the end of the last month of the applicable period the NAV of a Series 1 Class E Unit is less than 10.00 per unit, the Special OP Unitholders will waive that portion of the Performance Allocation otherwise distributable to them in an amount equal to the product of (a) the Performance Allocation for the applicable period, and (b) the weighted-average number of Series 1 Class E Units outstanding over the applicable period divided by the weighted-average number of Partnership Units outstanding over the same period. In this manner, the holders of each class of Partnership Units will benefit from this waiver pro rata in accordance with their particular class s portion of Partnership NAV. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner is authorized to take any action that it determines to be necessary or appropriate to cause the Partnership to comply with any withholding requirements established under the Code or any other federal, state or local law including, without limitation, pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 1445 and 1446 of the Code. To the extent that the Partnership is required to withhold and pay over to any taxing authority any amount resulting from the allocation or distribution of income to any Partner or assignee (including by reason of Section 1446 of the Code), either (i) if the actual amount to be distributed to the Partner equals or exceeds the amount required to be withheld by the Partnership, the amount withheld shall be treated as a distribution of cash in the amount of such withholding to such Partner, or (ii) if the actual amount to be distributed to the Partner is less than the amount required to be withheld by the Partnership, the actual amount to be distributed shall be treated as a distribution of cash in the amount of such withholding and the additional amount required to be withheld shall be treated as a loan (a Partnership Loan from the Partnership to the Partner on the day the Partnership pays over such amount to a taxing authority. A Partnership Loan shall be repaid through withholding by the Partnership with respect to subsequent distributions to the applicable Partner or assignee. In the event that a Limited Partner (a Defaulting Limited Partner fails to pay any amount owed to the Partnership with respect to the Partnership Loan within fifteen (15) days after demand for payment thereof is made by the Partnership on the Limited Partner, the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, may elect to make the payment to the Partnership on behalf of such Defaulting Limited Partner. In such event, on the date of payment, the General Partner shall be deemed to have extended a loan (a General Partner Loan to the Defaulting Limited Partner in the amount of the payment made by the General Partner and shall succeed to all rights and remedies of the Partnership against the Defaulting Limited Partner as to that amount. Without limitation, the General Partner shall have the right to receive any distributions that otherwise would be made by the Partnership to the Defaulting Limited Partner until such time as the General Partner Loan has been paid in full, and any such distributions so received by the General Partner shall be treated as having been received by the Defaulting Limited Partner and immediately paid to the General Partner. 
 Any amounts treated as a Partnership Loan or a General Partner Loan pursuant to this Section 5.2(c) shall bear interest at the lesser of (i) the base rate on corporate loans at large United States money center commercial banks, as published from time to time in The Wall Street Journal, or (ii) the maximum lawful rate of interest on such obligation, 
 28 

such interest to accrue from the date the Partnership or the General Partner, as applicable, is deemed to extend the loan until such loan is repaid in full. (e) In no event may a Partner receive a distribution of cash with respect to a Partnership Unit if such Partner is entitled to receive a cash distribution as the holder of record of a REIT Share for which all or part of such Partnership Unit has been or will be exchanged. 
 5.3 REIT Distribution Requirements . The General Partner shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Partnership to distribute amounts sufficient to enable the General Partner to make shareholder distributions that will allow the General Partner to (i) meet its distribution requirement for qualification as a REIT as set forth in Section 857 of the Code and (ii) avoid any federal income or excise tax liability imposed by the Code. 
 5.4 No Right to Distributions in Kind . No Partner shall be entitled to demand property other than cash in connection with any distributions by the Partnership. 
 5.5 Limitations on Return of Capital Contributions . Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Article 5, no Partner shall have the right to receive and the General Partner shall not have the right to make, a distribution that includes a return of all or part of a Partner s Capital Contributions, unless after giving effect to the return of a Capital Contribution, the sum of all Partnership liabilities, other than the liabilities to a Partner for the return of his Capital Contribution, does not exceed the fair market value of the Partnership s assets. 
 5.6 Distributions Upon Liquidation . Upon liquidation of the Partnership, after payment of, or adequate provision for, debts and obligations of the Partnership, including any Partner loans, and after making the distribution to the Special OP Unitholders (or payment to the Advisor, as applicable) called for by Section 5.2(c) in connection with a liquidation of the Partnership (which shall be deemed the liquidating distribution for the Special OP Unitholders) any remaining assets of the Partnership shall be distributed to all Partners such that the holder of each Partnership Unit receives an amount equal to the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Partnership Unit held. If, however, the remaining assets of the Partnership are not sufficient to pay in full the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Partnership Unit, then the holders of Partnership Units of each Class or Series shall be distributed an amount equal to the product of (i) the remaining assets of the Partnership that are legally available for distribution to the Partners and (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the net asset value of the Partnership allocable to such Class or Series of Partnership Units by (B) the aggregate net asset value of the Partnership, all as calculated as described in the Valuation Procedures. Amounts to be distributed to the holders of each Class or Series of Partnership Units shall be distributed among those holders in proportion to the number of Units of that Class or Series held by each holder. After application of the foregoing, any remaining assets available for distribution to the Partners shall be distributed to the Partners in accordance with their Percentage Interests. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the amount by which the value, as determined in good faith by the General Partner, of any property other than cash to be distributed in kind to the Partners exceeds or is less than the Carrying Value of such property shall, to the extent not otherwise recognized by the Partnership, be taken into account in computing Profit and Loss of the Partnership for purposes of crediting or charging the Capital 
 29 

Accounts of, and distributing proceeds to, the Partners, pursuant to this Agreement. To the extent deemed advisable by the General Partner, appropriate arrangements (including the use of a liquidating trust) may be made to assure that adequate funds are available to pay any contingent debts or obligations. 5.7 Substantial Economic Effect . It is the intent of the Partners that the allocations of Profit and Loss under this Agreement have substantial economic effect (or be consistent with the Partners interests in the Partnership in the case of the allocation of losses attributable to nonrecourse debt) within the meaning of Section 704(b) of the Code as interpreted by the Regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. Article 5 and other relevant provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent. 
 Article 6 RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS AND POWERS OF THE GENERAL PARTNER 
 6.1 Management of the Partnership . 
 (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have full, complete and exclusive discretion to manage and control the business of the Partnership for the purposes herein stated, and shall make all decisions affecting the business and assets of the Partnership. Subject to the restrictions specifically contained in this Agreement, the powers of the General Partner shall include, without limitation, the authority to take the following actions on behalf of the Partnership: 
 (i) to acquire, purchase, own, operate, lease and dispose of any real property and any other property or assets including, but not limited to notes and mortgages and other Real Estate Securities, that the General Partner determines are necessary or appropriate or in the best interests of the business of the Partnership; 
 (ii) to construct buildings and make other improvements on the properties owned or leased by the Partnership; 
 (iii) to authorize, issue, sell, redeem or otherwise purchase any Partnership Interests or any securities (including secured and unsecured debt obligations of the Partnership, debt obligations of the Partnership convertible into any Class or Series of Partnership Interests, or options, rights, warrants or appreciation rights relating to any Partnership Interests) of the Partnership; 
 (iv) to borrow or lend money for the Partnership, issue or receive evidences of indebtedness in connection therewith, refinance, increase the amount of, modify, amend or change the terms of, or extend the time for the payment of, any such indebtedness, and secure such indebtedness by mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or other lien on the Partnership s assets; 

 30 

(v) to pay, either directly or by reimbursement, for all operating costs and general administrative expenses of the Partnership to third parties or to the General Partner or its Affiliates as set forth in this Agreement; 
 (vi) to guarantee or become a co-maker of indebtedness of the General Partner or any Subsidiary thereof, refinance, increase the amount of, modify, amend or change the terms of, or extend the time for the payment of, any such guarantee or indebtedness, and secure such guarantee or indebtedness by mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or other lien on the Partnership s assets; 
 (vii) to use assets of the Partnership (including, without limitation, cash on hand) for any purpose consistent with this Agreement, including, without limitation, payment, either directly or by reimbursement, of all operating costs and general administrative expenses of the General Partner, the Partnership or any Subsidiary of either, to third parties or to the General Partner as set forth in this Agreement; 
 (viii) to lease all or any portion of any of the Partnership s assets, whether or not the terms of such leases extend beyond the termination date of the Partnership and whether or not any portion of the Partnership s assets so leased are to be occupied by the lessee, or, in turn, subleased in whole or in part to others, for such consideration and on such terms as the General Partner may determine; 
 (ix) to prosecute, defend, arbitrate, or compromise any and all claims or liabilities in favor of or against the Partnership, on such terms and in such manner as the General Partner may reasonably determine, and similarly to prosecute, settle or defend litigation with respect to the Partners, the Partnership, or the Partnership s assets; 
 (x) to file applications, communicate, and otherwise deal with any and all governmental agencies having jurisdiction over, or in any way affecting, the Partnership s assets or any other aspect of the Partnership business; 
 (xi) to make or revoke any election permitted or required of the Partnership by any taxing authority; 
 (xii) to maintain such insurance coverage for public liability, fire and casualty, and any and all other insurance for the protection of the Partnership, for the conservation of Partnership assets, or for any other purpose convenient or beneficial to the Partnership, in such amounts and such types, as it shall determine from time to time; 
 (xiii) to determine whether or not to apply any insurance proceeds for any property to the restoration of such property or to distribute the same; 
 (xiv) to establish one or more divisions of the Partnership, to hire and dismiss employees of the Partnership or any division of the Partnership, and to retain legal counsel, accountants, consultants, real estate brokers, and such other 

 31 

persons, as the General Partner may deem necessary or appropriate in connection with the Partnership business and to pay therefor such remuneration as the General Partner may deem reasonable and proper; 
 (xv) to retain other services of any kind or nature in connection with the Partnership business, and to pay therefor such remuneration as the General Partner may deem reasonable and proper; 
 (xvi) to negotiate and conclude agreements on behalf of the Partnership with respect to any of the rights, powers and authority conferred upon the General Partner; 
 (xvii) to maintain accurate accounting records and to file promptly all federal, state and local income tax returns on behalf of the Partnership; 
 (xviii) to distribute Partnership cash or other Partnership assets in accordance with this Agreement; 
 (xix) to form or acquire an interest in, and contribute property to, any further limited or general partnerships, joint ventures or other relationships that it deems desirable (including, without limitation, the acquisition of interests in, and the contributions of property to, its Subsidiaries and any other Person in which it has an equity interest from time to time); 
 (xx) to establish Partnership reserves for working capital, capital expenditures, contingent liabilities, or any other valid Partnership purpose; 
 (xxi) to merge, consolidate or combine the Partnership with or into another Person; 
 (xxii) to do any and all acts and things necessary or prudent to ensure that the Partnership will not be classified as a publicly traded partnership for purposes of Section 7704 of the Code; and 
 (xxiii) to take such other action, execute, acknowledge, swear to or deliver such other documents and instruments, and perform any and all other acts that the General Partner deems necessary or appropriate for the formation, continuation and conduct of the business and affairs of the Partnership (including, without limitation, all actions consistent with allowing the General Partner at all times to qualify as a REIT unless the General Partner voluntarily terminates its REIT status) and to possess and enjoy all of the rights and powers of a general partner as provided by the Act. 
 (b) Except as otherwise provided herein, to the extent the duties of the General Partner require expenditures of funds to be paid to third parties, the General Partner shall not have any obligations hereunder except to the extent that partnership funds are reasonably available to it for the performance of such duties, and nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize or require the General Partner, in its capacity as such, to 

 32 

expend its individual funds for payment to third parties or to undertake any individual liability or obligation on behalf of the Partnership. 
 6.2 Delegation of Authority . The General Partner may delegate any or all of its powers, rights and obligations hereunder, and may appoint, employ, contract or otherwise deal with any Person for the transaction of the business of the Partnership, which Person may, under supervision of the General Partner, perform any acts or services for the Partnership as the General Partner may approve. 
 6.3 Indemnification and Exculpation of Indemnitees . 
 (a) The Partnership shall indemnify an Indemnitee from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that relate to the operations of the Partnership as set forth in this Agreement in which any Indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, unless it is established that: (i) the act or omission of the Indemnitee was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and either was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; (ii) the Indemnitee actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or (iii) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. Any indemnification pursuant to this Section 6.3 shall be made only out of the assets of the Partnership. 
 (b) The Partnership shall reimburse an Indemnitee for reasonable expenses incurred by an Indemnitee who is a party to a proceeding in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding upon receipt by the Partnership of (i) a written affirmation by the Indemnitee of the Indemnitee s good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Partnership as authorized in this Section 6.3 has been met, and (ii) a written undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay the amount if it shall ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met. 
 (c) The indemnification provided by this Section 6.3 shall be in addition to any other rights to which an Indemnitee or any other Person may be entitled under any agreement, pursuant to any vote of the Partners, as a matter of law or otherwise, and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to serve in such capacity. 
 (d) The Partnership may purchase and maintain insurance, on behalf of the Indemnitees and such other Persons as the General Partner shall determine, against any liability that may be asserted against or expenses that may be incurred by such Person in connection with the Partnership s activities, regardless of whether the Partnership would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement. 
 (e) For purposes of this Section 6.3, the Partnership shall be deemed to have requested an Indemnitee to serve as fiduciary of an employee benefit plan whenever the 

 33 

performance by it of its duties to the Partnership also imposes duties on, or otherwise involves services by, it to the plan or participants or beneficiaries of the plan; excise taxes assessed on an Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant to applicable law shall constitute fines within the meaning of this Section 6.3; and actions taken or omitted by the Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan in the performance of its duties for a purpose reasonably believed by it to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the plan shall be deemed to be for a purpose which is not opposed to the best interests of the Partnership. 
 (f) In no event may an Indemnitee subject the Limited Partners to personal liability by reason of the indemnification provisions set forth in this Agreement. 
 (g) An Indemnitee shall not be denied indemnification in whole or in part under this Section 6.3 because the Indemnitee had an interest in the transaction with respect to which the indemnification applies if the transaction was otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement. 
 (h) The provisions of this Section 6.3 are for the benefit of the Indemnitees, their heirs, successors, assigns and administrators and shall not be deemed to create any rights for the benefit of any other Persons. 
 6.4 Liability of the General Partner . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the General Partner shall not be liable for monetary damages to the Partnership or any Partners for losses sustained or liabilities incurred as a result of errors in judgment or of any act or omission if the General Partner acted in good faith. The General Partner shall not be in breach of any duty that the General Partner may owe to the Limited Partners or the Partnership or any other Persons under this Agreement or of any duty stated or implied by law or equity provided the General Partner, acting in good faith, abides by the terms of this Agreement. 
 (b) The Limited Partners expressly acknowledge that the General Partner is acting on behalf of the Partnership, itself and its shareholders collectively, that the General Partner is under no obligation to consider the separate interests of the Limited Partners (including, without limitation, the tax consequences to Limited Partners or the tax consequences of some, but not all, of the Limited Partners) in deciding whether to cause the Partnership to take (or decline to take) any actions. In the event of a conflict between the interests of its shareholders on one hand and the Limited Partners on the other, the General Partner shall endeavor in good faith to resolve the conflict in a manner not adverse to either its shareholders or the Limited Partners; provided, however, that for so long as the General Partner directly owns a controlling interest in the Partnership, any such conflict that the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either its shareholders or the Limited Partner shall be resolved in favor of the shareholders. The General Partner shall not be liable for monetary damages for losses sustained, liabilities incurred, or benefits not derived by Limited Partners in connection with such decisions, provided that the General Partner has acted in good faith. 

 34 

(c) Subject to its obligations and duties as General Partner set forth in Section 6.1 hereof, the General Partner may exercise any of the powers granted to it under this Agreement and perform any of the duties imposed upon it hereunder either directly or by or through its agents. The General Partner shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent appointed by it in good faith. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or the Act, any action of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership or any decision of the General Partner to refrain from acting on behalf of the Partnership, undertaken in the good faith belief that such action or omission is necessary or advisable in order (i) to protect the ability of the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT or (ii) to prevent the General Partner from incurring any taxes under Section 857, Section 4981, or any other provision of the Code, is expressly authorized under this Agreement and is deemed approved by all of the Limited Partners. 
 (e) Any amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 6.4 or any provision hereof shall be prospective only and shall not in any way affect the limitations on the General Partner s liability to the Partnership and the Limited Partners under this Section 6.4 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when claims relating to such matters may arise or be asserted. 
 6.5 Reimbursement of General Partner . 
 (a) Except as provided in this Section 6.5 and elsewhere in this Agreement (including the provisions of Articles 5 and 6 regarding distributions, payments, and allocations to which it may be entitled), the General Partner shall not be compensated for its services as general partner of the Partnership. 
 (b) The General Partner shall be reimbursed on a monthly basis, or such other basis as the General Partner may determine in its sole and absolute discretion, for all Administrative Expenses incurred by the General Partner. 
 6.6 Outside Activities . Subject to Section 6.8 hereof, the Articles of Incorporation and any agreements entered into by the General Partner or its Affiliates with the Partnership or a Subsidiary, any officer, director, employee, agent, trustee, Affiliate or shareholder of the General Partner, the General Partner shall be entitled to and may have business interests and engage in business activities in addition to those relating to the Partnership, including business interests and activities substantially similar or identical to those of the Partnership. Neither the Partnership nor any of the Limited Partners shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement in any such business ventures, interests or activities. None of the Limited Partners nor any other Person shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement or the partnership relationship established hereby in any such business ventures, interests or activities, and the General Partner shall have no obligation pursuant to this Agreement to offer any interest in any such business ventures, interests and activities to the Partnership or any Limited Partner, even if such opportunity is of a character which, if presented to the Partnership or any Limited Partner, could be taken by such Person. 

 35 

6.7 Employment or Retention of Affiliates . 
 (a) Any Affiliate of the General Partner may be employed or retained by the Partnership and may otherwise deal with the Partnership (whether as a buyer, lessor, lessee, manager, furnisher of goods or services, broker, agent, lender or otherwise) and may receive from the Partnership any compensation, price, or other payment therefor which the General Partner determines to be fair and reasonable. 
 (b) The Partnership may lend or contribute to its Subsidiaries or other Persons in which it has an equity investment, and such Persons may borrow funds from the Partnership, on terms and conditions established in the sole and absolute discretion of the General Partner. The foregoing authority shall not create any right or benefit in favor of any Subsidiary or any other Person. 
 (c) The Partnership may transfer assets to joint ventures, other partnerships, corporations or other business entities in which it is or thereby becomes a participant upon such terms and subject to such conditions as the General Partner deems are consistent with this Agreement, applicable law and the REIT status of the General Partner. 
 (d) Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, neither the General Partner nor any of its Affiliates shall sell, transfer or convey any property to, or purchase any property from, the Partnership, directly or indirectly, except pursuant to transactions that are, in the General Partner s sole discretion, on terms that are fair and reasonable to the Partnership. 
 6.8 General Partner Participation . The General Partner agrees that all business activities of the General Partner, including activities pertaining to the acquisition, development or ownership of any office, retail, multifamily industrial, or other Real Property, Real Estate Securities or other property shall be conducted through the Partnership or one or more Subsidiary Partnerships; provided, however, that the General Partner is allowed to make a direct acquisition, but if and only if, such acquisition is made in connection with the issuance of Additional Securities, which direct acquisition and issuance have been approved and determined to be in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership. 
 6.9 Title to Partnership Assets . Title to Partnership assets, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, shall be deemed to be owned by the Partnership as an entity, and no Partner, individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest in such Partnership assets or any portion thereof. Title to any or all of the Partnership assets may be held in the name of the Partnership, the General Partner or one or more nominees, as the General Partner may determine, including Affiliates of the General Partner. The General Partner hereby declares and warrants that any Partnership assets for which legal title is held in the name of the General Partner or any nominee or Affiliate of the General Partner shall be held by the General Partner for the use and benefit of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that the General Partner shall use its best efforts to cause beneficial and record title to such assets to be vested in the Partnership as soon as reasonably practicable. All Partnership assets shall be recorded as the property of the Partnership in its books and records, irrespective of the name in which legal title to such Partnership assets is held. 

 36 

6.10 Redemptions of REIT Shares . If the General Partner redeems any REIT Shares, then the General Partner shall cause the Partnership to purchase from the General Partner a number of Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the redeemed REIT Shares (and always Series 1 of such Class of Partnership Units, if there are multiple Series) as determined based on the application of the Conversion Factor for that Class and Series of Partnership Units on the same terms that the General Partner redeemed such REIT Shares. Moreover, if the General Partner makes a cash tender offer or other offer to acquire REIT Shares, then the General Partner shall cause the Partnership to make a corresponding offer to the General Partner to acquire an equal number of Partnership Units held by the General Partner that have the same Class designation as the REIT Shares (and always Series 1 of such Class of Partnership Units, if there are multiple Series) that are the subject of the offer. If any REIT Shares are redeemed by the General Partner pursuant to such offer, the Partnership shall redeem an equivalent number of the General Partner s Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the redeemed REIT Shares (and always Series 1 of such Class of Partnership Units, if there are multiple Series) for an equivalent purchase price based on the application of the Conversion Factor for that Class and Series of Partnership Units. 
 6.11 No Duplication of Fees or Expenses . The Partnership may not incur or be responsible for any fee or expense (in connection with an Offering or otherwise) that would be duplicative of fees and expenses paid by the General Partner. 
 Article 7 CHANGES IN GENERAL PARTNER 
 7.1 Transfer of the General Partner s Partnership Interest . 
 (a) The General Partner shall not transfer all or any portion of its General Partnership Interest or withdraw as General Partner except as provided in, or in connection with a transaction contemplated by, Section 7.1(c), (d) or (e). 
 (b) The General Partner agrees that its Percentage Interest will at all times be in the aggregate, at least 0.1 . 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.4(b) or Section 7.1(d) or (e) hereof, the General Partner shall not engage in any merger, consolidation or other combination with or into another Person or sale of all or substantially all of its assets, (other than in connection with a change in the General Partner s state of incorporation or organizational form) in each case which results in a change of control of the General Partner (a Transaction ), unless: 
 (i) the consent of Limited Partners holding more than 50 of the Percentage Interests of the Limited Partners is obtained; 
 (ii) as a result of such Transaction all Limited Partners will receive for each Partnership Unit of each Class or Series an amount of cash, securities, or other property equal to the product of the Conversion Factor for that Class or Series of Partnership Unit and the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property paid 

 37 

in the Transaction to a holder of one REIT Share having the same Class designation as that Partnership Unit in consideration of such REIT Share; provided that if, in connection with the Transaction, a purchase, tender or exchange offer Offer shall have been made to and accepted by the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding REIT Shares, each holder of Partnership Units shall be given the option to exchange its Partnership Units for the greatest amount of cash, securities, or other property which a Limited Partner holding such Class or Series of Partnership Units would have received had it (1) exercised its Redemption Right and (2) sold, tendered or exchanged pursuant to the Offer the REIT Shares received upon exercise of the Redemption Right immediately prior to the expiration of the Offer; or 
 (iii) the General Partner is the surviving entity in the Transaction and either (A) the holders of REIT Shares do not receive cash, securities, or other property in the Transaction or (B) all Limited Partners (other than the General Partner or any Subsidiary) receive in exchange for their Partnership Units of each Class or Series, an amount of cash, securities, or other property (expressed as an amount per REIT Share) that is no less than the product of the Conversion Factor for that Class or Series of Partnership Unit and the greatest amount of cash, securities, or other property (expressed as an amount per REIT Share) received in the Transaction by any holder of REIT Shares having the same Class designation as the Partnership Units being exchanged. 
 (d) Notwithstanding Section 7.1(c), the General Partner may merge with or into or consolidate with another entity if immediately after such merger or consolidation (i) substantially all of the assets of the successor or surviving entity (the Survivor ), other than Partnership Units held by the General Partner, are contributed, directly or indirectly, to the Partnership as a Capital Contribution in exchange for Partnership Units with a fair market value equal to the value of the assets so contributed as determined by the Survivor in good faith and (ii) the Survivor expressly agrees to assume all obligations of the General Partner, as appropriate, hereunder. Upon such contribution and assumption, the Survivor shall have the right and duty to amend this Agreement as set forth in this Section 7.1(d). The Survivor shall in good faith arrive at a new method for the calculation of the Cash Amount, the REIT Shares Amount and Conversion Factor for a Partnership Unit of each Class or Series after any such merger or consolidation so as to approximate the existing method for such calculation as closely as reasonably possible. Such calculation shall take into account, among other things, the kind and amount of securities, cash and other property that was receivable upon such merger or consolidation by a holder of REIT Shares of each Class or options, warrants or other rights relating thereto, and which a holder of Partnership Units of any Class or Series could have acquired had such Partnership Units been exchanged immediately prior to such merger or consolidation. Such amendment to this Agreement shall provide for adjustment to such method of calculation, which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for with respect to the Conversion Factor for each Class or Series of Partnership Units. The Survivor also shall in good faith modify the definition of REIT Shares and make such amendments to Section 8.5 so as to approximate the existing rights and obligations set forth in Section 8.5 

 38 

as closely as reasonably possible. The above provisions of this Section 7.1(d) shall similarly apply to successive mergers or consolidations permitted hereunder. 
 In respect of any transaction described in the preceding paragraph, the General Partner is required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to structure such transaction to avoid causing the Limited Partners to recognize a gain for federal income tax purposes by virtue of the occurrence of or their participation in such transaction, provided such efforts are consistent with the exercise of the Board of Directors fiduciary duties to the shareholders of the General Partner under applicable law. (e) Notwithstanding Section 7.1(c), 
 (i) a General Partner may transfer all or any portion of its General Partnership Interest to (A) a wholly-owned Subsidiary of such General Partner or (B) the owner of all of the ownership interests of such General Partner, and following a transfer of all of its General Partnership Interest, may withdraw as General Partner; and 
 (ii) the General Partner may engage in a transaction not required by law or by the rules of any national securities exchange on which the REIT Shares of one or more Classes are listed to be submitted to the vote of the holders of the REIT Shares of one or more Classes. 
 7.2 Admission of a Substitute or Additional General Partner . A Person shall be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner of the Partnership only if the following terms and conditions are satisfied: 
 (a) the Person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner shall have accepted and agreed to be bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by executing a counterpart thereof and such other documents or instruments as may be required or appropriate in order to effect the admission of such Person as a General Partner, and a certificate evidencing the admission of such Person as a General Partner shall have been filed for recordation and all other actions required by Section 2.5 in connection with such admission shall have been performed; 
 (b) if the Person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner is a corporation or a partnership it shall have provided the Partnership with evidence satisfactory to counsel for the Partnership of such Person s authority to become a General Partner and to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement; and 
 (c) counsel for the Partnership shall have rendered an opinion (relying on such opinions from other counsel and the state or any other jurisdiction as may be necessary) that (x) the admission of the person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner is in conformity with the Act and (y) none of the actions taken in connection with the admission of such Person as a substitute or additional General Partner will cause (i) the Partnership to be classified other than as a partnership for federal tax purposes, or (ii) the loss of any Limited Partner s limited liability. 

 39 

7.3 Effect of Bankruptcy, Withdrawal, Death or Dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner . 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to the sole remaining General Partner (and its removal pursuant to Section 7.4(a)) or the death, withdrawal, removal or dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner (except that, if the sole remaining General Partner is on the date of such occurrence a partnership, the withdrawal, death, dissolution, Event of Bankruptcy as to, or removal of a partner in, such partnership shall be deemed not to be a dissolution of such General Partner if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners), the Partnership shall be dissolved and terminated unless the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3(b). The merger of the General Partner with or into any entity that is admitted as a substitute or successor General Partner pursuant to Section 7.2 shall not be deemed to be the withdrawal, dissolution or removal of the General Partner. 
 (b) Following the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to the sole remaining General Partner (and its removal pursuant to Section 7.4(a) hereof) or the death, withdrawal, removal or dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner (except that, if the sole remaining General Partner is, on the date of such occurrence, a partnership, the withdrawal of, death, dissolution, Event of Bankruptcy as to, or removal of a partner in, such partnership shall be deemed not to be a dissolution of such General Partner if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners), the Limited Partners, within ninety (90) days after such occurrence, may elect to continue the business of the Partnership for the balance of the term specified in Section 2.4 by selecting, subject to Section 7.2 and any other provisions of this Agreement, a substitute General Partner by consent of the Limited Partners holding a majority of the Percentage Interests of all Limited Partners. If the Limited Partners elect to continue the business of the Partnership and admit a substitute General Partner, the relationship with the Partners and of any Person who has acquired an interest of a Partner in the Partnership shall be governed by this Agreement. 
 7.4 Removal of a General Partner . 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to, or the dissolution of, a General Partner, such General Partner shall be deemed to be removed automatically; provided, however, that if a General Partner is on the date of such occurrence a partnership, the withdrawal, death or dissolution of, Event of Bankruptcy as to, or removal of, a partner in, such partnership shall be deemed not to be a dissolution of the General Partner if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners. The Limited Partners may not remove the General Partner, with or without cause. 
 (b) If a General Partner has been removed pursuant to this Section 7.4 and the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3, such General Partner shall promptly transfer and assign its General Partnership Interest in the Partnership to the substitute General Partner approved by the Limited Partners in accordance with Section 7.3(b) and otherwise admitted to the Partnership in accordance with Section 7.2. At the time of assignment, the removed General Partner shall be entitled to receive from the substitute 

 40 

General Partner the fair market value of the General Partnership Interest of such removed General Partner as reduced by any damages caused to the Partnership by such General Partner. Such fair market value shall be determined by an appraiser mutually agreed upon by the General Partner and the Limited Partners holding a majority of the Percentage Interests of all Limited Partners within ten (10) days following the removal of the General Partner. If the parties are unable to agree upon an appraiser, the removed General Partner and the Limited Partners holding a majority of the Percentage Interests of all Limited Partners each shall select an appraiser. Each such appraiser shall complete an appraisal of the fair market value of the removed General Partner s General Partnership Interest within thirty (30) days of the General Partner s removal, and the fair market value of the removed General Partner s General Partnership Interest shall be the average of the two appraisals; provided, however, that if the higher appraisal exceeds the lower appraisal by more than 20 of the amount of the lower appraisal, the two appraisers, no later than forty (40) days after the removal of the General Partner, shall select a third appraiser who shall complete an appraisal of the fair market value of the removed General Partner s General Partnership Interest no later than sixty (60) days after the removal of the General Partner. In such case, the fair market value of the removed General Partner s General Partnership Interest shall be the average of the two appraisals closest in value. 
 (c) The General Partnership Interest of a removed General Partner, during the time after default until transfer under Section 7.4(b), shall be converted to that of a special Limited Partner; provided, however, such removed General Partner shall not have any rights to participate in the management and affairs of the Partnership, and shall not be entitled to any portion of the income, expense, profit, gain or loss allocations or cash distributions allocable or payable, as the case may be, to the Limited Partners. Instead, such removed General Partner shall receive and be entitled only to retain distributions or allocations of such items that it would have been entitled to receive in its capacity as General Partner, until the transfer is effective pursuant to Section 7.4(b). 
 (d) All Partners shall have given and hereby do give such consents, shall take such actions and shall execute such documents as shall be legally necessary , desirable and sufficient to effect all the foregoing provisions of this Section. 
 Article 8 RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE LIMITED PARTNERS 
 8.1 Management of the Partnership . The Limited Partners shall not participate in the management or control of Partnership business nor shall they transact any business for the Partnership, nor shall they have the power to sign for or bind the Partnership, such powers being vested solely and exclusively in the General Partner. 
 8.2 Power of Attorney . Each Limited Partner hereby irrevocably appoints the General Partner its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, who may act for each Limited Partner and in its name, place and stead, and for its use and benefit, to sign, acknowledge, swear to, deliver, file or record, at the appropriate public offices, any and all documents, certificates, and instruments as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the General Partner to carry out fully the provisions of this 

 41 

Agreement and the Act in accordance with their terms, which power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall survive the death, dissolution or legal incapacity of the Limited Partner, or the transfer by the Limited Partner of any part or all of its Partnership Interest. 
 8.3 Limitation on Liability of Limited Partners . No Limited Partner shall be liable for any debts, liabilities, contracts or obligations of the Partnership. A Limited Partner shall be liable to the Partnership only to make payments of its Capital Contribution, if any, as and when due hereunder. After its Capital Contribution is fully paid, no Limited Partner shall, except as otherwise required by the Act, be required to make any further Capital Contributions or other payments or lend any funds to the Partnership. 
 8.4 Ownership by Limited Partner of Corporate General Partner or Affiliate . No Limited Partner shall at any time, either directly or indirectly, own any stock or other interest in the General Partner or in any Affiliate thereof, if such ownership by itself or in conjunction with other stock or other interests owned by other Limited Partners would, in the opinion of counsel for the Partnership, jeopardize the classification of the Partnership as a partnership for federal tax purposes. The General Partner shall be entitled to make such reasonable inquiry of the Limited Partners as is required to establish compliance by the Limited Partners with the provisions of this Section. 
 8.5 Redemption Right . 
 (a) Subject to Sections 8.5(b), 8.5(c), 8.5(d), 8.5(e) and 8.5(f) and the provisions of any agreements between the Partnership and one or more Limited Partners with respect to Partnership Units held by them, each Limited Partner other than the General Partner, after holding any Class or Series of Partnership Units for at least one year (such Partnership Units, Eligible Units ), shall have the right (subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein) to require the Partnership to redeem (a Redemption all or a portion of the Eligible Units held by such Limited Partner in exchange (a Redemption Right for Class E REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Series 1 Class E Units), Class S-R REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Class S-R Units), Class T-R REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Class T-R Units), Class D-R REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Class D-R Units), Class I-R REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Series 2 Class E Units or Class I-R Units), Class S-PR REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Class S-PR Units), Class D-PR REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Class D-PR Units), or Class I-PR REIT Shares (with respect to Eligible Units that are Class I-PR Units) issuable on, or the Cash Amount payable on, the Specified Redemption Date, as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion, provided that such Eligible Units (the Tendered Units shall have been outstanding for at least one year. Any Redemption Right shall be exercised pursuant to a Notice of Redemption delivered to the Partnership (with a copy to the General Partner) by the Limited Partner exercising the Redemption Right (the Tendering Party ). Within 30 days of receipt of a Notice of Redemption, the Partnership will send to the Limited Partner submitting the Notice of Redemption a response stating whether the General Partner has determined the applicable Eligible Units will be redeemed for REIT Shares or the Cash Amount. Within 30 days of the Partnership s delivery of its response, the Limited Partner must affirm to the Partnership that such Limited Partner 

 42 

wishes to proceed with the Redemption, or the request for Redemption will be cancelled (the date such affirmation is received by the Partnership is the Affirmation Date ). Following such affirmation, the Limited Partner shall still be entitled to withdraw the Notice of Redemption if (i) it provides notice to the Partnership that it wishes to withdraw the request and (ii) the Partnership receives the notice no less than two business days prior to the Specified Redemption Date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Special OP Unitholders, the Advisor and any Person to whom the Special OP Unitholders or the Advisor transfers Partnership Units or Special Partnership Units (collectively with the Special OP Unitholders and the Advisor, the Sponsor Parties shall have the right to require the Partnership to redeem all or a portion of their Partnership Units pursuant to this Section 8.5 at any time irrespective of the period the Partnership Units have been held by such Limited Partner; provided, however, that in the event the Sponsor Parties hold Partnership Units paid or distributed with respect to the Performance Allocation or Performance Component (as defined in the Advisory Agreement) from any prior calendar year (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include any Partnership Units awarded in the then-current year for the prior year s performance, if any) and requests the Partnership to redeem all or a portion of such Partnership Units (the Partnership Unit Balance the Partnership will be required to redeem such Partnership Unit Balance only if the General Partner, based on reasonable projections, (i) has determined that, after redeeming such Partnership Unit Balance, the General Partner expects to have liquidity (from any available source, but taking into account current and future funding commitments, as well as leverage considerations) equal to or in excess of the NAV of the maximum amount of REIT Shares which can be redeemed under the then-current SRP for at least the next ninety days (the Minimum Liquidity Requirement and (ii) at the time of the redemption request, 100 of all properly submitted redemption requests in the SRP as of the most recent quarter end and the most recent month end (the Redemption Period have been honored (collectively, with the Minimum Liquidity Requirement, the Redemption Requirements ). In the event that the General Partner deems that the Redemption Requirements have not been met, then the Sponsor Parties may only redeem their respective Partnership Unit Balances up to the lesser of (A) a percentage of their respective Partnership Unit Balances equal to the lowest of the pro rata percentages of REIT Shares redeemed under the SRP within the Redemption Period, or (B) an amount that causes the Minimum Liquidity Requirement to still be met. If the General Partner deems that the Redemption Requirements have not been met and there was no pro rata redemption under the SRP during the Redemption Period, the Sponsor Parties may only redeem an amount that causes the Minimum Liquidity Requirement to still be met. The above Partnership Unit redemption restriction shall not apply in the event that the General Partner terminates the Advisory Agreement. The Partnership shall redeem any Partnership Units of the Sponsor Parties for the Cash Amount unless the board of directors of the General Partner determines that any such redemption for cash would be prohibited by applicable law or this Agreement, in which case such Partnership Units will be redeemed for an amount of REIT Shares having the same Class designation as the Tendered Units with an aggregate NAV equivalent to the aggregate NAV of such Partnership Units. Redemption requests from multiple Sponsor Parties, if applicable, will be honored on a pro rata basis, if redemptions are limited pursuant to the foregoing. 
 43 

No Limited Partner, other than the Sponsor Parties, may deliver more than two Notices of Redemption during each calendar year. A Limited Partner, other than the Sponsor Parties, may not exercise the Redemption Right for less than 1,000 Partnership Units or, if such Limited Partner holds less than 1,000 Partnership Units, all of the Partnership Units held by such Partner. The Tendering Party shall have no right, with respect to any Partnership Units so redeemed, to receive any distribution paid with respect to such Partnership Units if the record date for such distribution is on or after the Specified Redemption Date. (b) If the General Partner elects to cause the Partnership to redeem Tendered Units for REIT Shares rather than cash, then (I) Tendered Units that are Series 1 Class E Units shall be redeemed for Class E REIT Shares, Tendered Units that are Series 2 Class E Units or Class I-R Units shall be redeemed for Class I-R REIT Shares, Tendered Units that are Class S-R Units shall be redeemed for Class S-R REIT Shares, Tendered Units that are Class T-R Units shall be redeemed for Class T-R REIT Shares, Tendered Units that are Class D-R Units shall be redeemed for Class D-R REIT Shares, Tendered Units that are Class S-PR Units shall be redeemed for Class S-PR REIT Shares, Tendered Units that are Class D-PR Units shall be redeemed for Class D-PR REIT Shares and Tendered Units that are Class I-PR Units shall be redeemed for Class I-PR REIT Shares and (II) the Partnership shall direct the General Partner to issue and deliver such REIT Shares to the Tendering Party pursuant to the terms set forth in this Section 8.5(b), in which case, (i) the General Partner, acting as a distinct legal entity, shall assume directly the Partnership s obligation with respect thereto and shall satisfy the Tendering Party s exercise of its Redemption Right, and (ii) such transaction shall be treated, for federal income tax purposes, as a transfer by the Tendering Party of such Tendered Units to the General Partner in exchange for REIT Shares. The percentage of the Tendered Units tendered for Redemption by the Tendering Party for which the General Partner elects to issue REIT Shares (rather than cash) is referred to as the Applicable Percentage. In making such election to acquire Tendered Units, the Partnership shall act in a fair, equitable and reasonable manner that neither prefers one group or class of Limited Partners over another nor discriminates against a group or class of Limited Partners. If the Partnership elects to redeem any number of Tendered Units for REIT Shares rather than cash, on the Specified Redemption Date, the Tendering Party shall sell such number of the Tendered Units to the General Partner in exchange for a number of REIT Shares equal to the product of (A) the REIT Shares Amount, (B) the Applicable Percentage and (C) solely with respect to Redemption of Series 2 Class E Units, a number, expressed as a percentage, determined by dividing the Value of Class E REIT Shares by the Value of Class I-R REIT Shares, such values determined in each case as of the end of the Specified Redemption Date. Such number of REIT Shares shall be delivered by the General Partner as duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and accessible REIT Shares free of any pledge, lien, encumbrance or restriction, other than the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (as calculated in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation) and other restrictions provided in the Article of Incorporation, the bylaws of the General Partner, the Securities Act and relevant state securities or blue sky laws. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.5(a) and this Section 8.5(b), the Tendering Parties shall have no rights under this Agreement that would otherwise be prohibited under the Articles of Incorporation. 

 44 

(c) In connection with an exercise of Redemption Rights pursuant to this Section 8.5, the Tendering Party shall submit the following to the General Partner, in addition to the Notice of Redemption: 
 (1) A written affidavit, dated the same date as the Notice of Redemption, (a) disclosing the actual and constructive ownership, as determined for purposes of Code Sections 856(a)(6) and 856(h), of REIT Shares by (i) such Tendering Party and (ii) any Related Party and (b) representing that, after giving effect to the Redemption, neither the Tendering Party nor any Related Party will own REIT Shares in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (or, if applicable the Excepted Holder Limit); 
 (2) A written representation that neither the Tendering Party nor any Related Party has any intention to acquire any additional REIT Shares prior to the closing of the Redemption on the Specified Redemption Date; and 
 (3) An undertaking to certify, at and as a condition to the closing of the Redemption on the Specified Redemption Date, that either (a) the actual and constructive ownership of REIT Shares by the Tendering Party and any Related Party remain unchanged from that disclosed in the affidavit required by Section 8.5(c)(1) or (b) after giving effect to the Redemption, neither the Tendering Party nor any Related Party shall own REIT Shares in violation of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (or, if applicable, the Excepted Holder Limit). 
 (4) Any other documents as the General Partner may reasonably require. 
 (d) Any Cash Amount to be paid to a Tendering Party pursuant to this Section 8.5 shall be paid on the Specified Redemption Date; provided, however, that the Partnership may elect to delay the Specified Redemption Date for up to an additional 180 days to the extent required for the Partnership to accumulate liquidity from the operation of its business as described in Article 3(i) and (ii) or from borrowings to be repaid from liquidity generated by such operations (provided that any such borrowings shall not be funded, co-borrowed or guaranteed by the General Partner) so as to enable the Partnership to effectuate the payment of such Cash Amount to a Tendering Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner agrees to use its best efforts to cause the Partnership to cause the closing of the acquisition of Tendered Units hereunder to occur as quickly as reasonably possible. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner shall place appropriate restrictions on the ability of the Limited Partners to exercise their Redemption Rights to prevent, among other things, (a) any person from owning shares in excess of the Common Share Ownership Limit, the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit and the Excepted Holder Limit, (b) the General Partner s common stock from being owned by 

 45 

less than 100 persons, the General Partner from being closely held within the meaning of section 856(h) of the Code, and as and if deemed necessary to ensure that the Partnership does not constitute a publicly traded partnership under section 7704 of the Code. If and when the General Partner determines that imposing such restrictions is necessary, the General Partner shall give prompt written notice thereof (a Restriction Notice to each of the Limited Partners holding Partnership Units, which notice shall be accompanied by a copy of an opinion of counsel to the Partnership which states that, in the opinion of such counsel, restrictions are necessary in order to avoid having the Partnership be treated as a publicly traded partnership under section 7704 of the Code. 
 (f) A redemption fee may be charged (other than to the Sponsor Parties and their respective affiliates) in connection with an exercise of Redemption Rights pursuant to this Section 8.5. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, unless a waiver of such fee has been granted or a higher or lower fee was set forth in the applicable offering documents for the Partnership Units (or offering documents for a security or interest that was exchanged or converted for Partnership Units at the option of the Partnership or pursuant the terms of this Agreement), a redemption fee of 1.0 of the Cash Amount or REIT Shares otherwise payable to a Limited Partner (i) upon redemption of Series 1 Class E Units (other than Series 1 Class E Units issued to the General Partner) pursuant to this Section 8.5 shall be paid by such Limited Partner to Dividend Capital Exchange Facilitators LLC, and (ii) upon redemption of any other Partnership Units (other than from the Sponsor Parties and their respective affiliates) pursuant to this Section 8.5 shall be paid by such Limited Partner to BC Exchange Advisor Group LLC; the Operating Partnership shall deduct such amount from the Cash Amount or REIT Shares otherwise payable to such Limited Partner and pay it to Dividend Capital Exchange Facilitators LLC or BC Exchange Advisor Group LLC, as applicable, on behalf of the Limited Partner. To the extent that a transaction (a Unit Transaction occurs in which any Partnership Units which are subject to a redemption fee under this Section 8.5(f) are acquired (for cash or securities), transferred, merged, converted, tendered, or disposed of in any other similar transaction, then unless the beneficiaries of such redemption fees identified herein otherwise agree in their reasonable discretion (which may include requiring that any applicable counterparty execute an agreement agreeing to continue to collect and remit such redemption fees following the Unit Transaction), the Operating Partnership will be obligated to collect the redemption fees in connection with the closing of such Unit Transaction and remit the same to the applicable beneficiaries. 
 8.6 Registration . Subject to the terms of any agreement between the General Partner and one or more Limited Partners with respect to Partnership Units held by them: 
 (a) Registration of the Common Stock . The General Partner agrees to file with the Commission a registration statement covering the resale of the REIT Shares that may be issued upon redemption of such Partnership Units pursuant to Section 8.5 Redemption Shares if a Limited Partner or Limited Partners who together hold Redemption Shares of a single Class that have an aggregate value of at least 10 million (based on the then current price) request that the General Partner register for resale such Redemption Shares. Such requests shall be made in writing and shall state the number of Redemption Shares to be disposed of. Within 30 days after receipt of a request for 

 46 

registration, whatever the amount of the Redemption Shares requested to be registered, the General Partner shall give written notice of such request to all other Limited Partners holding Partnership Units; provided however, that the General Partner shall be obligated to give such notice no more than one time in any six-month period. Further, the General Partner shall include in a registration statement all such Redemption Shares with respect to which the General Partner has received written requests for inclusion therein (whether or not such Redemption Shares have been issued) within 15 days after the receipt of the General Partner s notice. The General Partner further agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to file the registration statement within 90 days of its receipt of the written request described above, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement for a period of no more than two years. 
 (b) Listing on Securities Exchange . If the General Partner shall list or maintain the listing of Class of REIT Shares on any securities exchange or national market system, it will at its expense and as necessary to permit the registration and sale of the Redemption Shares of such listed Class or Classes hereunder, list thereon, maintain and, when necessary, increase such listing to include such Redemption Shares. 
 (c) Registration Not Required . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner shall not be required to file or maintain the effectiveness of a registration statement covering the resale of Redemption Shares if, in the opinion of counsel to the General Partner, such Redemption Shares could be sold by the holders thereof pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or any successor rule thereto. 
 8.7 Distribution Reinvestment Plan . OP Unitholders may have the opportunity to join the General Partner s distribution reinvestment plan by completing an enrollment form which is available upon request. A copy of the General Partner s distribution reinvestment plan is also available upon request. The shares of the General Partner s common stock which may be issued under the General Partner s distribution reinvestment plan are offered only by a prospectus. 
 Article 9 TRANSFERS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
 9.1 Purchase for Investment . 
 (a) Each Limited Partner hereby represents and warrants to the General Partner and to the Partnership that the acquisition of his Partnership Interest is made as a principal for his account for investment purposes only and not with a view to the resale or distribution of such Partnership Interest. 
 (b) Each Limited Partner agrees that he will not sell, assign or otherwise transfer his Partnership Interest or any fraction thereof, whether voluntarily or by operation of law or at judicial sale or otherwise, to any Person who does not make the representations and warranties to the General Partner set forth in Section 9.1(a) above and similarly agree not to sell, assign or transfer such Partnership Interest or fraction thereof to any Person who does not similarly represent, warrant and agree. 

 47 

9.2 Restrictions on Transfer of Limited Partnership Interests . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of 9.2(b) and (c), no Limited Partner may offer, sell, assign, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise transfer all or any portion of his Limited Partnership Interest, or any of such Limited Partner s economic rights as a Limited Partner, whether voluntarily or by operation of law or at judicial sale or otherwise (collectively, a Transfer without the consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or withheld in its sole and absolute discretion; provided that each Sponsor Party may transfer all or any portion of its respective Partnership Interest, or any of its economic rights as a Limited Partner, to any of its Affiliates or any trust, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity established by or at the direction of such Sponsor Party or any of its Affiliates without the consent of the General Partner. Any such purported transfer undertaken without such consent shall be considered to be null and void ab initio and shall not be given effect. The General Partner may require, as a condition of any Transfer to which it consents, that the transferor assume all costs incurred by the Partnership in connection therewith. 
 (b) No Limited Partner may withdraw from the Partnership other than as a result of a permitted Transfer (i.e., a Transfer effected as contemplated by clause (a) above or clause (c) below or a Transfer pursuant to Section 9.5 below) of all of its Partnership Interest pursuant to this Article 9 or pursuant to a redemption of all of its Partnership Units pursuant to Section 8.5. Upon the permitted Transfer or redemption of all of a Limited Partner s Partnership Interest, such Limited Partner shall cease to be a Limited Partner. 
 (c) Notwithstanding Section 9.2(a) and subject to Sections 9.2(d), (e) and (f) below, a Limited Partner may Transfer, without the consent of the General Partner, all or a portion of its Partnership Interest to (i) a parent or parent s spouse, natural or adopted descendant or descendants, spouse of such descendant, or brother or sister, or a trust created by such Limited Partner for the benefit of such Limited Partner and/or any such person(s), of which trust such Limited Partner or any such person(s) is a trustee, (ii) a corporation controlled by a Person or Persons named in (i) above, or (iii) if the Limited Partner is an entity, its beneficial owners. 
 (d) No Limited Partner may effect a Transfer of its Limited Partnership Interest, in whole or in part, if, in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership, such proposed Transfer would require the registration of the Limited Partnership Interest under the Securities Act or would otherwise violate any applicable federal or state securities or blue sky law (including investment suitability standards). 
 (e) No Transfer by a Limited Partner of its Partnership Interest, in whole or in part, may be made to any Person if (i) in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership, the transfer would result in the Partnership s being treated as an association taxable as a corporation (other than a qualified REIT subsidiary within the meaning of Section 856(i) of the Code), (ii) in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership, it would adversely affect the ability of the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT or subject the General Partner to any additional taxes under Section 857 or Section 4981 of the Code, or (iii) such transfer is effectuated through an established securities market or a secondary 

 48 

market (or the substantial equivalent thereof) within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Code. 
 (f) No transfer by a Limited Partner of any Partnership Interest may be made to a lender to the Partnership or any Person who is related (within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.752-4(b)) to any lender to the Partnership whose loan constitutes a nonrecourse liability (within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.752-1(a)(2)), without the consent of the General Partner, which may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion, provided that as a condition to such consent the lender will be required to enter into an arrangement with the Partnership and the General Partner to exchange or redeem for the Cash Amount any Partnership Units in which a security interest is held simultaneously with the time at which such lender would be deemed to be a Partner in the Partnership for purposes of allocating liabilities to such lender under Section 752 of the Code. 
 (g) Any Transfer in contravention of any of the provisions of this Article 9 shall be void and ineffectual and shall not be binding upon, or recognized by, the Partnership. 
 (h) Prior to the consummation of any Transfer under this Article 9, the transferor and/or the transferee shall deliver to the General Partner such opinions, certificates and other documents as the General Partner shall request in connection with such Transfer. 
 9.3 Admission of Substitute Limited Partner . 
 (a) Subject to the other provisions of this Article 9, an assignee of the Limited Partnership Interest of a Limited Partner (which shall be understood to include any purchaser, transferee, donee, or other recipient of any disposition of such Limited Partnership Interest) shall be deemed admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership only with the consent of the General Partner and upon the satisfactory completion of the following: 
 (i) The assignee shall have accepted and agreed to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement by executing a counterpart or an amendment thereof, including a revised Exhibit A , and such other documents or instruments as the General Partner may require in order to effect the admission of such Person as a Limited Partner. 
 (ii) To the extent required, an amended Certificate evidencing the admission of such Person as a Limited Partner shall have been signed, acknowledged and filed for record in accordance with the Act. 
 (iii) The assignee shall have delivered a letter containing the representation set forth in Section 9.1(a) hereof and the agreement set forth in Section 9.1(b) hereof. 
 (iv) If the assignee is a corporation, partnership or trust, the assignee shall have provided the General Partner with evidence satisfactory to counsel for 

 49 

the Partnership of the assignee s authority to become a Limited Partner under the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
 (v) The assignee shall have executed a power of attorney containing the terms and provisions set forth in Section 8.2 hereof. 
 (vi) The assignee shall have paid all legal fees and other expenses of the Partnership and the General Partner and filing and publication costs in connection with its substitution as a Limited Partner. 
 (vii) The assignee has obtained the prior written consent of the General Partner to its admission as a Substitute Limited Partner, which consent may be given or denied in the exercise of the General Partner s sole and absolute discretion. 
 (b) For the purpose of allocating Profits and Losses and distributing cash received by the Partnership, a Substitute Limited Partner shall be treated as having become, and appearing in the records of the Partnership as, a Partner upon the filing of the Certificate described in Section 9.3(a)(ii) hereof or, if no such filing is required, the later of the date specified in the transfer documents or the date on which the General Partner has received all necessary instruments of transfer and substitution. 
 (c) The General Partner shall cooperate with the Person seeking to become a Substitute Limited Partner by preparing the documentation required by this Section and making all official filings and publications. The Partnership shall take all such action as promptly as practicable after the satisfaction of the conditions in this Article 9 to the admission of such Person as a Limited Partner of the Partnership. 
 9.4 Rights of Assignees of Partnership Interests . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Sections 9.1 and 9.2 hereof, except as required by operation of law, the Partnership shall not be obligated for any purposes whatsoever to recognize the assignment by any Limited Partner of its Partnership Interest until the Partnership has received notice thereof. 
 (b) Any Person who is the assignee of all or any portion of a Limited Partner s Limited Partnership Interest, but does not become a Substitute Limited Partner and desires to make a further assignment of such Limited Partnership Interest, shall be subject to all the provisions of this Article 9 to the same extent and in the same manner as any Limited Partner desiring to make an assignment of its Limited Partnership Interest. 
 9.5 Effect of Bankruptcy, Death, Incompetence or Termination of a Limited Partner . The occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to a Limited Partner, the death of a Limited Partner or a final adjudication that a Limited Partner is incompetent (which term shall include, but not be limited to, insanity) shall not cause the termination or dissolution of the Partnership, and the business of the Partnership shall continue if an order for relief in a bankruptcy proceeding is entered against a Limited Partner, the trustee or receiver of his estate or, if he dies, his executor, administrator or trustee, or, if he is finally adjudicated incompetent, his committee, guardian or conservator, shall have the rights of such Limited Partner for the purpose of settling or managing 

 50 

his estate property and such power as the bankrupt, deceased or incompetent Limited Partner possessed to assign all or any part of his Partnership Interest and to join with the assignee in satisfying conditions precedent to the admission of the assignee as a Substitute Limited Partner. 
 9.6 Joint Ownership of Interests . A Partnership Interest may be acquired by two individuals as joint tenants with right of survivorship, provided that such individuals either are married or are related and share the same home as tenants in common. The written consent or vote of both owners of any such jointly held Partnership Interest shall be required to constitute the action of the owners of such Partnership Interest; provided, however, that the written consent of only one joint owner will be required if the Partnership has been provided with evidence satisfactory to the counsel for the Partnership that the actions of a single joint owner can bind both owners under the applicable laws of the state of residence of such joint owners. Upon the death of one owner of a Partnership Interest held in a joint tenancy with a right of survivorship, the Partnership Interest shall become owned solely by the survivor as a Limited Partner and not as an assignee. The Partnership need not recognize the death of one of the owners of a jointly-held Partnership Interest until it shall have received notice of such death. Upon notice to the General Partner from either owner, the General Partner shall cause the Partnership Interest to be divided into two equal Partnership Interests, which shall thereafter be owned separately by each of the former owners. 
 Article 10 BOOKS AND RECORDS; ACCOUNTING; TAX MATTERS 
 10.1 Books and Records . At all times during the continuance of the Partnership, the Partners shall keep or cause to be kept at the Partnership s specified office true and complete books of account in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, including: (a) a current list of the full name and last known business address of each Partner, (b) a copy of the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all Certificates of amendment thereto, (c) copies of the Partnership s federal, state and local income tax returns and reports, (d) copies of this Agreement and amendments thereto and any financial statements of the Partnership for the three most recent years and (e) all documents and information required under the Act. Any Partner or its duly authorized representative, upon paying the costs of collection, duplication and mailing, shall be entitled to inspect or copy such records during ordinary business hours. 
 10.2 Custody of Partnership Funds; Bank Accounts . 
 (a) All funds of the Partnership not otherwise invested shall be deposited in one or more accounts maintained in such banking or brokerage institutions as the General Partner shall determine, and withdrawals shall be made only on such signature or signatures as the General Partner may, from time to time, determine. 
 (b) All deposits and other funds not needed in the operation of the business of the Partnership may be invested by the General Partner in investment grade instruments (or investment companies whose portfolio consists primarily thereof), government obligations, certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and municipal notes and bonds. The funds of the Partnership shall not be commingled with the funds of any other Person 

 51 

except for such commingling as may necessarily result from an investment in those investment companies permitted by this Section 10.2(b). 
 10.3 Fiscal and Taxable Year . The fiscal and taxable year of the Partnership shall be the calendar year. 
 10.4 Annual Tax Information and Report . Within seventy-five (75) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Partnership, the General Partner shall furnish to each person who was a Limited Partner at any time during such year the tax information necessary to file such Limited Partner s individual tax returns as shall be reasonably required by law. 
 10.5 Tax Matters Partner; Tax Elections; Special Basis Adjustments . 
 (a) The General Partner shall be the Tax Matters Partner of the Partnership within the meaning of Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code. As Tax Matters Partner, the General Partner shall have the right and obligation to take all actions authorized and required, respectively, by the Code for the Tax Matters Partner. The General Partner shall have the right to retain professional assistance in respect of any audit of the Partnership by the Service and all out-of-pocket expenses and fees incurred by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership as Tax Matters Partner shall constitute Partnership expenses. In the event the General Partner receives notice of a final Partnership adjustment under Section 6223(a)(2) of the Code, the General Partner shall either (i) file a court petition for judicial review of such final adjustment within the period provided under Section 6226(a) of the Code, a copy of which petition shall be mailed to all Limited Partners on the date such petition is filed, or (ii) mail a written notice to all Limited Partners, within such period, that describes the General Partner s reasons for determining not to file such a petition. 
 (b) All elections required or permitted to be made by the Partnership under the Code or any applicable state or local tax law shall be made by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 (c) In the event of a transfer of all or any part of the Partnership Interest of any Partner, the Partnership, at the option of the General Partner, may elect pursuant to Section 754 of the Code to adjust the basis of the Partnership s assets. Notwithstanding anything contained in Article 5, any adjustments made pursuant to Section 754 of the Code shall affect only the successor in interest to the transferring Partner and in no event shall be taken into account in establishing, maintaining or computing Capital Accounts for the other Partners for any purpose under this Agreement. Each Partner will furnish the Partnership with all information necessary to give effect to such election. 
 (d) The Partners shall cause the Partnership to appoint the Tax Matters Partner or an affiliate thereof as the partnership representative to act on its behalf with respect to any audit, controversy, refund action, or other matter. Such partnership representative shall have the rights, power and authority to act as, and perform the duties and obligations of, the partnership representative (as such term is used in Section 6223 of the Code), as and when the role of a partnership representative becomes effective under Section 6223 of the Code, provided that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the 

 52 

partnership representative shall have the same obligations, be subject to the same restrictions and limitations, and granted the rights and protections, in each case, as imposed on or granted to, the Tax Matters Partner under this Section 10.5 . It is the intent of the Partners and the Partnership that, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, no income tax, interest, penalties or additions to tax shall ever be assessed against the Partnership pursuant to Sections 6221 or 6225 of the Code, and the Partnership, each of the Partners and any representative thereof shall take all actions (including but not limited to executing any election or consent) necessary to implement such intent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, upon the request of all Partners with a Percentage Interest of fifty percent (50 or more, the Partnership and the partnership representative shall (i) cause the Partnership to elect out of the application of Section 6221 of the Code by making an election, where permissible, under Section 6221(b) of the Code or (ii) in the event of a partnership adjustment within the meaning of Section 6225 of the Code, cause the Partnership to make an election, where permissible under Section 6226 of the Code, to treat such partnership adjustment as an adjustment to be taken into account by each Partner (or former Partner) in accordance with Section 6226(b) of the Code. In the event the Partnership is liable for any imputed underpayment with respect to items of Partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit that should have been allocated to a Partner for the applicable year, such Partner shall promptly reimburse the Partnership for such amount and such reimbursement shall not be considered a Capital Contribution to the Partnership by such Partner. The foregoing shall apply even if the applicable Partner is no longer a Partner of the Partnership at the time the Partnership becomes liable for such imputed underpayment. All references to Code sections in this Section 10.5(d) refer to such sections of the Code as in effect following the effective date of their amendment by Section 1101 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (P.L. 114). 
 10.6 Reports to Limited Partners . 
 (a) As soon as practicable after the close of each fiscal quarter (other than the last quarter of the fiscal year), the General Partner shall cause to be mailed to each Limited Partner a quarterly report containing financial statements of the Partnership, or of the General Partner if such statements are prepared solely on a consolidated basis with the General Partner, for such fiscal quarter, presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. As soon as practicable after the close of each fiscal year, the General Partner shall cause to be mailed to each Limited Partner an annual report containing financial statements of the Partnership, or of the General Partner if such statements are prepared solely on a consolidated basis with the General Partner, for such fiscal year, presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The annual financial statements shall be audited by accountants selected by the General Partner. 
 (b) Any Partner shall further have the right to a private audit of the books and records of the Partnership at the expense of such Partner, provided such audit is made for Partnership purposes and is made during normal business hours. 
 10.7 Safe Harbor Election . The Partners agree that, in the event the Safe Harbor Regulation is finalized, the Partnership shall be authorized and directed to make the Safe Harbor Election and the Partnership and each Partner (including any person to whom an interest in the 

 53 

Partnership is transferred in connection with the performance of services) agrees to comply with all requirements of the Safe Harbor with respect to all interests in the Partnership transferred in connection with the performance of services while the Safe Harbor Election remains effective. The Tax Matters Partner shall be authorized to (and shall) prepare, execute, and file the Safe Harbor Election. 
 Article 11 AMENDMENT OF AGREEMENT; MERGER 
 The General Partner s consent shall be required for any amendment to this Agreement. The General Partner, without the consent of the Limited Partners, may amend this Agreement in any respect or merge or consolidate the Partnership with or into any other partnership or business entity (as defined in Section 17-211 of the Act) in a transaction pursuant to Section 7.1(c), (d) or (e) hereof; provided, however, that (1) the following amendments described in Section 11(a), 11(b), 11(c) and 11(d), and any other merger or consolidation of the Partnership, shall require the consent of Limited Partners holding more than 50 of the Percentage Interests of the Limited Partners and (2) the following amendments described in Section 11(e) shall require the consent of Special OP Unitholders holding more than 50 of the Percentage Interests of the Special OP Unitholders: (a) any amendment affecting the operation of the Conversion Factor or the Redemption Right (except as provided in Section 8.5(d) or 7.1(d)) in a manner adverse to the Limited Partners; 
 (b) any amendment that would adversely affect the rights of the Limited Partners to receive the distributions payable to them hereunder, other than with respect to the issuance of additional Partnership Units pursuant to Section 4.3; 
 (c) any amendment that would alter the Partnership s allocations of Profit and Loss to the Limited Partners, other than with respect to the issuance of additional Partnership Units pursuant to Section 4.3; 
 (d) any amendment that would impose on the Limited Partners any obligation to make additional Capital Contributions to the Partnership; or 
 (e) any amendment that would adversely affect the rights of the Special OP Unitholders under this Agreement. 
 Article 12 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 12.1 Notices . All communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered personally or upon deposit in the United States mail, registered, postage prepaid return receipt requested, to the Partners at the addresses set forth in Exhibit A ; provided, however, that any Partner may specify a different 

 54 

address by notifying the General Partner in writing of such different address. Notices to the Partnership shall be delivered at or mailed to its specified office. 
 12.2 Survival of Rights . Subject to the provisions hereof limiting transfers, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Partners and the Partnership and their respective legal representatives, successors, transferees and assigns. 
 12.3 Additional Documents . Each Partner agrees to perform all further acts and execute, swear to, acknowledge and deliver all further documents which may be reasonable, necessary, appropriate or desirable to carry out the provisions of this Agreement or the Act. 
 12.4 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared illegal, invalid, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then such provision shall be deemed to be severable from this Agreement (to the extent permitted by law) and in any event such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder hereof. 
 12.5 Entire Agreement . This Agreement and exhibits attached hereto constitute the entire Agreement of the Partners and supersede all prior written agreements (including the Prior Agreement) and prior and contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 12.6 Pronouns and Plurals . When the context in which words are used in the Agreement indicates that such is the intent, words in the singular number shall include the plural and the masculine gender shall include the neuter or female gender as the context may require. 
 12.7 Headings . The Article headings or sections in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be used in construing the scope of this Agreement or any particular Article. 
 12.8 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original copy and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument binding on all parties hereto, notwithstanding that all parties shall not have signed the same counterpart. 
 12.9 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware; provided, however, that any cause of action for violation of federal or state securities laws shall not be governed by this Section 12.9. 
 
 55 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunder affixed their signatures to this Thirteenth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, all as of the date first set forth above. 

GENERAL PARTNER : ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. , a Maryland corporation By: /s/ Taylor M. Paul Name: Taylor M. Paul Title: Chief Financial Officer 

LIMITED PARTNERS: ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. , a Maryland corporation, attorney-in-fact for all Limited Partners other than the Special OP Unitholder By: /s/ Taylor M. Paul Name: Taylor M. Paul Title: Chief Financial Officer AREIT INCENTIVE FEE LP , a Delaware limited liability company, as sole Special OP Unitholder By: AREIT INCENTIVE FEE GP LLC, its General Partner By: ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT LLC, its sole member By: /s/ Anton Feingold Name: Anton Feingold Title: Authorized Signatory 

EXHIBIT A 
 A-1 

EXHIBIT B 

 B-1 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 7
 are-20240930xex10d5.htm
 EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5 
 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT, dated as of September 24, 2024 (this Amendment ), among AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Operating Partnership LP), a Delaware limited partnership (the Company ), the Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below). WHEREAS, the Company, the Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto are parties to that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021 (as heretofore amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement and WHEREAS, the Company, the Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent desire to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment. NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Modification of the Credit Agreement . On the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Agreement shall be amended as set forth on the pages of the Third Amended and Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement attached as Annex I hereto (the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, the Amended Credit Agreement ).
 SECTION 2. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Amendment shall be effective as of the first date on which all of the following conditions precedent are satisfied (such date being referred to herein as the Fifth Amendment Effective Date ):
 2.1 Administrative Agent s receipt of counterparts of this Amendment duly executed and delivered by each of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and Lenders constituting Required Lenders, which shall be originals or pdf copies or other electronic format (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, in each case, subject to the provisions of Section 9 hereof.
 2.2 On the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, (a) the representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Section 5.20 of the Credit Agreement or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of Sections 5.14(b) and 5.20 of the Credit Agreement or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date or for the respective period, as applicable, and except that for purposes of this Amendment, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement, and (b) no Default exists or would result from the consummation of this Amendment.

SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties of Loan Parties . In order to induce the Lenders and the Administrative Agent to enter into this Amendment, each of the Loan Parties represents and warrants (which representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery hereof) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that:
 (a) it has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement;
 (b) the execution and delivery by each Loan Party of this Amendment and the performance of this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement by each Loan Party party thereto have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action;
 (c) no approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Amendment or the Amended Credit Agreement;
 (d) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on its behalf by a duly authorized officer, and this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement each constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms; 
 (e) no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment or the Amended Credit Agreement; and
 (f) neither the execution and delivery of this Amendment nor the performance of this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement will (i) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of (or any requirement to create) any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (x) any Contractual Obligation to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or affecting any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (y) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective property is subject, the conflict or breach of which under the foregoing clauses (x) and/or (y) would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) violate any Law.
 SECTION 4. Affirmation of Guarantors . Each Guarantor hereby approves and consents to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated by this Amendment. Each Guarantor agrees and affirms that its guarantee of the Obligations (i) continues to be in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects and shall apply to the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, and all of the other Loan Documents, as such are amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with their terms and (ii) extends to all obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents.
 SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses . The Company acknowledges and agrees that its payment obligations set forth in Section 10.04 of the Credit Agreement include the reasonable
 
 2 

out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and any other documentation contemplated hereby (whether or not this Amendment becomes effective or the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated and whether or not a Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing), including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Arnold Porter Kaye Scholer LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent. SECTION 6. Ratification .
 (a) Except as herein agreed, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and affirmed by the Loan Parties. Each of the Loan Parties hereby (i) confirms and agrees that the Company has no defense, counterclaim or offset of any kind whatsoever with respect to the Obligations, and (ii) reaffirms and admits the validity and enforceability of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (b) This Amendment shall be limited precisely as written and, except as expressly provided herein, shall not be deemed (i) to be a consent granted pursuant to, or a waiver, modification or forbearance of, any term or condition of the Credit Agreement or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein or a waiver of any Default or Event of Default under the Credit Agreement, whether or not known to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders, or (ii) to prejudice any right or remedy which the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders may now have or have in the future against any Person under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein or any of the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 SECTION 7. Modifications . Neither this Amendment, nor any provision hereof, may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the parties hereto.
 SECTION 8. References . The Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that this Amendment constitutes a Loan Document. Each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference in each other Loan Document (and the other documents and instruments delivered pursuant to or in connection therewith) to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby and as the Credit Agreement may in the future be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time. 
 SECTION 9. Counterparts; Execution . Section 10.17 of the Credit Agreement is incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis , as if a part hereof. 
 SECTION 10. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
 SECTION 11. Severability . If any provision of this Amendment is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a 
 
 3 

provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. SECTION 12. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTION 5-1401 AND SECTION 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK).
 SECTION 13. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Amendment.
 SECTION 14. Entire Agreement . THIS AMENDMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES.
 [Signatures Pages Immediately Follow] 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the date first above written. COMPANY : AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Operating Partnership LP), a Delaware limited partnership By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc.), a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie Minnick Name: Lainie Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

LENDERS : BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as a Lender By: /s/ Stephanie Whitman Name: Stephanie Whitman Title: Vice President 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender By: /s/ Mabel Bernstein Name: Mabel Bernstein Title: Authorized Signatory 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as a Lender By: /s/ Ryan Dempsey Name: Ryan Dempsey Title: Authorized Officer 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL A SSOCIATION, as a Lender By: /s/ Craig V. Koshkarian Name: Craig V. Koshkarian Title: Executive Director 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

REGIONS BANK , as a Lender By: /s/ Ghi S. Gavin Name: Ghi S. Gavin Title: Senior Vice President 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

TRUIST BANK , as a Lender By: /s/ Richard De la vega Name: Richard De la vega Title: Director 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender By: /s/ William K. Gorman Name: William K. Gorman Title: Vice President 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender By: /s/ Matthew K. Mains Name: Matthew K. Mains Title: Senior Vice President 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA , as a Lender By: /s/ Dan Martis Name: Dan Martis Title: Authorized Signatory 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

PINNACLE BANK , as a Lender By: /s/ J. Patrick Daugherty Name: J. Patrick Daugherty Title: Senior Vice President 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

SYNOVUS BANK , as a Lender By: /s/ Zachary Braun Name: Zachary Braun Title: Director 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ASSOCIATED BANK, N.A. , as a Lender By: /s/ Mitchell Vega Name: Mitchell Vega Title: Senior Vice President 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ZIONS BANCORPORATION, N.A. dba Vectra Bank Colorado , as a Lender By: /s/ David Lysaught Name: David Lysaught Title: SVP 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC , as a Lender By: /s/ Craig Malloy Name: Craig Malloy Title: Director 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

RAYMOND JAMES BANK , as a Lender By: /s/ Alexander Sierra Name: Alexander Sierra Title: SVP 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK , as a Lender By: /s/ Keely McGee Name: Keely McGee Title: Managing Director 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT : BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent By: /s/ Taelitha Bonds-Harris Name: Taelitha Bonds-Harris Title: Vice President 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

Each of the Guarantors hereby acknowledges and agrees to the terms and conditions of the foregoing Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, including, without limitation, the representations and warranties made by such Guarantor in Section 3 thereof and the affirmations made by such Guarantor under Section 4 thereof. ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc.) , a Maryland corporation By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ADREX 1031 LENDER DIVERSIFIED II LLC ADREX 1031 LENDER DIVERSIFIED 3 LLC ADREX 1031 LENDER DIVERSIFIED 4 LLC ADREX 1031 LENDER DIVERSIFIED 5 LLC ADREX 1031 LENDER DIVERSIFIED 6 LLC ADREX 1031 LENDER MULTIFAMILY I LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company By: ADREX 1031 Lender LLC (f/k/a BCDPF 1031 Lender LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, the sole member of each of the foregoing 8 entities By: DPF Cherry Creek LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its manager By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ADREX 1031 CALIFORNIA LENDER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: DPF Cherry Creek LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its manager By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT 107 MORGAN LANE LLC AREIT ATLANTIC AVE PARENT MEMBER LLC AREIT CITY VIEW LLC AREIT PRESTON SHERRY LLC AREIT SALT POND LLC AREIT SUNILAND LLC AREIT TRANSPORT DRIVE CC LLC AREIT YALE VILLAGE LLC BCDPF 25 LINDEN INDUSTRIAL CENTER LLC BCDPF AIR TECH DC II LLC BCDPF AURORA DC LLC BCDPF BARROW CROSSING LLC BCDPF SPRINGDALE LLC BCDPF VILLAGE AT LEE BRANCH LLC BCDPF 395 LOGISTICS CENTER LLC BCDPF CLAYTON COMMERCE CENTER LLC DPF SANDWICH LLC TRT 1300 CONNECTICUT AVENUE OWNER LLC TRT FLYING CLOUD DRIVE LLC TRT HYANNIS LLC TRT MERIDEN LLC TRT SAUGUS LLC TRT WAREHAM LLC TRT WHITMAN 475 BEDFORD LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the sole 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

member of each of the foregoing 26 entities By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT INTERMOUNTAIN SPACE CENTER LLC AREIT WESTERN FOOD CENTER LLC AREIT EAST COLUMBIA IC LLC AREIT PLAINFIELD LOGISTICS CENTER LLC AREIT TEMPE IC LLC AREIT PHOENIX IC LLC AREIT LAS VEGAS I LLC AREIT LAS VEGAS II LLC By: AREIT 2024 P1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the sole member of each of the foregoing 8 entities By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT SAN STONE OAK LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT San Stone Oak GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets BCDPF AIRWAY INDUSTRIAL PARK LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Airway Industrial Park GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

BCDPF BAY AREA COMMERCE CENTER LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Bay Area Commerce Center GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets BCDPF LITTLE ORCHARD BUSINESS PARK LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Little Orchard Business Park GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: DPF Cherry Creek LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its manager By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets BCDPF TUSTIN BUSINESS CENTER LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Tustin Business Center GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets AREIT MORENO VALLEY DC LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Moreno Valley DC GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets DPF BEAVER CREEK LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: DPF Beaver Creek GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets AREIT GILLINGHAM IC LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Gillingham IC LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets AREIT STAFFORD GROVE IP LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Stafford Grove IP GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

TRT 270 CENTER OWNER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: TRT 270 Center Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its Sole Member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets TRT LENDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: DCTRT Securities Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT BROCKTON IC LLC AREIT ENTERPRISE WAY IC LLC AREIT INDUSTRIAL DRIVE IC LLC AREIT MAPLEWOOD DRIVE IC LLC AREIT NEW ALBANY IC LLC AREIT WES WARREN IC LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the sole member of each of the foregoing 6 entities By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its Sole Shareholder By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ADREX DIVERSIFIED 5 MASTER TENANT LLC ADREX DIVERSIFIED 6 MASTER TENANT LLC ADREX DIVERSIFIED 7 MASTER TENANT LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company By: ADREX Master Tenant LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the Sole Member of each of the foregoing 4 entities By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its Sole Member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its Sole Member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its General Partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT VM8 LOGISTICS CENTER LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT VM8 Logistics Center GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Partner, Head of U.S. Debt Capital Markets 
 [Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ANNEX I Amended Credit Agreement (see attached) 

Annex I Published Deal CUSIP Number: 09186EAD8 Published USD Revolver CUSIP Number: 09186EAE6 Published Multicurrency Revolver CUSIP Number: 09186EAH9 Published Term A-1 CUSIP Number: 09186EAE6 Published Term A-2 CUSIP Number: 09186EAE6 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT Dated as of November 22, 2021 among AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP (f/k/a BLACK CREEK DIVERSIFIED PROPERTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP), a Delaware limited partnership and CERTAIN OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES as the Borrowers BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent and an L/C Issuer, The Other L/C Issuers Party Hereto, WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents REGIONS BANK and TRUIST BANK , as Documentation Agents The Other Lenders Party Hereto BofA SECURITIES, INC. WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC , JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, REGIONS CAPITAL MARKETS and TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. as Joint Lead Arrangers BofA SECURITIES, INC. WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC , JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 1.01 DEFINED TERMS 1 1.02 OTHER INTERPRETIVE PROVISIONS 53 1.03 ACCOUNTING TERMS 54 1.04 ROUNDING 54 1.05 TIMES OF DAY 55 1.06 LETTER OF CREDIT AMOUNTS 55 1.07 INTEREST RATES 55 1.08 EXCHANGE RATES; CURRENCY EQUIVALENTS 55 1.09 ADDITIONAL ALTERNATIVE CURRENCIES 56 1.10 CHANGE OF CURRENCY 57 ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 57 2.01 THE LOANS 57 2.02 BORROWINGS, CONVERSIONS AND CONTINUATIONS OF LOANS 60 2.03 LETTERS OF CREDIT 62 2.04 [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 72 2.05 PREPAYMENTS 72 2.06 TERMINATION OR REDUCTION OF COMMITMENTS 73 2.07 REPAYMENT OF LOANS 74 2.08 INTEREST 74 2.09 FEES 75 2.10 COMPUTATION OF INTEREST AND FEES; RETROACTIVE ADJUSTMENTS OF APPLICABLE RATE 77 2.11 EVIDENCE OF DEBT 78 2.12 PAYMENTS GENERALLY; ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S CLAWBACK 78 2.13 SHARING OF PAYMENTS BY LENDERS 80 2.14 EXTENSION OF MATURITY DATE IN RESPECT OF THE REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY 81 2.15 INCREASE IN TOTAL CREDIT EXPOSURE 81 2.16 CASH COLLATERAL 83 2.17 DEFAULTING LENDERS 84 2.18 ADDITION AND REMOVAL OF UNENCUMBERED PROPERTIES 87 2.19 DESIGNATED BORROWERS 87 ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 89 3.01 TAXES 89 3.02 ILLEGALITY 93 3.03 INABILITY TO DETERMINE RATES; REPLACEMENT OF RELEVANT RATES OR SUCCESSOR RATES 94 3.04 INCREASED COSTS 97 3.05 COMPENSATION FOR LOSSES 99 3.06 MITIGATION OBLIGATIONS; REPLACEMENT OF LENDERS 99 3.07 SURVIVAL 100 ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 100 4.01 CONDITIONS OF EFFECTIVENESS 100 4.02 CONDITIONS TO ALL CREDIT EXTENSIONS 102 ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 103 5.01 EXISTENCE, QUALIFICATION AND POWER 103 5.02 AUTHORIZATION; NO CONTRAVENTION 103 5.03 GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION; OTHER CONSENTS 104 5.04 BINDING EFFECT 104 5.05 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT 104 
 
 - i - 

5.06 LITIGATION 104 5.07 NO DEFAULT 104 5.08 OWNERSHIP OF PROPERTY; LIENS 105 5.09 ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 105 5.10 TAXES 105 5.11 ERISA COMPLIANCE 105 5.12 SUBSIDIARIES; EQUITY INTERESTS 106 5.13 MARGIN REGULATIONS; INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT 106 5.14 DISCLOSURE 106 5.15 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS 107 5.16 TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 107 5.17 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY; LICENSES, ETC. 107 5.18 REIT STATUS 108 5.19 UNENCUMBERED PROPERTIES 108 5.20 OFAC 109 5.21 ANTI-CORRUPTION 110 5.22 SOLVENCY 110 5.23 AFFECTED FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 110 5.24 COVERED ENTITIES 110 5.25 REPRESENTATIONS AS TO FOREIGN OBLIGORS 110 ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 111 6.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION 111 6.02 NOTICES 113 6.03 PAYMENT OF TAXES 113 6.04 PRESERVATION OF EXISTENCE, ETC. 114 6.05 MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTIES 114 6.06 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE 114 6.07 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS 114 6.08 BOOKS AND RECORDS 114 6.09 INSPECTION RIGHTS 114 6.10 USE OF PROCEEDS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT 114 6.11 REIT STATUS 115 6.12 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES 115 6.13 RELEASE OF GUARANTORS 115 6.14 INVESTOR GUARANTIES 116 6.15 ANTI-CORRUPTION LAWS; SANCTIONS 116 6.16 APPROVALS AND AUTHORIZATIONS 117 ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 117 7.01 LIENS 117 7.02 INVESTMENTS 117 7.03 FUNDAMENTAL CHANGES 117 7.04 RESTRICTED PAYMENTS 118 7.05 CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS 118 7.06 TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES 118 7.07 [RESERVED] 118 7.08 USE OF PROCEEDS 118 7.09 FINANCIAL COVENANTS 119 7.10 EXCHANGE PROPERTY; EXCHANGE FEE TITLEHOLDERS 120 7.11 CHANGES TO ADVISORY AGREEMENT 120 7.12 SANCTIONS 120 7.13 ANTI-CORRUPTION LAWS 120 ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 121 8.01 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 121 8.02 REMEDIES UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT 122 
 
 - ii - 

8.03 APPLICATION OF FUNDS 123 ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 124 9.01 APPOINTMENT AND AUTHORITY 124 9.02 RIGHTS AS A LENDER 124 9.03 EXCULPATORY PROVISIONS 124 9.04 RELIANCE BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 125 9.05 DELEGATION OF DUTIES 126 9.06 RESIGNATION OR REMOVAL OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 126 9.07 NON-RELIANCE ON THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE ARRANGERS AND THE OTHER LENDERS 128 9.08 NO OTHER DUTIES, ETC 128 9.09 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT MAY FILE PROOFS OF CLAIM 129 9.10 LENDER REPLY PERIOD 129 9.11 CERTAIN ERISA MATTERS 130 9.12 RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUS PAYMENTS 131 9.13 GUARANTY MATTERS 131 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 131 10.01 AMENDMENTS, ETC. 131 10.02 NOTICES; EFFECTIVENESS; ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION 135 10.03 NO WAIVER; CUMULATIVE REMEDIES; ENFORCEMENT 137 10.04 EXPENSES; INDEMNITY; DAMAGE WAIVER 137 10.05 PAYMENTS SET ASIDE 139 10.06 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS 140 10.07 TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY 145 10.08 RIGHT OF SETOFF 146 10.09 INTEREST RATE LIMITATION 146 10.10 INTEGRATION; EFFECTIVENESS 147 10.11 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 147 10.12 SEVERABILITY 147 10.13 REPLACEMENT OF LENDERS 147 10.14 GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; ETC. 149 10.15 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 150 10.16 NO ADVISORY OR FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 150 10.17 ELECTRONIC EXECUTION; ELECTRONIC RECORDS; COUNTERPARTS 151 10.18 USA PATRIOT ACT 152 10.19 TIME OF THE ESSENCE 152 10.20 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 152 10.21 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND CONSENT TO BAIL-IN OF AFFECTED FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 152 10.22 AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 153 10.23 SPECIAL PROVISIONS REGARDING PERMITTED TAX INCENTIVE TRANSACTIONS 154 10.24 JUDGMENT CURRENCY 155 10.25 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT REGARDING ANY SUPPORTED QFCS 155 ARTICLE XI. CONTINUING GUARANTY 156 11.01 GUARANTY. 156 11.02 RIGHTS OF LENDERS 157 11.03 CERTAIN WAIVERS 157 11.04 OBLIGATIONS INDEPENDENT 158 11.05 SUBROGATION 158 11.06 TERMINATION; REINSTATEMENT 158 11.07 SUBORDINATION 158 11.08 STAY OF ACCELERATION 158 11.09 CONDITION OF LOAN PARTIES 159 11.10 CONTRIBUTION 159 
 
 - iii - 

SCHEDULES 2.01A Commitments and Applicable Percentages 2.01B L/C Commitments 2.01(b) Existing Revolving Credit Loans and Existing Term Loans 2.03 Existing Letters of Credit 2.10 Day Basis for Alternative Currencies 5.06 Litigation 5.12 Equity Interests in Subsidiary Guarantors 5.19 Unencumbered Properties 7.06 Transactions with Affiliates 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices; Taxpayer Identification Number EXHIBITS Form of A Committed Loan Notice B [Reserved] C-1 Term A-1 Note C-2 Term A-2 Note C-3 Revolving Credit Note D Compliance Certificate E-1 Assignment and Assumption E-2 Administrative Questionnaire F-1 Third Amended and Restated Guaranty F-2 Third Amended and Restated Subsidiary Guaranty G Opinion Matters H U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates I Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement J Designated Borrower Notice K Notice of Additional L/C Issuer L Subordination Agreement 
 
 - iv - 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT This THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT is entered into as of November 22, 2021, among AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP (f/k/a BLACK CREEK DIVERSIFIED PROPERTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP), a Delaware limited partnership (the Company ), certain Subsidiaries of the Company party hereto pursuant to Section 2.19 (each a Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each a Borrower ), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender ), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent and an L/C Issuer, and the other L/C Issuers from time to time party hereto. The Company has requested that the Lenders provide a credit facility, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: Adjusted EBITDA means Consolidated EBITDA less, with respect to Properties owned by the Consolidated Group, the Capital Expenditure Reserve, and less, with respect to Properties owned by Unconsolidated Affiliates, the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of the Capital Expenditure Reserve. Administrative Agent means Bank of America (through itself or through any of its designated branch offices or Affiliates) in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. Administrative Agent s Office means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 with respect to such currency, or such other address or account with respect to such currency as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Company and the Lenders. Advisory Agreement means that certain Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (2021), dated as of July 1, 2021, by and among the Company, the Trust, and ARES Commercial Real Estate Management LLC, as the same may be amended, revised, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms hereof. Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form of Exhibit E-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution, or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with 
 - 1 - 

the Person specified, provided, however , that in no event shall the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates be deemed for purposes hereof to be an Affiliate of the Company or any other Loan Parties. Agent Parties has the meaning specified in Section 10.02 . Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. Agreed Currency means Dollars or any Alternative Currency, as applicable. Agreement means this Third Amended and Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement. Agreement Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.24 . Alternative Currency means each of the following currencies: Euro, Sterling, Canadian dollars, together with each other currency (other than Dollars) that is approved in accordance with Section 1.09 ; provided that for each Alternative Currency, such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. Alternative Currency Daily Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Credit Extension: (a) denominated in Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment; and (b) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Credit Extension denominated in such currency will bear interest at a daily rate), the daily rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders or L/C Issuers, as applicable, in each case pursuant to Section 1.09 plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders or L/C Issuers, as applicable, in each case pursuant to Section 1.09 ; provided , that, if any Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any change in an Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate. All Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. Alternative Currency Equivalent means, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, by reference to Bloomberg (or such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates), to be the exchange rate for the purchase of such Alternative Currency with Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two (2) Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; provided , however , that if no such rate is available, the Alternative Currency Equivalent shall be determined by the Administrative Agent or the 
 - 2 - 

applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, using any reasonable method of determination that it deems appropriate in its sole discretion (and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). Alternative Currency Loan means an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable. Alternative Currency Sublimit means an amount equal to 300,000,000. The Alternative Currency Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility and the Aggregate Commitments . Alternative Currency Term Rate means, for any Interest Period, with respect to any Credit Extension: (a) denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) on the day that is two TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; (b) denominated in Canadian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) (the Term CORRA Rate on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period plus the Term CORRA Adjustment for such Interest Period; and (c) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Credit Extension denominated in such currency will bear interest at a term rate), the term rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders or L/C Issuers, as applicable, in each case pursuant to Section 1.09 plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders or L/C Issuers, as applicable, in each case pursuant to Section 1.09 ; provided , that, if any Alternative Currency Term Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Term Rate. All Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. Applicable Authority means (a) with respect to SOFR, the SOFR Administrator or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or the SOFR Administrator with respect to its publication of SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, (b) with respect to Term SOFR, CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity and (c) with respect to any Alternative Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the 
 - 3 - 

Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of the applicable Relevant Rate, in each case acting in such capacity. Applicable Law means, as to any Person, all applicable Laws binding upon such Person or to which such a Person is subject. Applicable Percentage means (a) in respect of the Term A-1 Facility, with respect to any Term A-1 Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Term A-1 Facility represented by (i) on or prior to the Term A-1 Termination Date, such Term A-1 Lender s Term A-1 Commitment at such time, and (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of such Term A-1 Lender s Term A-1 Loans at such time, and (b) in respect of the Term A-2 Facility, with respect to any Term A-2 Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Term A-2 Facility represented by (i) on or prior to the Term A-2 Termination Date, such Term A-2 Lender s Term A-2 Commitment at such time, and (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of such Term A-2 Lender s Term A-2 Loans at such time, and (c)(i) in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility other than L/C Obligations, with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Revolving Credit Facility represented by such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment at such time, (ii) in respect of matters relating to Multicurrency Tranche Commitments and Multicurrency Tranche Loans only, with respect to any Multicurrency Tranche Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the aggregate amount of all Lenders Multicurrency Tranche Commitments at such time, represented by such Multicurrency Tranche Lender s Multicurrency Tranche Commitment at such time, and (iii) in respect of matters relating to Dollar Tranche Commitments (including L/C Obligations) and Dollar Tranche Loans only, with respect to any Dollar Tranche Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the aggregate amount of all Lenders Dollar Tranche Commitments at such time, represented by such Dollar Tranche Lender s Dollar Tranche Commitment at such time; as any such Applicable Percentage for the respective Facility or Tranche may be adjusted as provided in Section 2.17 . If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of the applicable Facility or Tranche shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender in respect of such Facility or Tranche most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments, and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of each Facility and Tranche is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01A or in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. Applicable Rate means, in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility and each Term Facility, the applicable percentage per annum set forth below determined by reference to the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.01(c) : Revolving Credit Facility Term Facilities Pricing Level Consolidated Leverage Ratio Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans Base Rate Loans Letter of Credit Fee Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Loans Base Rate Loans 
 
 - 4 - 

and Alternative Currency Loans I 40 1.25 0.25 1.25 1.20 0.20 II > 40 and 45 1.35 0.35 1.35 1.25 0.25 III > 45 and 50 1.45 0.45 1.45 1.35 0.35 IV > 50 and 55 1.60 0.60 1.60 1.50 0.50 V > 55 and 60 1.80 0.80 1.80 1.70 0.70 VI > 60 2.00 1.00 2.00 1.90 0.90 
 Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(c) ; provided, however , that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then, upon the request of the Required Lenders, Pricing Level VI shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and shall remain in effect until the date on which such Compliance Certificate is actually delivered. The Applicable Rate in effect from the Closing Date through the date of the next change in the Applicable Rate pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be determined based upon Pricing Level I. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.10(b) . If either the Company or the Trust has received two (2) Investment Grade Ratings, the Company shall have a one-time option to make an election to the effect that the Applicable Rate shall be the rate set forth in the tables below corresponding to the Pricing Level into which the Investment Grade Ratings then fall by sending written irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent that either the Company or the Trust has received two (2) such Investment Grade Ratings. Revolving Credit Facility Term Facilities Pricing Level Rating Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Loans and Letter of Credit Fee Base Rate Loans Facility Fee Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Loans Base Rate Loans I A- / A3 0.725 0.00 0.125 0.80 0.00 II BBB+ / Baa1 0.775 0.00 0.15 0.85 0.00 III BBB / Baa2 0.85 0.00 0.20 0.95 0.00 
 
 - 5 - 

IV BBB- / Baa3 1.05 0.05 0.25 1.20 0.20 V BBB- / Baa3 (or unrated) 1.40 0.40 0.30 1.60 0.60 
 Initially, the Applicable Rate shall be determined based upon the debt rating specified in the certificate delivered at the time the Company elects the Ratings Based Pricing Grid. Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the debt rating shall be effective, in the case of an upgrade, during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change and, in the case of a downgrade, during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moody s or S P shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Company and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. If at any time when the Company or Trust, as applicable, has only two (2) debt ratings, and such debt ratings are split, then: (A) if the difference between such debt ratings is one ratings category (e.g., Baa2 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch), the Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the higher of the debt ratings were used; and (B) if the difference between such debt ratings is two ratings categories (e.g. Baa1 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch) or more, the Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the ratings category one category below the higher debt rating were used. If at any time when the Company or Trust, as applicable, has three (3) debt ratings, and such debt ratings are split, then: (A) if the difference between the highest and the lowest such debt ratings is one ratings category (e.g., Baa2 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch), the Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the highest of the debt ratings were used; and (B) if the difference between such debt ratings is two ratings categories (e.g., Baa1 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch) or more, the Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the average of the two (2) highest debt ratings were used, provided that if such average is not a recognized rating category, then the Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the second highest debt rating of the three were used. Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage means, with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Percentage in respect of its Dollar Tranche Commitment at such time. Applicable Time means, with respect to any Borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. Applicant Borrower has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a) . 
 - 6 - 

Appropriate Lender means, at any time, (a) with respect to either of the Term Facilities, a Lender that has a Commitment with respect to such Facility or holds a Term Loan made under such Facility at such time, (b) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, a Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment, Dollar Tranche Commitment, Multicurrency Tranche Commitments or holds or a Revolving Credit Loan, Dollar Tranche Loan or Multicurrency Tranche Loan, as the context may require, and (b) with respect to the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (i) the L/C Issuers and (ii) if any Letters of Credit have been issued pursuant to Section 2.03(a) , the Dollar Tranche Lenders. Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Arrangers means BofA Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Capital One, National Association, Regions Capital Markets and Truist Securities, Inc., in their capacity as joint lead arrangers. Asset Under Development means any Property (a) for which the Consolidated Group is actively pursuing construction, major renovation, or expansion of such Property or (b) for which no construction has commenced but all necessary entitlements (excluding foundation, building and similar permits) have been obtained in order to allow the Consolidated Group to commence constructing improvements on such Property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, tenant improvements in a previously constructed Property shall not be considered an Asset Under Development and, with respect to any existing Property, only the major renovation or expansion portion of such Property shall be considered an Asset Under Development. Assignee Group means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor. Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)) , and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E-1 or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Consolidated Group for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Trust, the Company and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. From and after the Closing, Audited Financial Statements shall mean the most recent Audited Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.05(a) . Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b) . Availability Period means in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (i) the Maturity Date with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, (ii) the date of termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (iii) the date of termination of the commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender 
 - 7 - 

to make Revolving Credit Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A., and its successors. Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, (c) Term SOFR (as defined in clause (b) of the definition thereof) plus 1.00 and (d) 1.00 . The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greatest of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. Base Rate Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan, a Term A-1 Loan or a Term A-2 Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. All Base Rate Loans are only available to U.S. Borrowers and shall be denominated in Dollars. Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May, 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. Board has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Change of Control in this Section 1.01 . 
 - 8 - 

Bookrunners means BofA Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Capital One, National Association, in their capacity as joint bookrunners. Borrower and Borrowers have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Borrower Guaranty means the Guaranty made by the Company and each Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, pursuant to Article XI . Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c) . Borrowing means a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a Term A-1 Borrowing, or a Term A-2 Borrowing, as the context may require. Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located; provided that: (a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, means a Business Day that is also a TARGET Day; (b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Sterling, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom; (c) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro or Sterling, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in the relevant currency are conducted by and between banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency; and (d) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Euro in respect of an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. Capital Expenditure Reserve means (i) 0.10 per square foot of leasable space (as annualized for the applicable ownership period) for industrial Properties, (ii) 0.15 per square foot of leasable space (as annualized for the applicable ownership period) for retail Properties, (iii) 0.25 per square foot of leasable space (as annualized for the applicable ownership period) for office Properties and (iv) 200 per unit (as annualized for the applicable ownership period) for residential Properties. 
 - 9 - 

Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.03(b) or in this definition of Capital Lease Obligations, in the event of an accounting change requiring certain leases to be capitalized, only those leases that would have otherwise constituted capital leases in conformity with GAAP as of December 31, 2018, shall be considered capital leases. Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, one or more of the L/C Issuers or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer(s) benefiting from such collateral shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer(s). Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. Cash Collateral Account has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(o) . Cash Equivalents means, as of any date: (i) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States Government or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than one year from such date; (ii) mutual funds organized under the Investment Company Act rated AAm or AAm-G by S P and P-1 by Moody (iii) certificates of deposit or other interest-bearing obligations of a bank or trust company which is a member in good standing of the Federal Reserve System having a short term unsecured debt rating of not less than A-1 by S P and not less than P-1 by Moody s (or in each case, if no bank or trust company is so rated, the highest comparable rating then given to any bank or trust company, but in such case only for funds invested overnight or over a weekend) provided that such investments shall mature or be redeemable upon the option of the holders thereof on or prior to a date one month from the date of their purchase; (iv) certificates of deposit or other interest-bearing obligations of a bank or trust company which is a member in good standing of the Federal Reserve System having a short term unsecured debt rating of not less than A-1+ by S P and not less than P-1 by Moody s and which has a long term unsecured debt rating of not less than A1 by Moody s (or in each case, if no bank or trust company is so rated, the highest comparable rating then given to any bank or trust company, but in such case only for funds invested overnight or over a weekend) provided that such investments shall mature or be redeemable upon the option of the holders thereof on or prior to a date three months from the date of their purchase; 
 - 10 - 

(v) bonds or other obligations having a short term unsecured debt rating of not less than A-1+ by S P and P-1+ by Moody s and having a long term debt rating of not less than A1 by Moody s issued by or by authority of any state of the United States, any territory or possession of the United States, including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and agencies thereof, or any political subdivision of any of the foregoing; (vi) repurchase agreements issued by an entity rated not less than A-1+ by S P, and not less than P-1 by Moody s which are secured by United States Government securities of the type described in clause (i) of this definition maturing on or prior to a date one month from the date the repurchase agreement is entered into; (vii) short term promissory notes rated not less than A-1+ by S P, and not less than P-1 by Moody s maturing or to be redeemable upon the option of the holders thereof on or prior to a date one month from the date of their purchase; and (viii) commercial paper (having original maturities of not more than 365 days) rated at least A-1+ by S P and P-1 by Moody s and issued by a foreign or domestic issuer who, at the time of the investment, has outstanding long-term unsecured debt obligations rated at least A1 by Moody s. Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation (including without limitation Regulation D) or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, or implemented. Change of Control means the occurrence of any one of the following events (other than to the extent permitted under Section 7.03 ): (a) during any twelve (12) month period on or after the Closing Date, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors or Trustees of Trust (the Board (together with any new directors whose election by the Board or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of Trust was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the members of the Board then in office who either were members of the Board at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason (other than death or disability) to constitute a majority of the members of the Board then in office; (b) any Person or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person or its subsidiaries, and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan and the rules and regulations thereunder) shall 
 - 11 - 

have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of a percentage (based on voting power, in the event different classes of stock shall have different voting powers) of the voting stock of Trust equal to at least thirty percent (30 ); (c) Trust consolidates with, is acquired by, or merges into or with any Person (other than a consolidation or merger in which Trust is the continuing or surviving entity); (d) Trust fails to own, directly or indirectly, at least thirty percent (30 of the Ownership Interests of the Company and be the sole general partner of the Company ; or (e) the Company ceases to own, directly or indirectly, all of the Equity Interests (except directors qualifying shares) in any of the Designated Borrowers, free and clear of all Liens except Permitted Equity Encumbrances. Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 . CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Commitment means a Term A-1 Commitment, a Term A-2 Commitment or a Revolving Credit Commitment, as the context may require. Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Term A-1 Borrowing, (b) a Term A-2 Borrowing, (c) a Revolving Credit Borrowing, (d) a conversion of Loans from one Type to another, (e) a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, or (f) a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. Company has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with any of SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, any Alternative Currency Daily Rate, any Alternative Currency Term Rate, any Relevant Rate or any proposed Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions related thereto, including Base Rate , Daily Simple SOFR , SOFR , Term SOFR , Term SOFR Screen Rate , SONIA , and Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation 
 - 12 - 

notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such Agreed Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Agreed Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Consolidated Debt Service means, for any period, without duplication, (a) Recurring Interest Expense for such period plus (b) the aggregate amount of scheduled principal payments attributable to Total Indebtedness (excluding optional prepayments and prepayment premiums and scheduled balloon principal payments in respect of any such Indebtedness which is not amortized through periodic installments of principal and interest over the term of such Indebtedness) required to be made during such period by any member of the Consolidated Group plus (c) a percentage of all such scheduled principal payments required to be made during such period by any Unconsolidated Affiliate on Indebtedness (excluding optional prepayments and prepayment premiums and scheduled balloon principal payments with respect to any such indebtedness which is not amortized through periodic installments of principal and interest over the term of such Indebtedness) taken into account in calculating Recurring Interest Expense, equal to the greater of (x) the percentage of the principal amount of such Indebtedness for which any member of the Consolidated Group is liable and (y) the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of such Unconsolidated Affiliate. Consolidated EBITDA means Consolidated Net Income plus (a) adjustments for straight line rent if not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income plus (b) to the extent deducted from revenues in determining Consolidated Net Income, (i) interest expense, (ii) expense for taxes paid or accrued, (iii) depreciation, (iv) amortization, (v) impairment charges, (vi) amounts deducted as a result of the application of FASB ASC 805 as it pertains to above-market rents, (vii) non-cash expenses related to employee and trustee stock and stock option plans, (viii) non-recurring financing, acquisition and disposition related fees and costs, (ix) extraordinary losses incurred other than in the ordinary course of business, (x) Performance Fee expense, provided that any addback of such expense pursuant to this clause (x) will only be permitted if the Company, the Trust and the Advisor have executed a subordination agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit L hereto or otherwise on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (and such subordination agreement is in effect at the time of such addback) and the Performance Fee associated with such addback is not paid in contravention of the terms thereof (it being acknowledged and agreed that a subordination agreement is not required to be executed or in effect unless the Company desires to add back Performance Fee expense as provided in this clause (x) ), (xi) unrealized losses, and (xii) in the Company s reasonable discretion, other non-cash charges for such period, minus (c) to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, (i) amounts added as a result of the application of FASB ASC 805 as it pertains to below-market rents, (ii) extraordinary or non-recurring gains realized other than in the ordinary course of business and (iii) unrealized gains. For the avoidance of doubt, Consolidated EBITDA shall not include gains 
 - 13 - 

and losses from asset sales including gains and losses associated with the exercise of a FMV Option. Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to Fixed Charges. Consolidated Group means the Trust, the Company and all Subsidiaries which are required to be consolidated with them for financial reporting purposes under GAAP. Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share means, with respect to any Unconsolidated Affiliate, the pro rata share of the ownership interests held by the Consolidated Group, in the aggregate, in such Unconsolidated Affiliate, without duplication. Consolidated Leverage Ratio means, at any date of determination, the sum of Total Indebtedness as of such date plus the Master Lease Obligations as of such date divided by Total Asset Value as of such date, expressed as a percentage; provided that, solely for purposes of calculating Consolidated Leverage Ratio, if, as of such date, the Borrower has not obtained the necessary detailed information in a timely and reliable manner to allow it to determine the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of the assets and liabilities of any Unconsolidated Minority Interest Affiliate, then the Total Asset Value used to determine Consolidated Leverage Ratio for such Unconsolidated Minority Interest Affiliate investments shall equal the fair value of the Consolidated Group s net equity in such investments, and Total Indebtedness for such investments shall be deemed to be 0. Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, the sum, without duplication, of (i) net earnings (or loss) after taxes of the Consolidated Group (adjusted by eliminating any such earnings or loss attributable to Unconsolidated Affiliates) plus (ii) the applicable Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of net earnings (or loss) of all Unconsolidated Affiliates for such period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP provided, however , that (x) lease payments attributable to Sale-Leaseback Master Leases which are generally excluded from consolidated net income in accordance with GAAP shall nonetheless be included as earnings for purposes of this definition and (y) loan origination fees received in connection with First Mortgage Investments, Other Debt Investments and Exchange Debt Investments shall be treated as interest income amortized over the anticipated life of such Investment notwithstanding the fair value method of accounting under GAAP). Consolidated Tangible Net Worth means, at any time, total assets (excluding accumulated depreciation and amortization and excluding intangible assets) of the Consolidated Group minus total liabilities of the Consolidated Group, calculated in accordance with GAAP. However, for the purpose of this calculation, intangible assets resulting from the application of FASB ASC 805 shall not be excluded from Consolidated Tangible Net Worth. Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any material agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting 
 - 14 - 

power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. CORRA means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor administrator). Covered Entity has the meaning specified in Section 10.24(b) . Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. Creditor Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.05 , and the other Persons to whom the Obligations are owing. Current Appraisal has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Property Value in this Section 1.01 . Daily Simple SOFR means the rate per annum equal to SOFR determined for any day pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SOFR Adjustment. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. If the rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Daily SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple SOFR. All Daily SOFR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. Debt Instrument means any instrument evidencing a debt, including mortgage notes and mezzanine notes. Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2 per annum; provided, however , that with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, a Daily SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2 per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate plus 2 per annum. Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within three Business Days of the date such Loans were 
 - 15 - 

required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit) within three Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Company, the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within five Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Company, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder subject to and in accordance with the terms hereof provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Company), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be prima facie evidence thereof, absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(b) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Company, each L/C Issuer and each other Lender promptly following such determination. Designated Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Designated Borrower Notice means the notice substantially in the form of Exhibit J . Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement means the notice substantially in the form of Exhibit I . Designated Jurisdiction means any country, region or territory to the extent that such country, region or territory, or any Governmental Authority of any such country, region or territory, is the subject of any Sanction. 
 - 16 - 

Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, assignment, contribution, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. Division Successor means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable) by the applicable Bloomberg source (or such other publicly available source for displaying exchange rates) on the date that is two (2) Business Days immediately preceding the date of determination (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable, using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer pursuant to clauses (b) or (c) above shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Dollar Tranche Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to (a) make Dollar Tranche Loans to the Company pursuant to Section 2.01(c)(i) , and (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations , in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar Equivalent of the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01A under the caption Dollar Tranche Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement . Dollar Tranche Lender means a Revolving Credit Lender with a Dollar Tranche Commitment or an outstanding Dollar Tranche Loan. 
 - 17 - 

Dollar Tranche Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(c)(i) . Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a state within the United States or the District of Columbia. EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Electronic Copy shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.17 . Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii) , and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii) ). Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds means the cash proceeds held by a qualified intermediary from the sale of a Property by the Company or a Subsidiary, which cash proceeds are intended to be used by the qualified intermediary to acquire one or more replacement properties that are of like-kind to such Property in an exchange that qualifies as a tax-deferred exchange under Section 1031 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (the Regulations ), and no portion of which cash proceeds the Company or any Subsidiary has the right to receive, pledge, borrow or otherwise obtain the benefits of until the earlier of (i) such time as provided under Regulation Section 1.1031(k)-1(g)(6) and the applicable exchange agreement or (ii) such exchange is terminated in accordance with the exchange agreement and the Regulations. Upon the cash proceeds no longer being held by the qualified intermediary pursuant to the Regulations or otherwise qualifying under the Regulations for like-kind exchange treatment, such proceeds shall cease being Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds. Terms in quotations in this definition shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Regulations. Eligible Currency means any lawful currency other than Dollars that is readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the international interbank market available to the Lenders or the L/C Issuers, as applicable, in such market and as to which a Dollar Equivalent may be readily calculated. If, after the designation by the Lenders or the L/C Issuers, as applicable, of any currency as an Alternative Currency (or if, with respect to any currency that constitutes an Alternative Currency on the Closing Date, after the Closing Date), any change in currency controls or exchange regulations or any change in the national or international financial, political or 
 - 18 - 

economic conditions are imposed in the country in which such currency is issued, result in, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent (in the case of any Loans to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) or the applicable L/C Issuer(s) (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency), (a) such currency no longer being readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars, (b) a Dollar Equivalent is no longer readily calculable with respect to such currency, (c) providing such currency is impracticable for the Lenders or the L/C Issuers, as applicable, or (d) no longer a currency in which the Required Tranche Lenders are willing to make such Credit Extensions (each of clauses (a) , (b) , (c) , and (d) a Disqualifying Event ), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Company, and such country s currency shall no longer be an Alternative Currency until such time as the Disqualifying Event(s) no longer exist(s). Within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall repay all Loans in such currency to which the Disqualifying Event applies or convert such Loans into the Dollar Equivalent of Loans in Dollars, subject to the other terms contained herein. Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws (including common law), regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of human health and safety, the environment and natural resources or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law, directly or indirectly relating to (a) any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 - 19 - 

ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan within the meaning of Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA or the determination that any Multiemployer Plan is considered a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 304 and 305 of ERISA; or (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. Euro and mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . Exchange Act has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Change of Control in this Section 1.01 . Exchange Beneficial Interest means a beneficial interest in a Delaware statutory trust that owns an Exchange Property. Exchange Debt Investments means purchase money financing provided to an Exchange Property Investor in connection with the Exchange Program, secured by the Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interest of the Exchange Property Investor. Exchange Depositor means each Subsidiary that is the depositor under a Delaware statutory trust that is part of the Exchange Program. Exchange Fee Titleholder means the entity which is the owner of a Property pursuant to an exchange that qualifies, qualified, or is intended to qualify, as a reverse exchange under Section 1031 of the Code, which Property is master leased to a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company during the period before the exchange is either completed or fails. Exchange Program means the program whereby Affiliates of the Company will cause (a)(i) the formation of a Delaware statutory trust which will receive contributions of Properties from the Company or an Affiliate of the Company or acquire Properties from third parties, in each case which Properties will become Exchange Properties upon addition to the Exchange Program, and (ii) the sale of beneficial ownership interests in such Delaware statutory trust to Exchange Property Investors or (b) the sale of tenant in common interests in Properties owned by the Company or an Affiliate of the Company to Exchange Property Investors, and in each case will 
 - 20 - 

master lease such Properties to an Affiliate of the Company (which master leases may be guaranteed by the Company or the Trust). Exchange Property means a Property owned directly or indirectly by a Delaware statutory trust or TIC Owners in connection with the Exchange Program, provided that any such Property shall constitute an Exchange Property only so long as it is master leased to an Affiliate of the Company which master lease may be guaranteed by the Company and/or the Trust. Exchange Property Investor means any owner of an Exchange Beneficial Interest or owners of tenant in common interests in Properties TIC Owners ). Exchange Property Master Lease means a Master Lease pursuant to which an Exchange Property is master leased to an Affiliate of the Company. Exchange Property Owner means the Delaware statutory trust or TIC Owners owning directly or indirectly an Exchange Property. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise or similar Taxes, and branch profits or similar Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under Section 10.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(b) or (d) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure or inability to comply with Section 3.01(g) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement dated as of January 11, 2019, among the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders parties thereto, as amended prior to the date hereof. Existing Letters of Credit means the letters of credit listed on Schedule 2.03 . Existing Maturity Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a) . Existing Revolving Credit Loans means the Loans listed on Schedule 2.01(b) under the heading Existing Revolving Credit Loans . Existing Term Loans means the Loans listed on Schedule 2.01(b) under the heading Existing Term Loans . Exiting Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 10.22 . 
 - 21 - 

Facility means the Term A-1 Facility, the Term A-2 Facility or the Revolving Credit Facility, as the context may require, and Facilities means a collective reference to the Term A-1 Facility, the Term A-2 Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility. FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing. Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Fee Letter means collectively the (a) letter agreement, dated September 13, 2021, among the Company, the Administrative Agent and BofA Securities, Inc., as an Arranger, and (b) any letter agreements entered into among the Company and the other Arrangers with respect to arranger fees payable to such other Arrangers in connection with the arrangement of commitments under this Agreement. Federal Reserve System means the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Financeable Ground Lease means, except as otherwise approved by the Required Lenders, a ground lease that provides reasonable and customary protections for a potential leasehold mortgagee Mortgagee which include, among other things, (a) a remaining term, including any optional extension terms exercisable unilaterally by the tenant, of no less than twenty-five (25) years from the Closing Date, (b) that the ground lease will not be terminated until the Mortgagee has received notice of a default, has had a reasonable opportunity to cure or complete foreclosure, and has failed to do so, (c) provision for a new lease on the same terms to the Mortgagee as tenant if the ground lease is terminated for any reason or other protective provisions reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent, (d) non-merger of the fee and leasehold estates, (e) transferability of the tenant s interest under the ground lease without any requirement for consent of the ground lessor unless based on reasonable objective criteria as to the creditworthiness or line of business of the transferee or delivery of customary assignment and assumption agreements from the transferor and transferee, and (f) that insurance proceeds and condemnation awards (from leasehold interest) will be applied pursuant to the terms of the applicable leasehold mortgage. Financial Metrics has the meaning specified in Section 7.09(i) . 
 - 22 - 

First Amendment Effective Date means July 18, 2022. First Mortgage Investments means any loan or advance from any member of the Consolidated Group to the First Mortgage Investment Mortgagor secured by any real estate owned by the First Mortgage Investment Mortgagor (or any related party) and secured by a first priority mortgage or deed of trust or similar security instrument in favor of the applicable lender. First Mortgage Investment Mortgagor means the mortgagor of the property financed by the First Mortgage Investment. Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc. and any successor thereto. Fixed Charges means, for any period, the sum of (i) Consolidated Debt Service and (ii) all dividends actually paid on account of preferred stock or preferred operating partnership units of the Company or any other Person in the Consolidated Group (including dividends actually paid to Unconsolidated Affiliates but excluding dividends paid to members of the Consolidated Group). FMV Option means, for each Exchange Property, the option, but not the obligation, of the Company to, directly or indirectly, purchase such Exchange Property or the Exchange Beneficial Interests relating to such Exchange Property at fair market value at any time (i) beginning on the first to occur of (A) the last day of the 24th month following the final closing of the sale of Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interests, as applicable, and (B) the last day of the 48th month following the date the Exchange Property Owner enters into the Exchange Property Master Lease (such earlier date is the FMV Option Start Date and (ii) expiring on the last day of the 12th month following the FMV Option Start Date. The consideration for any such purchase shall be the issuance of units in the Company or cash or a combination thereof. Foreign Lender means, with respect to any Borrower (a) if such Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if such Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes (including such a Lender when acting in the capacity of the L/C Issuer). For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. Foreign Obligor means a Loan Party that is a Foreign Subsidiary. Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to any L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 - 23 - 

Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority and any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). Guarantee Obligation means, without duplication, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing (the guaranteeing person or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations payable or performable by another Person (including, without limitation, any bank under any letter of credit) (the primary obligor then payable or performable in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, any obligation of the guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (1) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (2) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided , however, that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of the primary obligation relating to such Guarantee Obligation (or, if less, the maximum stated liability set forth in the instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation), provided , that in the absence of any such stated amount or stated liability, the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing person s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Company in good faith. Guarantors means, collectively, the Trust, the Company, all Subsidiary Guarantors and all Investor Guarantors and, with respect to Obligations owing by any Designated Borrower, the Company and each Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary. Guaranty means collectively the guaranty from the Trust, and any Subsidiary Guaranty, substantially in the forms of Exhibits F-1 , and F-2 , respectively, the Borrower Guaranty and any Investor Guaranty, each made in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 - 24 - 

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other similar substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. Increase Effective Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.15(d) . Indebtedness of any Person at any date means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money including without limitation any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to securities, accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current trade liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with customary practices), to the extent such obligations constitute indebtedness for the purposes of GAAP, (c) any other indebtedness of such Person which is evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument and constitutes indebtedness for the purposes of GAAP, (d) all Capital Lease Obligations, (e) all Guarantee Obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness of another Person (excluding in any calculation of consolidated Indebtedness of the Consolidated Group Guarantee Obligations of one member of the Consolidated Group in respect of primary obligations of any other member of the Consolidated Group), (f) the face amount of all letters of credit issued for the account of such Person and, without duplication, all unreimbursed amounts drawn thereunder, but excluding the underlying obligation for which the letter of credit is being provided, if duplicative; and (g) all currently payable obligations of such Person with respect to any Swap Contracts. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor (excluding customary limited exceptions for certain acts or types of liability such as environmental liability, fraud and other customary non-recourse carve-outs). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include (a) any liability under an Exchange Property Master Lease (including any guaranty thereof by the Trust or the Company) that would otherwise constitute indebtedness for the purposes of GAAP, or (b) any Indebtedness associated with or attributed to an Exchange Property, other than the Consolidated Group s pro rata share (corresponding to the pro rata share of the Exchange Beneficial Interests in the Exchange Property Owner or the tenant in common interests that are owned by the Consolidated Group) of such Indebtedness. Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Term SOFR Loan and any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made; provided, however , that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan exceeds three 
 - 25 - 

(3) months, the respective dates that fall every three (3) months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; (b) as to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each month and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made, (c) as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made, and (d) as to any Daily SOFR Loan, the last Business Day of each month and the Maturity Date with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility. Interest Period means, as to each Term SOFR Loan and each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable, and ending on the date one (1), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability for the interest rate applicable to the relevant currency), as selected by the Company in its Committed Loan Notice; provided that : (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; (b) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made. Intermediate Subsidiary Owner Guarantor has the meaning specified in Section 6.12 . Investment means, as to any Person, without duplication, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Investment Grade Rating means a credit rating of BBB-/Baa3 (or the equivalent) or higher from Fitch, Moody s or S P. Investor Guarantor means any shareholders, members, partners or Affiliates of the Company or the Trust that are a party to the Investor Guaranty. Investor Guaranty means a guaranty which may be executed and delivered by one or more Investor Guarantors in accordance with Section 6.14 , in a form approved by Administrative 
 - 26 - 

Agent, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. IP Rights has the meaning specified in Section 5.17 . IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. ISP means the International Standby Practices-International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time). Issuer Documents means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by any L/C Issuer and any Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of such L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. Judgment Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.24 . Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. L/C Advance means, with respect to each Dollar Tranche Lender, such Dollar Tranche Lender s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage. All L/C Advances shall be denominated in Dollars. L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Revolving Credit Borrowing. All L/C Borrowings shall be denominated in Dollars. L/C Commitment means, with respect to each L/C Issuer, the commitment of such L/C Issuer to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each L/C Issuer s L/C Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01B , or if an L/C Issuer has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed an L/C Commitment after the Closing Date, the amount set forth for such L/C Issuer as its L/C Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The L/C Commitment of an L/C Issuer may be modified from time to time by agreement between such L/C Issuer and the Company, and notified to the Administrative Agent. L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. L/C Disbursement means a payment made by an L/C Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit. L/C Issuer means each of Bank of America through itself or through any of its designated branch offices or, solely in connection with a Letter of Credit issued in an Alternative Currency or a Letter of Credit issued to a Foreign Obligor, any of its designated Affiliates , Wells Fargo Bank, National 
 - 27 - 

Association, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Capital One, National Association, in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and such other Lender (if any) as the Company may select as an L/C Issuer hereunder pursuant to Section 2.03 ; provided that such Lender has agreed to be an L/C Issuer. Any L/C Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such L/C Issuer, in which case the term L/C Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the L/C Issuer in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant L/C Issuer with respect thereto. L/C Obligations means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, including any automatic or scheduled increases provided for by the terms of such Letters of Credit, determined without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could be met at that time, plus (b) the aggregate amount of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. The L/C Obligations of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the total L/C Obligations at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the UCP or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the ISP or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrowers and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the L/C Issuers and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Lender Parties and Lender Recipient Parties mean, collectively, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers. Lender Reply Period has the meaning specified in Section 9.10 . Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Company and the Administrative Agent , which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder providing for the payment of cash upon the honoring of a presentation thereunder and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. Letters of Credit may be issued in Dollars or in an Alternative Currency. Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the applicable L/C Issuer. Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h) . Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of the aggregate amount of all Lenders Dollar Tranche Commitments and 50,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is 
 - 28 - 

part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility and the aggregate Dollar Tranche Commitments. Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, easement, right-of-way or other encumbrance on title to real property, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to a Borrower under Article II in the form of a Term A-1 Loan, a Term A-2 Loan or a Revolving Credit Loan. Loan Documents means this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, each Note, each Issuer Document, each Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 of this Agreement, the Fee Letter and the Guaranty, and any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof or to any other Loan Document. Loan Parties means, collectively, the Company, each Designated Borrower and each Guarantor. Master Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Swap Contract in this Section 1.01 . Master Lease Obligations means, as of any date of determination, with respect to each Exchange Property Master Lease or each Exchange Property that is the subject of such Exchange Property Master Lease (or, if relevant, the Exchange Beneficial Interests relating to such Exchange Property), as applicable, the greater of (x) the sum of all remaining obligations of the Consolidated Group, determined on a consolidated basis, to pay rent under such Exchange Property Master Lease, which such obligations shall be determined with respect to such Exchange Property Master Lease (a) commencing on the date of the first sale of an Exchange Beneficial Interest in the applicable Exchange Property Owner to an Exchange Property Investor and (b) ending on (i) if the expiration of the FMV Option with respect to the Exchange Property that is the subject of such Exchange Property Master Lease is not yet known, the date that is five years after the date of the commencement of such Exchange Property Master Lease with respect to such Exchange Property, or (ii) if the expiration of the FMV Option with respect to the Exchange Property that is the subject of such Exchange Property Master Lease is known, the date of the expiration of the applicable FMV Option with respect to such Exchange Property and (y) all remaining obligations of the Company or an Affiliate thereof on such date to make any cash payments contemplated by the last sentence of the definition of FMV Option, which such obligations shall be determined with respect to such Exchange Property (or, if relevant, the Exchange Beneficial Interests relating to such Exchange Property). For the avoidance of doubt, the greater of (x) and (y) above shall be determined individually for each Exchange Property Master Lease or Exchange Property (or, if relevant, the Exchange Beneficial Interests relating to such Exchange Property), as applicable, and Master Lease Obligations shall be the sum of such amounts for all Exchange Property Master Lease or Exchange Properties (or, if relevant, the Exchange Beneficial Interests relating to any such Exchange Property), as applicable, collectively. 
 - 29 - 

Material Acquisition mean the acquisition of assets with a total cost that is more than ten percent (10 of the Total Asset Value based on the most recent Compliance Certificate submitted prior to such acquisition. Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, property or financial condition of the Consolidated Group (collectively taken as a whole), (ii) the ability of the Company or the Trust to perform its material obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (iii) the ability of the Loan Parties collectively taken as a whole to perform their material obligations under the Loan Documents, or (iv) the validity or enforceability of any of the material provisions of Loan Documents or the material rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereunder. Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit) or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Contracts, of any one or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 25,000,000 for Recourse Indebtedness and 125,000,000 for all other Indebtedness. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Contracts at any time shall be the aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Contract were terminated at such time. Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company with assets having a fair market value of 1,000,000 or more. Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, November 22, 2025, subject to extension in accordance with Section 2.14 ; (b) with respect to the Term A-1 Facility, November 22, 2026; and (c) with respect to the Term A-2 Facility, January 22, 2027; provided, however , that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 10.09 . Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to 102 of the Fronting Exposure of all L/C Issuers with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time. Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. Mortgage Backed Securities means direct or indirect participations in, or direct or indirect participations or investments that are collateralized by and payable from, commercial or residential mortgage loans secured by real property, including, without limitation, mortgage loans utilizing a single asset, single borrower (SASB) structure, commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS) structure, residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS) structure, and real estate collateralized loan obligations (CLOs). Mortgage Backed Securities as used in this Agreement may or may not be issued or guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. Mortgagee has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Financeable Ground Lease in this Section 1.01 . 
 - 30 - 

Multicurrency Tranche Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to make Multicurrency Tranche Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(c)(ii) , in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar Equivalent of the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01A under the caption Multicurrency Tranche Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. Multicurrency Tranche Lender means a Lender with a Multicurrency Tranche Commitment or an outstanding Multicurrency Tranche Loan. Multicurrency Tranche Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(c)(ii) . Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. Multiple Employer Plan means a Pension Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Company or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. Net Operating Income means, with respect to any Property for any period, (i) revenues therefrom (including, without limitation, expense reimbursement, loss of rent income and lease termination fees appropriately amortized to the extent there is no new tenant in the space for which the lease termination fee was paid) calculated, in each case, in accordance with GAAP but excluding the effects of FASB ASC 805, less (ii) the costs of operating and maintaining such Property, including, without limitation, real estate taxes, insurance, repairs, maintenance, actual property management fees paid to third parties or charged internally at a market rate and bad debt expense but excluding depreciation, amortization, interest expense, tenant improvements, leasing commissions, and capital expenditures, calculated, in each case, in accordance with GAAP. For such Properties owned for less than one full quarter, the Net Operating Income for such full quarter shall be determined on a proforma basis based on performance during such partial quarter, grossed up for the full calculation period, which performance information may be derived from information provided by the prior owner of such Property for that portion of such partial quarter prior to the acquisition of such Property, or if such information is not reasonably available, based on in place Net Operating Income. New Lender Joinder Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(c) . Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. Non-Extension Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b) . 
 - 31 - 

Non-SOFR Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . Non-US Jurisdictions means each of Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, France, Switzerland, Spain, Portugal, and Italy. Note means a Term A-1 Note, a Term A-2 Note or a Revolving Credit Note, as the context requires. Notice of Additional L/C Issuer means a certificate substantially the form of Exhibit K or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, charges, expenses, fees, indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of the Loan Parties to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing in clause (a) above that the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in each case in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Loan Parties. OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the charter or certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating or limited liability agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction). Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 - 32 - 

Other Debt Investments means investments in debt instruments or preferred equity investments (other than First Mortgage Investments, Exchange Debt Investments, Public REIT Securities and Mortgage Backed Securities), including but not limited to mezzanine loans, second lien loans, preferred equity investments and B notes. Other Investment Repurchase Transaction means, with respect to any Person, a transaction pursuant to which such Person sells an Other Investment to another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to repurchase such Other Investment. Other Investments means (i) Public REIT Securities, (ii) Mortgage Backed Securities and (iii) Other Debt Investments. Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans and Revolving Credit Loans (or any Type or Tranche thereof) on any date, the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans, and Revolving Credit Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrowers of Unreimbursed Amounts. Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuers, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issues, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. PATRIOT Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.18 . PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 - 33 - 

Pension Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum funding standards with respect to Pension Plans and set forth in Sections 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan and other than a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by the Company and/or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. Performance Fee means the Performance Component of the Advisory Fee (as both terms are defined in the Advisory Agreement on the Closing Date or as amended in accordance with Section 7.11 ). Permitted Encumbrances means: (a) Liens imposed by Law for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.03 ; (b) landlords , operators , carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 60 days, are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings or for which a bond in the full amount thereof has been posted; (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations; (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; (e) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) ; (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any material monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Company or any Subsidiary; (g) Liens in existence on the date hereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of such Liens, as long as such extension, renewal and replacement Liens do not spread to any property other than property encumbered by such Liens on the date hereof; (h) Liens on Properties first acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary after the date hereof and which are in place at the time such Properties are so acquired; (i) Liens and rights of setoff of banks and securities intermediaries in respect of deposit accounts and securities accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business and Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-210 of the UCC; 
 - 34 - 

(j) assignments of past due receivables for collection purposes only; (k) leases or subleases granted in the ordinary course of business; (l) additional Liens on property or assets securing additional obligations not to exceed, in the aggregate, 3,000,000 at any time outstanding; (m) Liens arising in connection with any Indebtedness permitted hereunder; (n) Liens of any Subsidiary in favor of the Company or any of the other Loan Parties; and (o) any netting or set-off right under any Swap Contract. Permitted Equity Encumbrances means: (a) Liens imposed by Law for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.03 ; and (b) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) . Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction means any transaction or series of related transactions relating to an issuance of all Indebtedness and other obligations (collectively, Tax Incentive Indebtedness arising in connection with the issuance of bonds, notes or other obligations by a Governmental Authority located in the United States (each, a Tax Incentive Issuer to mitigate real estate and/or ad valorem Taxes otherwise payable in connection with the ownership of any Property (each, a Tax Incentive Property ), the fee title to which is owned (or leased) by a Tax Incentive Issuer, and subsequently leased (or subleased) by the Subsidiary from the Tax Incentive Issuer, such transaction or series of transactions being governed by, among other documents, any indenture or other agreement governing or evidencing the Tax Incentive Indebtedness, entered into by and between a Tax Incentive Issuer and the trustee of the bonds in connection with the issuance of such Tax Incentive Indebtedness, if applicable (each, an Tax Incentive Indenture ), any lease agreement entered into by and between a Subsidiary and an Tax Incentive Issuer (or any affiliate thereof) in connection with the issuance by such Tax Incentive Issuer of Tax Incentive Indebtedness (each, a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement ), any guaranty or similar agreement entered into by any Subsidiary to guaranty, for the benefit of the bondholder (which, pursuant to (iii) below, shall be the applicable Subsidiary, or an affiliate thereof), certain payments due in connection with the issuance of Tax Incentive Indebtedness, including, without limitation, the payment of principal and interest due under the bonds, notes, or other obligations evidencing the Tax Incentive Indebtedness, and Tax Incentive Issuer or trustees fees and expenses, if any, due under the trust indenture (each, an Tax Incentive Guaranty ), PILOT agreements, tax incentive agreements, and any other certificate, agreement, document or instrument, in each case, executed and delivered by any Subsidiary, Tax Incentive Issuer, or the trustee of any bonds in connection with such issuance of Tax Incentive Indebtedness and related tax incentives (collectively, Tax Incentive Documents which satisfy the following criteria: (i) any net cash proceeds of the Tax Incentive Indebtedness under such Tax Incentive Documents are used for the purpose of acquiring, constructing, developing, expanding, installing and/or upgrading an Tax Incentive Property, (ii) such Tax Incentive Indebtedness is non-recourse to the Loan Parties (other 
 - 35 - 

than as expressly provided in the applicable Tax Incentive Guaranty, if any), and any successors and/or assigns of such Loan Parties in the event of a transfer or assignment of the applicable Tax Incentive Lease Agreement and all of the rights and obligations of such Subsidiary under each other Tax Incentive Document (including any Tax Incentive Guaranty) to an assignee who is a Person that is not a Subsidiary, (iii) the applicable Subsidiary (or any affiliate thereof) is the purchaser of the taxable bonds, or holder of the applicable notes or other obligations issued or to be issued in connection with such Tax Incentive Indebtedness (and, so long as such Tax Incentive Property is an Unencumbered Property, at all times such Subsidiary (or any affiliate thereof) shall remain the owner or holder thereof), (iv) the base payments due under the Tax Incentive Lease Agreement are equivalent to the debt service due under any bonds, notes or other obligations evidencing the Tax Incentive Indebtedness (other than the payment of a nominal sum as additional annual base rent during the term of the Tax Incentive Lease Agreement), (v) the applicable Tax Incentive Lease Agreement or another Tax Incentive Document grants to the applicable Subsidiary the option to re-acquire title to all or any portion of such Tax Incentive Property for a nominal sum at any time without further consent of the Tax Incentive Issuer or any other party other than the Subsidiary (of affiliate thereof) in its capacity as the bondholder or holder of the note or other obligation, either directly or through the trustee of the applicable bonds evidencing the Tax Incentive Indebtedness, (vi) no Tax Incentive Document entered into in connection with such Tax Incentive Indebtedness shall limit in any material respect the use by any Subsidiary of its property or assets (including the applicable Tax Incentive Property), except as may be required by applicable law to maintain the designation of the Tax Incentive Property as a project pursuant to the applicable legislation governing such tax incentive structures, (vii) no Tax Incentive Document entered into in connection with such Tax Incentive Indebtedness shall limit the ability of the Subsidiary to finance its interest in the Tax Incentive Property, including mortgaging the leasehold estate created under the Tax Incentive Lease Agreement, (viii) no Tax Incentive Document entered into in connection with such Tax Incentive Indebtedness shall limit the ability of the Subsidiary to transfer its interest in the Tax Incentive Property, except for any requirement for a consent from the Tax Incentive Issuer that is considered administrative and which can reasonably expected to be obtained in the ordinary course of business, and (ix) no Tax Incentive Document shall contain a clawback provision pursuant to which there could be an obligation by the Company or the applicable Subsidiary to repay a material portion of prior tax benefits received other than due to material breach by the Company or the applicable Subsidiary. Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. Platform has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c) . Property means any real estate (including any leasehold estate created pursuant to a Financeable Ground Lease or a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement) or infrastructure asset owned by the Company, any of the Guarantors, any Subsidiary, any Unconsolidated Affiliate, any Exchange Fee Titleholder, any Exchange Property Owner or any other member of the Consolidated Group, and operated or intended to be operated as an investment property. Property Investment Value means, at any time with respect to any Property, the undepreciated book value of such interest determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 - 36 - 

Property Value means, as of any date of determination, with respect to any Property owned, or ground leased pursuant to a Financeable Ground Lease or leased pursuant to a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement, in each case directly or indirectly by the Company, any of the Guarantors, any Subsidiary, any Unconsolidated Affiliate, any Exchange Fee Titleholder, any Exchange Property Owner or any other member of the Consolidated Group and subject to any limitations contained herein on the value of such Property that may be included in determinations of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value or Total Asset Value, as applicable, the most recent estimated as is fair market value for such Property as determined by Altus Group or other third party valuation firm engaged by the Company or applicable member of the Consolidated Group, but only if, as of such date of determination, either (x) the Property was acquired, or (y) a full appraisal report has been performed by Altus Group or such other third party valuation firm, in either such case of (x) or (y), during the calendar year in which such date of determination occurs or during the immediately preceding calendar year (such full appraisal report, or cost basis solely if such full appraisal report has not yet been performed, a Current Appraisal . For the avoidance of doubt, the estimated as is fair market value of any Property may be updated periodically in between the as of dates of any Current Appraisal provided by Altus Group or such other third party valuation firm to reflect changes in market conditions and/or leasing activity since the date of the last Current Appraisal with respect to such Property; provided , however , that if, as of any date of determination, the Company does not have a full appraisal report constituting a Current Appraisal with respect to a certain Property and such Property was acquired prior to the beginning of the calendar year that ended immediately prior to the calendar year in which such date of determination occurs, then the Property Value of such Property as of such date of determination will be (i) during the period beginning on January 1 of the calendar year in which such date of determination occurs and ending on March 31 of such calendar year, 90 of the as is fair market value of such Property as set forth in the full appraisal report that most recently constituted a Current Appraisal with respect to such Property (or, if as of such date of determination no such full appraisal report has been performed with respect to such Property, 75 of the cost basis for such Property), unless and until a new full appraisal report constituting a Current Appraisal is obtained, (ii) during the period beginning on April 1 of the calendar year in which such date of determination occurs and ending on June 30 of such calendar year, 75 of the as is fair market value of such Property as set forth in the full appraisal report that most recently constituted a Current Appraisal with respect to such Property (or, if as of such date of determination no such full appraisal report has been performed with respect to such Property, 50 of the cost basis for such Property), unless and until a new full appraisal report constituting a Current Appraisal with respect to such Property is obtained and (iii) during the period beginning on July 1 of the calendar year in which such date of determination occurs and ending on the date that a new full appraisal report constituting a Current Appraisal with respect to such Property is obtained, 60 of the as is fair market value of such Property as set forth in the full appraisal report that most recently constituted a Current Appraisal with respect to such Property (or, if as of such date of determination no full such full appraisal report has been performed with respect to such Property, 0 of the cost basis for such Property). A Property contributed to a joint venture by the Company or any Subsidiary shall be deemed to have been owned by such joint venture from the date of such contribution. A Property acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary from a joint venture that is an Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary shall be deemed to have been owned from the date acquired from such joint venture. PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 - 37 - 

Public REIT Securities means common stock, preferred shares or debt securities issued by a publicly traded real estate investment trust. Rate Determination Date means, with respect to any Interest Period, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided that, to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Rate Determination Date means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder. Recourse Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Company or any other member of the Consolidated Group with respect to which the liability of the obligor is not limited to the obligor s interest in specified assets securing such Indebtedness, subject to customary limited exceptions for certain acts or types of liability. Recurring Interest Expense means, for any period without duplication, the sum of (a) the amount of interest net of payments or receipts under Swap Contracts (without duplication, whether accrued, paid or capitalized) on Total Indebtedness actually payable by members of the Consolidated Group during such period, plus (b) the applicable Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of any interest (without duplication, whether accrued, paid or capitalized) on Indebtedness actually payable by Unconsolidated Affiliates during such period, whether recourse or non-recourse, but excluding, without duplication, amortized financing related expenses and upfront premiums paid in connection with Swap Contracts. Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . Regulation D means Regulation D, promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors, consultants, service providers and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. Relevant Rate means with respect to any Credit Extension denominated in (a) Dollars, SOFR and Term SOFR, (b) Sterling, SONIA, (c) Euros, EURIBOR, and (d) Canadian Dollars, the Term CORRA Rate, as applicable. Removal Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(b) . Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
 - 38 - 

Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, and (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application. Required Lenders means, at any time, at least two Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition). The Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time; provided that the amount of any participation in any Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the applicable L/C Issuer in making such determination. Required Revolving Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Credit Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of (a) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Credit Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations being deemed held by such Revolving Credit Lender for purposes of this definition) and (b) the aggregate unused Revolving Credit Facility; provided that the unused Revolving Credit Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings of, any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Revolving Lenders at any time; provided further that, the amount of any participation in any Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the L/C Issuer in making such determination. Required Term A-1 Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Term A-1 Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of the Term A-1 Facility on such date; provided that the portion of the Term A-1 Facility held by any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Term A-1 Lenders at any time. Required Term A-2 Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Term A-2 Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of the Term A-2 Facility on such date; provided that the portion of the Term A-2 Facility held by any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Term A-2 Lenders at any time. Required Tranche Lenders means, as of any date of determination, (a) with respect to matters relating to Multicurrency Revolving Commitments and Multicurrency Revolving Tranche Loans only, Revolving Credit Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Multicurrency Tranche Loans and (ii) the aggregate unused Multicurrency Tranche Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders and (b) with respect to matters relating to Dollar Tranche Commitments (including the purchase of participations in L/C Obligations) and Dollar Tranche Loans only, Revolving Credit Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Dollar Tranche Loans (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Credit Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations being deemed held by such Revolving Credit Lender for purposes of this definition) and (ii) the aggregate unused Dollar Tranche Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders; provided that the unused Multicurrency Tranche Commitment or Dollar Tranche Commitment, as applicable, of, and the Multicurrency Tranche Loans and Dollar Tranche Loans, as applicable, of, 
 - 39 - 

any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Tranche Lenders at any time; provided further that, the amount of any participation in any Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the L/C Issuer in making such determination . Rescindable Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(b)(ii) . Resignation Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(a) . Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer means the Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer or Senior Vice President, Debt Capital Markets of the Trust, or such other Persons proposed by the Trust and reasonably approved by Administrative Agent in writing , and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01 , the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement from the applicable Loan Party for the benefit of the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be deemed to be acting solely in such person s representative capacity and not in his or her individual capacity. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Responsible Officer shall refer to a Responsible Officer of the Company. Restricted Payment means any cash dividend, cash distribution or other cash payment with respect to any equity interests in the Company or any Subsidiary, excluding (i) any dividend, distribution or other payment by a member of the Consolidated Group to another member of the Consolidated Group (including in connection with the issuance of equity interests), (ii) any redemption of equity interests by a member of the Consolidated Group (including pursuant to a share buyback program); (iii) any distribution or other payment by an Unconsolidated Affiliate to a member of the Consolidated Group (including promote payments in connection with development joint ventures and regular distributions of cash flow from Unconsolidated Affiliates); and (iv) any distribution or other payment by any Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate which is a partnership, limited liability company or joint venture or mezzanine lender and operated in the ordinary course of business. Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the following: (i) each date of a Borrowing of an Alternative Currency Loan, (ii) with respect to an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, each Interest Payment Date, (iii) each date of a continuation of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.02 , and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require, in each case under this clause (iv) in its or their reasonable discretion; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance, amendment and/or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of any payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under any Letter 
 - 40 - 

of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, and (iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. Revolving Credit Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type, in the same currency and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Dollar Tranche Lenders or each of the Multicurrency Tranche Lenders, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 2.01(c) . Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(c) , and (b) in the case of a Dollar Tranche Lender, purchase participations in L/C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar Equivalent of the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01A under the caption Revolving Credit Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of such Lender s outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and such Lender s participation in L/C Obligations at such time. Revolving Credit Facility means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments (inclusive of the Dollar Tranche Commitments and the Multicurrency Tranche Commitments) at such time. On the First Amendment Effective Date the Revolving Credit Facility is 900,000,000. Revolving Credit Lender means (a) at any time prior to the last day of the Availability Period in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, any Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment at such time and (b) at any time thereafter, any Lender that holds Revolving Credit Loans at such time. Revolving Credit Loan means a Dollar Tranche Loan or a Multicurrency Revolving Tranche Loan. Revolving Credit Note means a promissory note made by the Borrowers in favor of a Revolving Credit Lender evidencing Revolving Credit Loans made by such Revolving Credit Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-3 . Revolving Credit Unused Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a) . S P means S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global, and any successor to its rating agency business. Sale-Leaseback Master Lease means a master lease entered into by a buyer of a Property, as lessor, and the seller of such Property, as lessee, in connection with a transaction whereby such seller leases all or a portion of such Property after closing. 
 - 41 - 

Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuers, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency. Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury or any other relevant sanctions authority. Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. SOFR means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the fifth U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding such date by the SOFR Administrator on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source); provided , however , that if such determination date is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then SOFR means such rate that applied on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto. SOFR Adjustment (a) with respect to each Daily SOFR Loan, means 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) ; and (b) with respect to Term SOFR Loans, means 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) per annum for an Interest Period of one-month s duration, 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) per annum for an Interest Period of three-months duration, and 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) per annum for an Interest Period of six-months duration . SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of SOFR, or any successor administrator of SOFR designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other Person acting as the SOFR Administrator at such time that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. SOFR Loan means a Term SOFR Loan or a Daily SOFR Loan, as applicable. SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . SOFR Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary 
 - 42 - 

course of business. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. SONIA means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion); provided however that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto. SONIA Adjustment means, with respect to SONIA, 0.0326 per annum. Special Notice Currency means at any time an Alternative Currency, other than the currency of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development at such time located in North America or Europe. Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company. Subsidiary Guarantor means (a) each Subsidiary Owner that is a Domestic Subsidiary, (b) each Domestic Subsidiary that is master leasing an Unencumbered Property from an Exchange Fee Titleholder, (c) each Intermediate Subsidiary Owner Guarantor, (d) each Exchange Depositor, and (e) any other Subsidiary that elects to become a party to the Subsidiary Guaranty. Subsidiary Guaranty means the guaranty to be executed and delivered by the Subsidiary Guarantors, substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 , as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Subsidiary Owner means the Subsidiary that is the owner of the applicable Unencumbered Property (including the lessee of the applicable Unencumbered Property pursuant to a Financeable Ground Lease, as applicable), and any Exchange Depositor under a Delaware statutory trust that owns any applicable Unencumbered Property and is part of the Exchange Program or, after the FMV Option has been exercised, an Affiliate of the Company that is also the owner of 100 of the Exchange Beneficial Interests. Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c) . Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, 
 - 43 - 

collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. SWIFT has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(f) . TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term A-1 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term A-1 Loans of the same Type, in the same currency and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term A-1 Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(a) . Term A-1 Commitment means, as to each Term A-1 Lender, its obligation to make Term A-1 Loans to the Company pursuant to Section 2.01(a) in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Term A-1 Lender s name on Schedule 2.01A under the caption Term A-1 Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Term A-1 Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. Term A-1 Facility means (a) at any time on or prior to the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of the unfunded Term A-1 Commitments at such time and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Term A-1 Loans of all Term A-1 Lenders outstanding at such time and (b) thereafter, the aggregate principal amount of the Term A-1 Loans of all Term A-1 Lenders outstanding at such time. On the Closing Date the Term A-1 Facility is 400,000,000, and, on any Term A-1 Funding Date on which a Term A-1 Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency is made, will be adjusted as described in Section 2.01(a) . Term A-1 Lender means (a) at any time prior to the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, any Lender that has a Term A-1 Commitment or holds Term A-1 Loans at such time and (b) at any time thereafter, any Lender that holds Term A-1 Loans at such time. 
 - 44 - 

Term A-1 Loan means an advance made by any Term A-1 Lender under the Term A-1 Commitments. Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline means the earliest of (i) the first anniversary of the Closing Date, (ii) the date of the fourth Term A-1 Funding Date (if any) occurring after the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Term A-1 Borrowing made on such date), (iii) the Term A-1 Funding Date on which a Term A-1 Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans (if any) is made (after giving effect thereto); and (iii) the date of termination of the commitment of each Term A-1 Lender to make Term A-1 Loans pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 8.02 . Term A-1 Loan Unused Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(c) . Term A-1 Note means a promissory note made by the Company in favor of a Term A-1 Lender evidencing Term A-1 Loans made by such Term A-1 Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 . Term A-2 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term A-2 Loans of the same Type, in the same currency and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term A-2 Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(a) . Term A-2 Commitment means, as to each Term A-2 Lender, its obligation to make Term A-2 Loans to the Company pursuant to Section 2.01(a) in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Term A-2 Lender s name on Schedule 2.01A under the caption Term A-2 Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Term A-2 Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. Term A-2 Facility means (a) at any time on or prior to the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of the unfunded Term A-2 Commitments at such time and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Term A-2 Loans of all Term A-2 Lenders outstanding at such time and (b) thereafter, the aggregate principal amount of the Term A-2 Loans of all Term A-2 Lenders outstanding at such time. On the Closing Date the Term A-2 Facility is 400,000,000, and on any Term A-2 Funding Date on which a Term A-2 Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans (if any) is made, will be adjusted as described in Section 2.01(b) . Term A-2 Lender means (a) at any time prior to the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline, any Lender that has a Term A-2 Commitment or holds Term A-2 Loans at such time and (b) at any time thereafter, any Lender that holds Term A-2 Loans at such time. Term A-2 Loan means an advance made by any Term A-2 Lender under the Term A-2 Commitments. Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline means the earliest of (i) the first anniversary of the Closing Date, (ii) the date of the fourth Term A-2 Funding Date (if any) occurring after the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Term A-2 Borrowing made on such date), (iii) the Term A-2 Funding Date on which a Term A-2 Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency (if any) 
 - 45 - 

is made (after giving effect thereto); and (iii) the date of termination of the commitment of each Term A-2 Lender to make Term A-2 Loans pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 8.02 . Term A-2 Loan Unused Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(d) . Term A-2 Note means a promissory note made by the Company in favor of a Term A-2 Lender evidencing Term A-2 Loans made by such Term A-2 Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 . Term CORRA Adjustment means (i) 0.29547 (29.547 basis points) for an Interest Period of one-month s duration and 0.32138 (32.138 basis points) for an Interest Period of three-months duration. Term CORRA Rate has the meaning specified in in the definition of Alternative Currency Term Rate . Term Facility means the Term A-1 Facility and/or the Term A-2 Facility, as the context may require, and Term Facilities means a collective reference to the Term A-1 Facility and the Term A-2 Facility. Term SOFR means (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period (provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto), in each case plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and (b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day; provided that if Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of the Loan Documents. Term SOFR Loan mean a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. All Term SOFR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). Total Asset Value means, as of the date of calculation, the aggregate, without duplication, of: (i) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Property Value of all Properties (other than land assets and Assets Under Development) owned by any member of the Consolidated Group, any Exchange Property Owner or any Exchange Fee Titleholders; plus (ii) the Consolidated Group s Pro Rata Share of the Property Value of all Properties (other than land 
 - 46 - 

assets and Assets Under Development) owned by Unconsolidated Affiliates, or any non-wholly owned Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (iii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Property Investment Value of each land asset and Asset Under Development owned by any member of the Consolidated Group, any Exchange Property Owner or any Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (iv) an amount equal to the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of the Property Investment Value of each land asset and Asset Under Development owned by an Unconsolidated Affiliate, or any non-wholly owned Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (v) unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents owned directly or indirectly by any member of the Consolidated Group, any Exchange Property Owner or any Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (vi) the applicable Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents owned directly or indirectly by any Exchange Fee Titleholder or by any Borrower or any Guarantor through an Unconsolidated Affiliate; plus (vii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of any investments by any Borrower, Guarantor or other member of the Consolidated Group in First Mortgage Investments (based on current book value), Other Debt Investments (based on current book value), and Exchange Debt Investments (based on current book value), provided that no Exchange Debt Investment shall be included under this clause if it relates to an Exchange Property already included in the calculation of Total Asset Value; plus (viii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of any investments by any Borrower, Guarantor or other member of the Consolidated Group in Public REIT Securities and Mortgage Backed Securities (in each case based on current market value); plus (ix) an amount equal to the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of investments in First Mortgage Investments, Exchange Debt Investments and Other Investments owned by an Unconsolidated Affiliate or any Exchange Fee Titleholder (based on the appropriate values set forth in (vii) and (viii) above) provided that no Exchange Debt Investment shall be included under this clause if it relates to an Exchange Property already included in the calculation of Total Asset Value; plus (x) proceeds due from transfer agents; plus (xi) the amount of all Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds. If the FMV Option for any Exchange Property owned by an Exchange Property Owner has expired, then for purposes of calculating Total Asset Value for such Exchange Property, only the pro rata share of the Property Value for such Exchange Property (corresponding to the pro rata share of the Exchange Beneficial Interests in such Exchange Property Owner or the tenant in common interests that are still owned by the Consolidated Group) shall be counted. Total Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Total Outstandings of such Lender at such time. Total Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, the sum of: (a) all Indebtedness of the Consolidated Group outstanding at such date, determined on a consolidated basis; plus (b) the greater of (i) the applicable Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of all Indebtedness of each Unconsolidated Affiliate (other than Indebtedness of such Unconsolidated Affiliate to a member of the Consolidated Group) and (ii) the amount of Indebtedness of such Unconsolidated Affiliate which is also Recourse Indebtedness of a member of the Consolidated Group. Total Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations. Total Revolving Credit Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and all L/C Obligations. 
 - 47 - 

Total Secured Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, that portion of Total Indebtedness (excluding (i) the Obligations under the Loan Documents, (ii) obligations under Swap Contracts, (iii) completion and similar guarantees with respect to a construction loan facility (except to the extent that any member of the Consolidated Group has a secured recourse obligation with respect to such construction loan facility), (iv) obligations associated with a separate and distinct credit facility used to finance Exchange Debt Investments secured by equity interests in an Exchange Property Owner and (v) indemnity obligations relating to performance or surety bonds in the ordinary course of business) which is secured by a Lien on a Property, any ownership interests in any Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate or any other assets which had, in each case, in the aggregate, a value in excess of the amount of the applicable Indebtedness (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness that constitutes repurchase obligations or liabilities arising pursuant to an Other Investment Repurchase Transaction) at the time such Indebtedness was incurred. Any such Indebtedness that is secured only with a pledge of ownership interests and is also recourse to a Borrower or any Guarantor shall not be treated as Secured Indebtedness. Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value means, as of any date of calculation, the aggregate, without duplication, of: (a) the Property Values of all Unencumbered Properties (other than any that are Assets Under Development); provided that for purposes of calculating the Property Value for (i) any Exchange Property that constitutes an Unencumbered Property, only the pro rata share of the Property Value for such Exchange Property (corresponding to the pro rata share of the Exchange Beneficial Interests in the Exchange Property Owner or the tenant in common interests that are still owned by the Consolidated Group) shall be counted and (ii) any Unencumbered Property that is owned by a Subsidiary that is not wholly owned directly or indirectly by the Company, only the pro rata share of Property Value for such Unencumbered Property (corresponding to the pro rata share of such Subsidiary that is owned by the Company) shall be counted; plus (b) any unrestricted cash; plus (c) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Property Investment Value of each Unencumbered Property that is an Asset Under Development; plus (d) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the then current book value of each First Mortgage Investment, provided that such First Mortgage Investment is not subject to any Liens or encumbrances and so long as the mortgagor with respect to such First Mortgage Investment is not delinquent thirty (30) days or more in any payment of interest or principal payments thereunder; plus (e) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Company s or any Guarantor s investment (based on then current book value) of each Other Debt Investment, provided that such Other Debt Investment is not subject to any Liens or encumbrances and so long as the borrower with respect to such Other Debt Investment is not delinquent thirty (30) days or more in any payment of interest or principal payments thereunder; plus (f) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the then current book value of each Exchange Debt Investment, provided that such Exchange Debt Investment is not subject to any Liens or encumbrances and so long as the Exchange Property Investor with respect to such Exchange Debt Investment is not delinquent thirty (30) days or more in any payment of interest or principal payments thereunder; plus (g) the amount of all Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds resulting from the sale of Unencumbered Properties: provided that no more than thirty-five percent (35 of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value may be attributable in the aggregate to, (i) Assets Under Development, (ii) Properties that constitute Exchange Properties for more than six months, (iii) First Mortgage Investments and Other Debt Investments, (iv) Exchange Debt Investments, or (v) Unencumbered Properties (other than Exchange Properties) that are owned by Subsidiaries that are at least 90 but less than 100 owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company with any such 
 - 48 - 

Unencumbered Properties that are not 100 owned comprising no more than ten percent (10 of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value. Total Unsecured Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, that portion of Total Indebtedness which does not constitute Total Secured Indebtedness; provided that for purposes of calculating Total Unsecured Indebtedness, the amount of the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of all Indebtedness of each Unconsolidated Affiliate (other than Indebtedness of such Unconsolidated Affiliate owed to a member of the Consolidated Group) shall be excluded for all purposes of this definition. For the avoidance of doubt, the Obligations under the Loan Documents and currently payable obligations under Swap Contracts shall be included in Total Unsecured Indebtedness, and completion and similar Guarantees shall not be included in Total Unsecured Indebtedness. Tranche means a category of Revolving Credit Commitments and the related extensions of credit thereunder. For purposes hereof, each of the following comprises a separate Tranche: (a) Multicurrency Revolving Commitments and Multicurrency Revolving Tranche Loans, and (b) Dollar Tranche Commitments and Dollar Tranche Revolving Credit Loans. Trust means Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (f/k/a/ Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc.), the general partner of the Company. Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Daily SOFR Loan, a Term SOFR Loan, an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan. UCP means the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time). UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unconsolidated Affiliate means any Person in which the Consolidated Group, directly or indirectly, has any ownership interest of 1,000,000 or more (valued as of the most recent quarterly financial statement), whose financial results are not consolidated under GAAP with the financial results of the Consolidated Group. Unconsolidated Minority Interest Affiliate means any Unconsolidated Affiliate in which the members of the Consolidated Group, directly or indirectly, have ownership interests of 20 or less. 
 - 49 - 

Unencumbered Asset Pool Leverage Ratio means, for any period, Total Unsecured Indebtedness to Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value. Unencumbered Property means a Property (other than (a) an Exchange Property except as hereinafter provided and (b) infrastructure assets) that is designated by the Company as an Unencumbered Property and: (i) is completed or, subject to the limitation in the definition of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value, is an Asset Under Development; (ii) is located in a state within the United States (or the District of Columbia) or, subject to the limitation set forth in Section 7.09(g)(vii) , in a Non-US Jurisdiction, (iii) is 100 owned in fee simple (or is ground leased pursuant to a Financeable Ground Lease or a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement) by the Company, a wholly owned Subsidiary, an Exchange Fee Titleholder, or subject to the limitation set forth in the definition of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value, a Subsidiary that is at least 90 owned directly or indirectly by the Company provided no consent from a minority owner is required in order for the Company to cause a sale or refinancing of such Property, and so long as any such Subsidiary (whether or not wholly owned) is a Guarantor (to the extent required by Section 6.13 ); (iv) is not subject to any Liens or encumbrances other than clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (f), (j), (k) , and (n) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances or a Lien securing bonds, notes or other obligations issued pursuant to a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction; (v) is not subject to any agreement (including (a) any agreement governing Indebtedness incurred in order to finance or refinance the acquisition of such Property, and (b) if applicable, the organizational documents of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner) which prohibits or limits the ability of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner, as the case may be, to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any such Property or any Equity Interests of any applicable Subsidiary Owner, except for covenants that are not materially more restrictive than the covenants contained in this Agreement, in favor of holders of unsecured Indebtedness of the Company and such Subsidiary Owner not prohibited hereunder; (vi) is not subject to any agreement (including (a) any agreement governing Indebtedness incurred in order to finance or refinance the acquisition of such Property, and (b) if applicable, the organizational documents of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner) which entitles any Person to the benefit of any Lien on such Property or the Equity Interests in any applicable Subsidiary Owner or Exchange Fee Titleholder, or would entitle any Person to the benefit of any Lien on such Property (other than, in each case, the Lien securing repayment of bonds, notes or other obligations issued pursuant to, or fees and expenses of the Tax Incentive Issuer or trustee incurred in connection with, a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction) or such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of any contingency (including, without limitation, pursuant to an equal and ratable clause) other than any agreement entered into in connection with the financing of such Property and the pledge of such Property as security for any financing pending the closing of such financing, provided that such Property shall cease to be an Unencumbered Property upon the closing of such financing; (vii) is not subject to any agreement (including (a) any agreement governing Indebtedness incurred in order to finance or refinance the acquisition of such Property, and (b) if applicable, the organizational documents of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner) which prohibits or limits the ability of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner or Exchange Fee Titleholder, as the case may be, to make pro rata Restricted Payments to the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner of income arising out of such Property or prevents such Subsidiary Owner from transferring such Property (other than (x) any restriction with respect to a Property imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into for the sale or disposition of such Property pending the closing of such sale or disposition or in connection with a 1031 exchange or any restriction in connection with a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction that complies with the condition set forth in clause (viii) of the criteria for such transactions, and 
 - 50 - 

(y) any restriction with respect to a Subsidiary Owner that owns such Property imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the Equity Interests or assets of such Subsidiary Owner pending the closing of such sale or disposition); and (viii) is not the subject of any issues which would materially and adversely impact the operation of such Property. No Property owned by a Subsidiary Owner shall be deemed to be an Unencumbered Property unless (1) both such Property and all Equity Interests of such Subsidiary Owner held directly or indirectly by the Company are not subject to any Lien, except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, including without limitation, in connection with a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction, (2) each intervening entity between the entity immediately below AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC (f/k/a DCTRT Real Estate Holdco LLC) and such Subsidiary Owner is not a borrower or guarantor of, or otherwise obligated in respect of, any Indebtedness for borrowed money or, if such entity is a borrower or guarantor of, or otherwise is obligated in respect of, any Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is unsecured, and (3) neither such Subsidiary Owner nor any intervening entity between the entity immediately below AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC and such Subsidiary Owner is subject to insolvency proceedings, unable to pay debts or subject to any writ or warrant of attachment. A Property that is subject to an option to purchase shall not be disqualified by the requirement in clause (vii) from being an Unencumbered Property so long as the Property can be transferred subject to the rights of the optionee; provided that if the option to purchase is for a fixed price as distinguished from a market price, the Property Value for such Property shall be equal to the lesser of (x) the amount determined in accordance with the definition of Property Value, and (y) the option price for such Property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Exchange Properties that are part of the Exchange Program may be included as Unencumbered Properties during the period of time that the Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interests are being marketed if all of the requirements set forth in this definition for an Unencumbered Property are met other than (A) the ownership percentage requirement (including without limitation the requirement set forth in clause (iii) of this definition), (B) the requirement that they not be Exchange Properties, (C) any requirement that the owner of such Property become a Subsidiary Guarantor (so long as the applicable Exchange Depositor is a Subsidiary Guarantor), (D) any requirement that the Property not be subject to any agreement which prohibits or limits the ability of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner, as the case may be, to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon such Property; provided that (for the avoidance of doubt), with respect to Exchange Properties, the Equity Interests of any applicable Subsidiary Owner shall not be subject to any agreement that prohibits or limits the ability of the Company or such Subsidiary Owner, as the case may be, to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on such Equity Interests, or (E) any requirement set forth in clauses (1), (2) or (3) above, except that for purposes of calculating unencumbered pool financial covenants, only the pro rata share of value and income (corresponding to the pro rata share of the Exchange Beneficial Interests in the Exchange Property Owner or the tenant in common interests that are still owned by the Consolidated Group) shall be counted. Nothing herein shall prohibit an Unencumbered Property hereunder from constituting an unencumbered asset in connection with any other Indebtedness; provided that such Indebtedness is otherwise not prohibited pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Unencumbered Property NOI means, with respect to any Unencumbered Property for any period, the Net Operating Income for such Unencumbered Property for such period, less the applicable Capital Expenditure Reserve. For purposes of calculating Unencumbered Property NOI for any Exchange Property that constitutes an Unencumbered Property, only the pro rata share of Unencumbered Property NOI (corresponding to the pro rata share of the Exchange Beneficial Interests in the Exchange Property Owner or the tenant in common interests that are still owned 
 - 51 - 

by the Consolidated Group) shall be counted. For purposes of calculating Unencumbered Property NOI for any other Unencumbered Property that is owned by a Subsidiary that is not wholly owned directly or indirectly by the Company, only the pro rata share of Unencumbered Property NOI (corresponding to the pro rata share of such Subsidiary that is owned by the Company) shall be counted. United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(f) . Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents means, in the aggregate, all cash and Cash Equivalents which are not pledged for the benefit of any party (whether a creditor, seller or otherwise) having a claim (whether liquidated or not) against a member of the Consolidated Group, to be valued for purposes of this Agreement at 100 of its then-current book value, as determined under GAAP. Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio means (i) Unencumbered Property NOI for all Unencumbered Properties plus interest income from unencumbered First Mortgage Investments, unencumbered Other Debt Investments and unencumbered Exchange Debt Investments, divided by (ii) Unsecured Interest Expense, in each case for the most recent quarter annualized; provided that loan origination fees received in connection with First Mortgage Investments, Other Debt Investments and Exchange Debt Investments shall be treated as interest income amortized over the anticipated life of such Investment notwithstanding the use of the fair value method of accounting under GAAP. Unsecured Interest Expense means, for any period without duplication, the amount of interest net of payments or receipts under Swap Contracts (without duplication, whether accrued, paid or capitalized) on Total Unsecured Indebtedness, but excluding, without duplication, amortized financing related expenses and upfront premiums paid in connection with Swap Contracts. Unused Fee Rate means (i) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility (a) a percentage per annum equal to twenty basis points (0.20 if the weighted average Total Revolving Credit Outstandings during the applicable quarter based on the daily Revolving Credit Outstandings during such quarter are less than fifty percent (50 of the Revolving Credit Facility and (b) a percentage per annum equal to fifteen basis points (0.15 if the weighted average Total Revolving Credit Outstandings during the applicable quarter based on the daily Revolving Credit Outstandings during such quarter are equal to or greater than fifty percent (50.0 of the Revolving Credit Facility, and (ii) with respect to each Term Facility a percentage equal to twenty basis points (0.20 per annum. U.S. Borrower means any Borrower that is organized under the laws of any state within the United States or the District of Columbia. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 - 52 - 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a) (30) of the Code. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(g)(ii)(B)(III) . Withholding Agent means the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto , herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) unless the context otherwise requires, the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights, and (vii) the word owned when used with respect to a Property, shall include ownership of a leasehold estate pursuant to a Financeable Ground Lease. (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 - 53 - 

(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a Division as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any Division Successor shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each Division of any Person that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 1.03 Accounting Terms . (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Company or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Company shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the reasonable approval of the Required Lenders if such change would have a material effect on the computation of any financial ratio or requirement); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made immediately before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. (c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Trust, the Company and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Trust, the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Trust or the Company, as applicable, is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 1.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 - 54 - 

1.05 Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 1.07 Interest Rates . The Administrative Agent and Lenders do not warrant, or accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 1.08 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents . (a) The Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Credit Extensions and Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies on each Revaluation Date. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder (which shall be, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Company, based on currency conversions used for the Company s or the Trust s, as applicable, GAAP reporting) or except as otherwise provided in the Loan Documents, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable. 
 - 55 - 

(b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of an Alternative Currency Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. 1.09 Additional Alternative Currencies . (a) The Company may from time to time request that Multicurrency Tranche Loans be made and/or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency provided that such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Multicurrency Tranche Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and each Multicurrency Tranche Lender; and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer issuing such Letters of Credit. (b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., twenty (20) Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer, in its or their sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Multicurrency Tranche Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Multicurrency Tranche Lender thereof; and in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the L/C Issuers thereof. Each Multicurrency Tranche Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Multicurrency Tranche Loans) or the applicable L/C Issuer (in the case of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m., ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Multicurrency Tranche Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency. (c) Any failure by a Multicurrency Tranche Lender or an L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Multicurrency Tranche Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Multicurrency Tranche Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Multicurrency Tranche Lenders consent to making Multicurrency Tranche Loans in such requested currency and the Administrative Agent and such Multicurrency Tranche Lenders reasonably determine that an appropriate interest rate is available to be used for such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and (i) the Administrative Agent and the Multicurrency Tranche Lenders may amend the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, and the definition of Relevant Rate to the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and (ii) to the extent the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, and the definition of Relevant Rate has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate 
 - 56 - 

for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency for purposes of any Borrowings of Multicurrency Tranche Loans. If the Administrative Agent and any L/C Issuer(s) consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and (i) the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer(s) may amend the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, and the definition of Relevant Rate to the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and (ii) to the extent the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, and the definition of Relevant Rate has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency, for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances by such L/C Issuer(s). If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.09 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Company. 1.10 Change of Currency . (a) Each obligation of the Borrowers to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption. If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency; provided that, if any Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period. (b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro. (c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency. ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 2.01 The Loans . (a) The Term A-1 Borrowing . (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Term A-1 Lender severally agrees to make a Term A-1 Loan to the Company on the Closing Date in Dollars and up to four (4) additional Term A-1 Loans, in the aggregate, in Dollars to the Company (or any other U.S. Borrower as specified by the Company) or in an Alternative Currency to the Company (or any other Borrower as specified by the Company) from time to time on any Business Day thereafter (each such Business Day after the Closing Date, a Term 
 - 57 - 

A-1 Funding Date prior to the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed such Term A-1 Lender s Term A-1 Commitment. All unfunded Term A-1 Commitments shall expire on the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline. Each Term A-1 Borrowing on the Closing Date and on each Term A-1 Funding Date shall consist of Term A-1 Loans made simultaneously by the Term A-1 Lenders in the same currency in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentage of the Term A-1 Facility at such time. Amounts may only be drawn under this Section 2.01(a) on or before the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(a) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term A-1 Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans as further provided herein . For the avoidance of doubt, a conversion of a Term A-1 Loan from one Type to another or a continuation of a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan will not constitute an additional Term A-1 Loan for the purpose of the first sentence of this Section 2.01(a)(i) . A principal amount equal to 325,000,000 of the Existing Term Loans outstanding as of the Closing Date shall be deemed to have been funded pursuant hereto, and part of the Term A-1 Borrowing made on the Closing Date and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof. (ii) If a Term A-1 Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans is requested, then on such Term A-1 Funding Date each Term A-1 Lender s Term A-1 Commitment and the Term A-1 Facility shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent into tranches to reflect the Term A-1 Loans made by such Term A-1 Lender in each currency and the Administrative Agent shall restate Schedule 2.01A to reflect the Term A-1 Facility as so tranched (which restated schedule the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders and the Company). The Administrative Agent and the Company may, without the consent of any Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company, to reflect any tranching of the Term A-1 Facility as contemplated above. (b) The Term A-2 Borrowing . (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Term A-2 Lender severally agrees to make a Term A-2 Loan to the Company on the Closing Date in Dollars and up to four (4) additional Term A-2 Loans, in the aggregate, in Dollars to the Company (or any other U.S. Borrower as specified by the Company) or in an Alternative Currency to the Company (or any other Borrower as specified by the Company) from time to time on any Business Day thereafter (each such Business Day after the Closing Date, a Term A-2 Funding Date prior to the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed such Term A-2 Lender s Term A-2 Commitment. All unfunded Term A-2 Commitments shall expire on the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline. Each Term A-2 Borrowing on the Closing Date and on each Term A-2 Funding Date shall consist of Term A-2 Loans made simultaneously by the Term A-2 Lenders in the same currency in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentage of the Term A-2 Facility at such time. Amounts may only be drawn under this Section 2.01(b) on or before the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(b) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term A-2 Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, 
 - 58 - 

Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans as further provided herein . For the avoidance of doubt, a conversion of a Term A-2 Loan from one Type to another or a continuation of a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan will not constitute an additional Term A-2 Loan for the purpose of the first sentence of this Section 2.01(b)(i) . (ii) If a Term A-2 Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans is requested, then on such Term A-2 Funding Date each Term A-1 Lender s Term A-1 Commitment and the Term A-2 Facility shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent into tranches to reflect the Term A-2 Loans made by such Term A-2 Lender in each currency and the Administrative Agent shall restate Schedule 2.01A to reflect the Term A-2 Facility as so tranched (which restated schedule the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders and the Company). The Administrative Agent and the Company may, without the consent of any Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company, to reflect any tranching of the Term A-2 Facility as contemplated above. (c) The Revolving Credit Borrowings . (i) Dollar Tranche Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make revolving loans (each such loan, a Dollar Tranche Loan in Dollars to the Company (or any other U.S. Borrower as specified by the Company) from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Dollar Tranche Commitment; provided, however , that, after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Borrowing of Dollar Tranche Loans, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Dollar Tranche Loans, plus the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Dollar Tranche Commitments of all Lenders, (iii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, (iv) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of Dollar Tranche Loans of any Lender plus such Lender s participation in L/C Obligations at such time shall not exceed the such Lender s Dollar Tranche Commitment. (ii) Multicurrency Tranche Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make revolving loans (each such loan, a Multicurrency Tranche Loan in Dollars to the Company (or any other U.S. Borrower as specified by the Company) or in one or more Alternative Currencies to the Company (or any other Borrower as specified by the Company) from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Multicurrency Tranche Commitment; provided, however , that, after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Borrowing of Multicurrency Tranche Loans, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Multicurrency Tranche Loans shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Multicurrency Tranche Commitments of all Lenders, (iii) the Revolving 
 - 59 - 

Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and (iv) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations denominated in Alternative Currencies shall not exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit. (iii) General . Within the limits of each Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01(c) , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01(c) . Revolving Credit Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as further provided herein. All Existing Revolving Credit Loans shall be deemed to have been funded pursuant hereto, and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof. 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans . (a) Each Term A-1 Borrowing, each Term A-2 Borrowing, each Revolving Credit Borrowing, each conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to another, and each continuation of a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall be made upon the Company s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Committed Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice. Each such Committed Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or of any conversion of Term SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, (ii) three Business Days (or five Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans or any continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, and (iii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans and for any conversion of Base Rate Loans to Daily SOFR Loans or of Daily SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans other than Base Rate Loans and Daily SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 500,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 100,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(c) , each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 500,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 100,000 in excess thereof provided that the amount of a Base Rate Loan or a Daily SOFR Loan may be in an amount equal to the entire unpaid balance of the Commitments or the amount that is required to finance the reimbursement of an L/C Borrowing. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the applicable Borrower is requesting a Term A-1 Borrowing, a Term A-2 Borrowing, a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a conversion of Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to another, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the currency and principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans or Revolving Credit Loans are to be converted, (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto, (vi) if applicable, the Tranche with respect thereto, and (vi) if applicable, the Designated Borrower. If the Company fails to specify a currency in a Committed Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing, then 
 - 60 - 

the Loans so requested shall be made in Dollars. If the Company fails to specify a Tranche in a Committed Loan Notice requesting a Revolving Credit Borrowing, then the Loans so requested shall be made as Dollar Tranche Loans if the request specifies Dollars (or does not specify a currency) and as Multicurrency Tranche Loans if the request specifies an Alternative Currency or if no unused Dollar Tranche Commitment exists. If the Company fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Company fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans or Revolving Credit Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Term SOFR Loans having an Interest Period of one (1) month; provided , however , that (x) if any such Committed Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing specifies an Alternative Currency, such Loans shall be made as Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or as Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans having an Interest Period of one (1) month, as applicable, in the requested currency and (y) in the case of a failure to timely request a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, such Loans shall be continued as Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in their original currency with an Interest Period of one (1) month . Any such automatic conversion to Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month or continuation as Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable. If the Company requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one (1) month. Except as provided pursuant to Section 2.02(c) , 2.12(a) and 3.03 , no Loan may be converted into or continued as a Loan denominated in a different currency or in a different Tranche, but instead must be repaid in the original currency of such Loan and reborrowed in the other currency or reborrowed in a different Tranche. (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount and currency of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Company, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month or continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Term A-1 Borrowing, a Term A-2 Borrowing or a Revolving Credit Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office for the applicable currency not later than 2:00 p.m. in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, and not later than the Applicable Time in the case of Alternative Currency Loans, in each case, on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction in all material respects of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received promptly available to the applicable Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of such Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Company or such Borrower; provided, however , that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to a Revolving Credit Borrowing denominated in Dollars is given by the Company, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, first , shall be 
 - 61 - 

applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second , shall be made available to such Borrower as provided above. (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term SOFR Loan may be continued or converted, and an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan may be continued, only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Loan. During the existence of an Event of Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Term SOFR Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders and no Loans may be requested as Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans, or requested as or continued as Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, if the Administrative Agent has notified the Company that the Required Lenders have determined that such a request or continuation is not appropriate, and the Required Lenders may require that any or all of the affected outstanding Alternative Currency Loans be prepaid, or be converted into a Borrowing of Daily SOFR Loans in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Alternative Currency Loan immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan. (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate. (e) After giving effect to (i) all Term A-1 Borrowings, all conversions of Term A-1 Loans from one Type to another, and all continuations of Term A-1 Loans as the same Type, (ii) all Term A-2 Borrowings, all conversions of Term A-2 Loans from one Type to another, and all continuations of Term A-2 Loans as the same Type and (iii) all Revolving Credit Borrowings, all conversions of Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to another, and all continuations of Revolving Credit Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect with respect to the Term Facilities and the Revolving Credit Facility. (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Company, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. (g) With respect to any of SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, any Alternative Currency Daily Rate, any Alternative Currency Term Rate, any Relevant Rate or any Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Company and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 2.03 Letters of Credit . (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in addition to the Loans provided for in Section 2.01 , the Company may request any L/C Issuer, in reliance on the agreements of the Dollar Tranche Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , to issue, at any time and 
 - 62 - 

from time to time during the Availability Period, and such L/C Issuer agrees to issue, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency for the Company s own account or the account of any of its Subsidiaries in such form as is acceptable to the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer in its reasonable determination. Letters of Credit issued hereunder shall constitute utilization of the Revolving Credit Commitments and the Dollar Tranche Commitments. (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension, Reinstatement or Renewal . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment of the terms and conditions, extension of the terms and conditions, extension of the expiration date, or reinstatement of amounts paid, or renewal of an outstanding Letter of Credit), subject to the next sentence of this Section 2.03(b) , the Company shall deliver (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable L/C Issuer) to an L/C Issuer selected by it and to the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be, a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, extended, reinstated or renewed, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (d) of this Section 2.03 ), the currency and amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, extend, reinstate or renew such Letter of Credit. All requests for Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency shall, in the first instance, be directed to Bank of America in its capacity as an L/C Issuer, and, if Bank of America declines to issue a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency (or fails to issue such Letter of Credit within five Business Days of any request therefor), the Company may then deliver a request for such Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency to another L/C Issuer; provided further that there shall not be more than two L/C Issuers, in addition to Bank of America, with Letters of Credit outstanding in an Alternative Currency at any time. If requested by the applicable L/C Issuer, the Company also shall submit a letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement on such L/C Issuer s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement or other agreement submitted by the Company to, or entered into by the Company with, an L/C Issuer relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. If the Company so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application (or the amendment of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the applicable L/C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit shall permit such L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon by the Company and the applicable L/C Issuer at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the applicable L/C Issuer, the Company shall not be required to make a specific request to such L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Dollar Tranche Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may 
 - 63 - 

not require) the applicable L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiration date not later than the date permitted pursuant to Section 2.03(d) ; provided , that such L/C Issuer shall not (i) permit any such extension if (A) such L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its extended form under the terms hereof (except that the expiration date may be extended to a date that is no more than one year from the then-current expiration date), or (B) it has received notice (which may be in writing or by telephone (if promptly confirmed in writing)) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from the Administrative Agent that the Required Tranche Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (ii) be obligated to permit such extension if it has received notice (which may be in writing or by telephone (if promptly confirmed in writing)) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from the Administrative Agent, any Dollar Tranche Lender or any Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing such L/C Issuer not to permit such extension. (c) Limitations on Amounts, Issuance and Amendment . A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, extended, reinstated or renewed only if (and upon issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of each Letter of Credit the Company shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal (i) the aggregate amount of the outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any L/C Issuer shall not exceed its L/C Commitment; provided that, subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 2.03(c) , any L/C Issuer in its sole discretion may issue Letters of Credit in excess of such L/C Issuer s L/C Commitment, (ii) the aggregate L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (iii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed its Revolving Credit Commitment, (iv) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, (v) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Dollar Tranche Loans, plus the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Dollar Tranche Commitments of all Lenders, and (vi) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of Dollar Tranche Loans of any Lender plus such Lender s participation in L/C Obligations at such time shall not exceed such Lender s Dollar Tranche Commitment . (i) No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that such L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which such L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it; (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; 
 - 64 - 

(C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than 500,000; (D) any Revolving Credit Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to such L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Company or such Lender to eliminate such L/C Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv )) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which such L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion; or (E) the Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder. (ii) No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit. (d) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall have a stated expiration date no later than the earlier of (i) the date twelve months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, whether automatic or by amendment, twelve months after the then-current expiration date of such Letter of Credit) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. (e) Participations . (i) By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the expiration date thereof), and without any further action on the part of the applicable L/C Issuer or the Dollar Tranche Lenders, such L/C Issuer hereby grants to each Dollar Tranche Lender, and each Dollar Tranche Lender hereby acquires from such L/C Issuer, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Dollar Tranche Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Each Dollar Tranche Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this Section 2.03(e)(i) in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments. (ii) In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Dollar Tranche Lender hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars, for account of the applicable L/C Issuer, such Dollar Tranche Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of each L/C Disbursement made by an L/C Issuer (expressed in Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof) not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the notice provided by the Administrative Agent to the Dollar Tranche Lenders pursuant to Section 2.03(f) until such L/C Disbursement is reimbursed by the applicable Borrower or at any time after any reimbursement payment is required to be refunded to such Borrower for any reason, including after the Maturity Date. Such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each such payment shall be made in the 
 - 65 - 

same manner as provided in Section 2.02 with respect to Revolving Credit Loans made by such Dollar Tranche Lender (and Section 2.02 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Dollar Tranche Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable L/C Issuer the amounts so received by it from the Dollar Tranche Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the applicable Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03(f) , the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable L/C Issuer or, to the extent that the Dollar Tranche Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such L/C Issuer, then to such Dollar Tranche Lenders and such L/C Issuer as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Dollar Tranche Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an L/C Issuer for any L/C Disbursement shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the applicable Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such L/C Disbursement. Each Dollar Tranche Lender further acknowledges and agrees that its participation in each Letter of Credit will be automatically adjusted to reflect such Dollar Tranche Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at each time such Dollar Tranche Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment is amended pursuant to the operation of Section 2.14 or 2.15 , as a result of an assignment in accordance with Section 10.06 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement. (iii) If any Dollar Tranche Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Dollar Tranche Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(e) , then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, the applicable L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Dollar Tranche Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the applicable L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by such L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Dollar Tranche Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid (other than such fees and any interest in excess of the interest rate otherwise applicable to such borrowing) shall constitute such Dollar Tranche Lender s Revolving Credit Loan included in the relevant Revolving Credit Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of any L/C Issuer submitted to any Dollar Tranche Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.03(e)(iii) shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. (f) Reimbursement . If an L/C Issuer shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrowers shall reimburse such L/C Issuer in respect of such L/C Disbursement in the currency in which such L/C Disbursement was made (or, if requested by such L/C Issuer, in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such L/C Disbursement) by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such L/C Disbursement not later than 1:00 p.m. on (i) the Business Day that the Company receives notice of such L/C Disbursement, if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m. or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Company receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time, provided that, if such L/C Disbursement is not less than 1,000,000, the Borrowers may, subject to the conditions 
 - 66 - 

to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.02 that such payment be financed with a Borrowing of Dollar Tranche Loans that are Base Rate Loans in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such L/C Disbursement and, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. If the Borrowers fail to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Dollar Tranche Lender of the Dollar Equivalent of the applicable L/C Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrowers in respect thereof (the Unreimbursed Amount and such Dollar Tranche Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Dollar Tranche Loans that are Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the date of payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Dollar Tranche Commitments and the Revolving Credit Facility and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by any L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(f) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. (g) Obligations Absolute . The Borrowers obligation to reimburse L/C Disbursements as provided in paragraph (f) of this Section 2.03 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of: (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, or any term or provision herein or therein; (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that any Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), any L/C Issuer (other than the defense that all amounts required to reimburse the L/C Issuer have already been paid) or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement in such draft or other document being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; (iv) waiver by any L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for such L/C Issuer s protection and not the protection of any Borrower or any waiver by such L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice any Borrower; (v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit required that demand be in the form of a draft; 
 - 67 - 

(vi) any payment made by any L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable; (vii) payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply strictly with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by any L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; (viii) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.03 , constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, any Borrower s obligations hereunder; or (ix) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally. The Company shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Company s instructions or other irregularity, the Company will promptly notify the applicable L/C Issuer. The Company shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against each L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, any L/C Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit by the applicable L/C Issuer or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the applicable L/C Issuer; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an L/C Issuer from liability to the Borrowers to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by Applicable Law) suffered by any Borrower that are caused by such L/C Issuer s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an L/C Issuer (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), an L/C Issuer shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination, and that: (i) an L/C Issuer may replace a purportedly lost, stolen, or destroyed original Letter of Credit or missing amendment thereto with a certified true copy marked as such or waive a requirement for its presentation; 
 - 68 - 

(ii) an L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and may make payment upon presentation of documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit and without regard to any non-documentary condition in such Letter of Credit; (iii) an L/C Issuer shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to decline to accept such documents and to make such payment if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit; and (iv) this sentence shall establish the standard of care to be exercised by an L/C Issuer when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof (and the parties hereto hereby waive, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, any standard of care inconsistent with the foregoing). Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, any L/C Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of (i) any presentation that includes forged or fraudulent documents or that is otherwise affected by the fraudulent, bad faith, or illegal conduct of the beneficiary or other Person, (ii) an L/C Issuer declining to take-up documents and make payment (A) against documents that are fraudulent, forged, or for other reasons by which that it is entitled not to honor or (B) following the Company s waiver of discrepancies with respect to such documents or request for honor of such documents or (iii) an L/C Issuer retaining proceeds of a Letter of Credit based on an apparently applicable attachment order, blocking regulation, or third-party claim notified to such L/C Issuer. (h) Applicability of ISP and UCP; Limitation of Liability . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Company when a Letter of Credit is issued by it (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no L/C Issuer shall be responsible to any Borrower for, and no L/C Issuer s rights and remedies against any Borrower shall be impaired by, any action or inaction of any L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where any L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. (i) Each L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included such L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to such L/C Issuer. 
 - 69 - 

(j) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Dollar Tranche Lender in accordance, subject to Section 2.17 , with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Maturity Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Tranche Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. (k) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuers . The Borrowers shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum equal to the percentage separately agreed upon between the Company and such L/C Issuer, computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Maturity Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . In addition, the Borrowers shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, the reasonable and customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such reasonable and customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. (l) Disbursement Procedures . The L/C Issuer for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by Applicable Laws or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit. Such L/C Issuer shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing of such demand for payment if such L/C Issuer has made or will make an L/C Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve any Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such L/C Issuer and the Dollar Tranche Lenders with respect to any such L/C Disbursement. (m) Interim Interest . If the L/C Issuer for any Letter of Credit shall make any L/C Disbursement, then, unless the Borrowers shall reimburse such L/C Disbursement in full on the date such L/C Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such L/C Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrowers reimburse such L/C Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loans; provided that if the Borrowers fail to reimburse such L/C Disbursement when due pursuant 
 - 70 - 

to paragraph (f) of this Section 2.03 , then Section 2.08(b) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph (m) shall be for account of such L/C Issuer, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section 2.03 to reimburse such L/C Issuer shall be for account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. (n) Replacement of any L/C Issuer . Any L/C Issuer may be replaced at any time by written agreement between the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced L/C Issuer and the successor L/C Issuer. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an L/C Issuer. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(j) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor L/C Issuer shall have all the rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term L/C Issuer shall be deemed to include such successor or any previous L/C Issuer, or such successor and all previous L/C Issuer, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an L/C Issuer hereunder, the replaced L/C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. (o) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Company receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Tranche Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with L/C Obligations representing at least 66-2/3 of the total L/C Obligations) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph (o) , the Borrowers shall immediately deposit into an account established and maintained on the books and records of the Administrative Agent (the Cash Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 105 of the total L/C Obligations as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to any Borrower described in clause (f) of Section 8.01 . Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing or paragraph (d) of this Section 2.03 , if any L/C Obligations remain outstanding after the expiration date specified in said paragraph (d) , the Borrowers shall immediately deposit into the Cash Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 105 of such L/C Obligations as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the Cash Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in the Cash Collateral Account. Moneys in the Cash Collateral Account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse each L/C Issuer for L/C Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with related fees, costs, and customary processing charges, and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrowers for the L/C Obligations at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with L/C Obligations representing 66-2/3 of the total L/C Obligations), 
 - 71 - 

be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement. If the Borrowers are required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrowers within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. (p) Additional L/C Issuers . Any Lender hereunder may become an L/C Issuer upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a fully executed Notice of Additional L/C Issuer which shall be signed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer. Such new L/C Issuer shall provide its L/C Commitment in such Notice of Additional L/C Issuer and upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of the fully executed Notice of Additional L/C Issuer, the defined term L/C Commitment shall be deemed amended to incorporate the L/C Commitment of such new L/C Issuer. (q) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrowers shall be obligated to reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of a Borrower. Each Borrower irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of such Borrower, and that such Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. (r) L/C Issuer Reporting Requirements . Each L/C Issuer shall, no later than the fifth (5 th Business Day following the last day of each month, provide to the Administrative Agent a schedule of the Letters of Credit issued by it, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, showing the date of issuance of each Letter of Credit, the account party, the original face amount (if any), the expiration date, and the reference number of any Letter of Credit outstanding at any time during such month, and showing the aggregate amount (if any) payable by the Borrowers to such L/C Issuer during such month pursuant to Section 2.03(j) . Promptly after the receipt of such schedule from each L/C Issuer, Administrative Agent shall provide to the Lenders and the Company a summary of such schedules. (s) Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 2.04 [Intentionally Omitted] . 2.05 Prepayments . (a) The Borrowers may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans and Revolving Credit Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (A) 11:00 a.m. on the date of prepayment of Term SOFR Loans, (B) 11:00 a.m. four Business Days (or five, in the case of prepayment of Loans denominated in Special Notice Currencies) prior to any date of prepayment of any Alternative Currency Loans, and (C) 1:00 p.m. on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans and Daily SOFR Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a principal amount of 
 - 72 - 

the Dollar Equivalent of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 100,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date, currency and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans, the Facility and if applicable, the Tranche, to be prepaid and, if Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s ratable portion of such prepayment (based on such Lender s Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility). If such notice is given by a Borrower, such Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of any Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with, in the case of any Term SOFR Loan and any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.17 , each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages in respect of each of the relevant Facilities. (b) If for any reason the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings at any time exceed the Revolving Credit Facility at such time, then the Borrowers shall immediately prepay the Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Borrowings and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (other than the L/C Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, however , that the Borrowers shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) unless after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Credit Loans the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings exceed the Revolving Credit Facility at such time. (c) If the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations denominated in Alternative Currencies at such time exceeds an amount equal to 105 of the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect, then, within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrowers shall prepay the Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Borrowings and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (other than the L/C Borrowings) in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Outstanding Amount as of such date of payment to an amount not to exceed 100 of the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect. 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . (a) Optional . The Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Revolving Credit Facility, the Alternative Currency Sublimit or the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or from time to time permanently reduce the Revolving Credit Facility, the Alternative Currency Sublimit or the Letter of Credit Sublimit . A ny such reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility shall be applied to the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender according to its Applicable Percentage; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. five (5) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 10,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Revolving Credit Facility if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, (x) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings would exceed the 
 - 73 - 

Revolving Credit Facility, (B) the Alternative Currency Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations denominated in Alternative Currencies would exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit, or (C) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit and (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Alternative Currency Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Alternative Currency Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess . In addition, prior to the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, the Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent as set forth above, from time to time terminate (in whole or in part) the unused portion of the aggregate Term A-1 Commitments, and prior to the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline, the Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent as set forth above, from time to time terminate (in whole or in part) the unused portion of the aggregate Term A-2 Commitments. (b) Mandatory . (i) The aggregate Term A-1 Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, and (ii) the aggregate Term A-2 Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline. (c) Application of Commitment Reductions, Payment of Fees . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Appropriate Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, the Alternative Currency Sublimit, the Revolving Credit Commitments, the Term A-1 Commitments or the Term A-2 Commitments under this Section 2.06 . Upon any reduction of a Facility, the Commitment of each Appropriate Lender shall be reduced by such Lender s Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility of such reduction amount. All fees in respect of any Facility accrued until the effective date of any termination of such Facility shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 2.07 Repayment of Loans . (a) Term A-1 Loans . The Company shall repay to the Term A-1 Lenders on the Maturity Date with respect to the Term A-1 Facility the aggregate principal amount of all Term A-1 Loans outstanding on such date. (b) Term A-2 Loans . The Company shall repay to the Term A-2 Lenders on the Maturity Date with respect to the Term A-2 Facility the aggregate principal amount of all Term A-2 Loans outstanding on such date. (c) Revolving Credit Loans . The Borrowers shall repay to the Revolving Credit Lenders on the Maturity Date with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Credit Loans outstanding on such date. 2.08 Interest . (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Term SOFR Loan under a Facility shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility; (ii) each Base Rate Loan under a Facility shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus 
 - 74 - 

the Applicable Rate for such Facility, (iii) each Daily SOFR Loan under a Facility shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility, (iv) each Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Daily Rate plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility; and (v) each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility. (b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law. (ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by any Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law. (iii) Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above), the Borrowers shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law. (iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 2.09 Fees . In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of Section 2.03 : (a) Revolving Credit Unused Fee . The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender holding Revolving Credit Commitments (in accordance with such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Percentage) an unused fee in Dollars (the Revolving Credit Unused Fee equal to the Unused Fee Rate with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility times the actual daily amount by which the Revolving Credit Facility exceeds the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans as of such date and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . The Revolving Credit Unused Fee shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date until the earlier of the Facility Fee Effective Date (defined below) and the last day of the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable, until such fee terminates as set forth above, quarterly in arrears on the last 
 - 75 - 

Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the earlier of the Facility Fee Effective Date and the last day of the Availability Period. The Revolving Credit Unused Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears , in accordance with the definition of Unused Fee Rate, and if there is any change in the Unused Fee Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Unused Fee Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Unused Fee Rate was in effect. (b) Facility Fee . Commencing at such time as the Ratings Based Pricing Grid becomes effective (the Facility Fee Effective Date ), the Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a facility fee in Dollars (the Facility Fee equal to the applicable Facility Fee in the definition of Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments (or, if the Revolving Credit Commitments have terminated, on the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations), regardless of usage, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . The Facility Fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period commencing on the Facility Fee Effective Date (and thereafter so long as any Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Obligations remain outstanding), including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Facility Fee Effective Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period (and, if applicable, thereafter on demand). The Facility Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. (c) Term A-1 Loan Unused Fee . The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term A-1 Lender holding Term A-1 Commitments (in accordance with each Term A-1 Lender s Applicable Percentage) an unused fee in Dollars (the Term A-1 Loan Unused Fee equal to the Unused Fee Rate with respect to the Term Facilities times t he undrawn portion of the Term A-1 Facility. The Term A-1 Loan Unused Fee shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date until the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date , and on the Term Loan Draw Deadline. The Term A-1 Loan Unused Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears , in accordance with the definition of Unused Fee Rate. (d) Term A-2 Loan Unused Fee . The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term A-2 Lender holding Term A-2 Commitments (in accordance with each Term A-2 Lender s Applicable Percentage) an unused fee in Dollars (the Term A-2 Loan Unused Fee equal to the Unused Fee Rate with respect to the Term Facilities times t he undrawn portion of the Term A-2 Facility. The Term A-2 Loan Unused Fee shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date until the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date , and on the Term Loan Draw Deadline. The Term 
 - 76 - 

A-2 Loan Unused Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears , in accordance with the definition of Unused Fee Rate. (e) Other Fees. (i) The Company shall pay to the Arrangers and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts, in Dollars, fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. (ii) The Company shall pay to the Lenders, in Dollars, such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate . (a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to Term SOFR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All computations of interest for Alternative Currency Loans shall be made on the basis of a year as set forth on Schedule 2.10 for such Alternative Currency and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest, including those with respect to Daily SOFR Loans shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be prima facie evidence thereof. (b) If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Company or for any other reason, the Company or the Lenders determine that (i) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Company as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrowers shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuers, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph (b) shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under Section 2.03(j) , 2.03(k) or 2.08(b) or under Article VIII . Each Borrower s obligations under this paragraph (b) shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder for a period of 180 days. 
 - 77 - 

2.11 Evidence of Debt . (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in accordance with Section 10.06(c) . The accounts or records maintained by each Lender shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register, the Register shall control in the absence of demonstrable error. Upon the request of any Lender to a Borrower made through the Administrative Agent, such Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans to such Borrower in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a) , each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of demonstrable error. 2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback . (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and, except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. If, for any reason, any Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, such Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after (i) 2:00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent, in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall, in each case, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment 
 - 78 - 

shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. (b) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the applicable Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by a Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the applicable Borrowing. If such Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to such Borrower the amount of such interest paid by such Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid (but not in excess of the interest rate otherwise applicable to such borrowing) shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by such Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. (ii) Payments by Borrowers; Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Appropriate Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount ): (1) the applicable Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by such Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuers, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable 
 - 79 - 

Amount so distributed to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent demonstrable error. (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to any Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans and Revolving Credit Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) . (e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations held by it resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that: (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and (ii) the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the 
 - 80 - 

express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.16 , or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the Company or any Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall apply). Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 2.14 Extension of Maturity Date in Respect of the Revolving Credit Facility . (a) Requests for Extension . The Company may, up to two times with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Revolving Credit Lenders not earlier than one hundred and twenty (120) days and not later than thirty (30) days prior to the Maturity Date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility then in effect hereunder (the Existing Maturity Date ), request that the Existing Maturity Date be extended for an additional six month period from the Existing Maturity Date. (b) Conditions to Effectiveness of Extensions . As a condition precedent to each such extension, the Borrowers shall pay to Administrative Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, an extension fee equal to (A) 0.075 (7.5 basis points) multiplied by (B) the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders at the time of extension and deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Existing Maturity Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (i) approving or consenting to such extension (and attaching resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such extension to the extent required under such Loan Party s Organization Documents) and (ii) in the case of the Company, certifying that, immediately before and after giving effect to such extension, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Section 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the Existing Maturity Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of Sections 5.14(b) and 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date or the respective period, as the case may be, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.14 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 , (B) the Borrowers are in compliance with all of the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.09 , and (C) no Default exists. 2.15 Increase in Total Credit Exposure . (a) Request for Increase . Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the Company may, from time to time, request an increase in the Total Credit Exposure of all Lenders (which increase may take the 
 - 81 - 

form of additional Dollar Tranche Commitments or Multicurrency Tranche Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, an increase to the Term A-1 Facility, an increase to the Term A-2 Facility, or one or more additional term loan tranches) by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding 550,000,000; provided that any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 25,000,000, or such other amount as may be agreed upon by Company and Administrative Agent; provided , further , that, after giving effect to such increase, the Total Credit Exposure of all Lenders shall not exceed 2,250,000,000 less the amount of any prepayments of the Outstanding Amount of the Term Facilities . At the time of sending such notice, the Company (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders) as to whether it intends to seek approval for increasing its Total Credit Exposure. (b) Lender Elections to Increase . Each Lender may decline or elect to participate in such requested increase in the Total Credit Exposure of all Lenders in its sole discretion, and each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Total Credit Exposure and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Total Credit Exposure. (c) Notification by Administrative Agent; Additional Lenders . The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and, in the case of an increase in the form of additional Dollar Tranche Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, each L/C Issuer, the Company may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel (a New Lender Joinder Agreement ). (d) Effective Date and Allocations . If the Total Credit Exposure of any Lenders is increased in accordance with this Section 2.15 , the Administrative Agent and the Company shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date and the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. (e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . As a condition precedent to such increase, (i) the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (x) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase to the extent required under such Loan Party s Organization Documents, and (y) in the case of the Company, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Section 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of Sections 5.14(b) and 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date or for the respective period, as applicable, and 
 - 82 - 

except that for purposes of this Section 2.15 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 , and (B) no Default exists or would result therefrom, (ii) (x) upon the reasonable request of any Lender participating in such increase made at least ten (10) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, the Borrowers shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date and (y) at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, if any Loan Party qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, then the Company shall have delivered, to each Lender participating in such increase that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party and (iii) to the extent that the increase of the Commitments shall take the form of a new term loan tranche, this Agreement shall be amended, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Company. The Borrowers shall prepay any Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Total Credit Exposure of any Lender under this Section 2.15 , and each Loan Party shall execute and deliver such documents or instruments as the Administrative Agent may require to evidence such increase in the Total Credit Exposure of any Lender and to ratify each such Loan Party s continuing obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and shall pay such fees as may be due pursuant to the terms of the Fee Letters. (f) Conflicting Provisions . This Section 2.15 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or Section 10.01 to the contrary. 2.16 Cash Collateral . (a) Obligation to Cash Collateralize . At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Company shall Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. Additionally, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations at such time exceeds 105 of the Letter of Credit Sublimit then in effect, then within two (2) Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Company shall provide Cash Collateral for the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations in an amount not less than the amount by which the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations exceeds the Letter of Credit Sublimit. (b) Grant of Security Interest . The Company, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.16(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash 
 - 83 - 

Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Company will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to Section 2.16(a) above, after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Company shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. (c) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.16 or Sections 2.03 , 2.05 , 2.17 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. (d) Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the good faith determination by the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however , that (x) Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of the Company or the Borrowers (including any interest thereon) shall not be released during the continuance of an Event of Default (and following application as provided in this Section 2.16 may be otherwise applied in accordance with Section 8.03 during the continuance of an Event of Default), and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 2.17 Defaulting Lenders . (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law: (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 10.01 . (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such 
 - 84 - 

Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any L/C Issuer hereunder; third , to Cash Collateralize any L/C Issuer s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.16 ; fourth , as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and, if no Event of Default is continuing, the Company, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize any L/C Issuer s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.16 ; sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or any L/C Issuer as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or any L/C Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Company as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. (iii) Certain Fees . (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) , (c) or (d) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Company shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender), and each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive fees payable under Section 2.09(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to the sum of (1) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans funded by it, and (2) its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.16 . 
 - 85 - 

(B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which such Defaulting Lender has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.16 . (C) With respect to any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) or (b) or any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Company shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in L/C Obligations that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to each L/C Issuer the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. (iv) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in L/C Obligations shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Revolving Credit Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause (x) the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment or (y) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of Dollar Tranche Loans of any Non-Defaulting Lender plus such Lender s participation in L/C Obligations at such time to exceed the such Non-Defaulting Lender s Dollar Tranche Commitment . Subject to Section 10.21 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. (v) Cash Collateral . If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Company shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under Applicable Law, Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.16 . (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Company, the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Revolving Credit Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with their Revolving Credit Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Company while 
 - 86 - 

that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. (c) New Letters of Credit . So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no L/C Issuer shall be required to issue, extend, increase, reinstate or renew any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 2.18 Addition and Removal of Unencumbered Properties . (a) Addition of Unencumbered Properties . The Company may at any time and from time to time designate additional Unencumbered Properties meeting the definition of Unencumbered Properties by providing an updated Schedule 5.19 and the appropriate Subsidiary Guarantees, at which time such additional Unencumbered Properties shall be included for purposes of determining the Company s compliance with the financial covenants under Sections 7.09(e) , (f) and (g) and the amount that may be borrowed hereunder. (b) Removal of Unencumbered Properties (d) . The Company may at any time and from time to time remove Unencumbered Properties by providing an updated Schedule 5.19 reflecting which Properties will no longer constitute Unencumbered Properties; provided that in connection therewith the Company shall, following removal of such Unencumbered Property, continue to comply with Sections 7.09(e) , (f) and (g) and so long as the Company complies with Sections 7.09(e) , (f) and (g) and there is no Event of Default at such time, such Property shall no longer constitute an Unencumbered Property for purposes hereof . 2.19 Designated Borrowers . (a) Designated Borrowers . The Company may at any time, upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), request to designate any wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company (an Applicant Borrower as a Designated Borrower to receive Revolving Credit Loans and/or one or more Term Loans (including one or more additional term loan tranches provided pursuant to Section 2.15 by delivering to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver counterparts thereof to each Lender) a duly executed notice and agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit I (a Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement ). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior to any Applicant Borrower becoming entitled to utilize the credit facilities provided for herein (i) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that are to provide Commitments and/or Loans in favor of an Applicant Borrower must each agree, in its and their reasonable discretion, to such Applicant Borrower becoming a Designated Borrower, (ii) the Administrative Agent and such Lenders shall have received such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information, in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as may be required by the Administrative Agent, and Notes signed by such new Borrowers to the extent any Lender so requires, and (iii) upon the reasonable request of any Lender, the Applicant Borrowers shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and any Applicant Borrower that qualifies as a legal entity 
 - 87 - 

customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Applicant Borrower (the requirements in clauses (i) , (ii) and (iii) hereof, the Designated Borrower Requirements ). If the Designated Borrower Requirements are met, the Administrative Agent shall send a notice in substantially the form of Exhibit J (a Designated Borrower Notice to the Company and the Lenders specifying the effective date upon which the Applicant Borrower shall constitute a Designated Borrower for purposes hereof, whereupon each of the Lenders agrees to permit such Designated Borrower to receive Loans hereunder, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and each of the parties agrees that such Designated Borrower otherwise shall be a Borrower for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that no Committed Loan Notice or Letter of Credit Application may be submitted by or on behalf of such Designated Borrower until the date five (5) Business Days after such effective date. (b) Obligations . Except as specifically provided herein, the Obligations of the Company and each of the Borrowers shall be joint and several in nature (unless such joint and several liability (i) shall result in adverse tax consequences to any such Designated Borrower or (ii) is not permitted by any Law applicable to such Designated Borrower, in which either such case, the liability of such Designated Borrower shall be several in nature) regardless of which such Person actually receives Credit Extensions hereunder or the amount of such Credit Extensions received or the manner in which the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender accounts for such Credit Extensions on its books and records. Notwithstanding anything herein or in any Loan Document (including any Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement) to the contrary, (i) no Designated Borrower that is a Foreign Subsidiary shall be obligated with respect to any Obligations of the Company or of any Domestic Subsidiary, (ii) the Obligations owed by a Designated Borrower that is a Foreign Subsidiary shall be several and not joint with the Obligations of the Company or of any Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary and (iii) no Designated Borrower that is a Foreign Subsidiary shall be obligated as a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Subsidiary Guaranty with respect to the Obligations of the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary. (c) Appointment . Each Subsidiary of the Company that is or becomes a Designated Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.19 hereby irrevocably appoints the Company to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and agrees that (i) the Company may execute such documents on behalf of such Designated Borrower as the Company deems appropriate in its sole discretion and each Designated Borrower shall be obligated by all of the terms of any such document executed on its behalf, (ii) any notice or communication delivered by the Administrative Agent or the Lender to the Company shall be deemed delivered to each Designated Borrower and (iii) the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may accept, and be permitted to rely on, any document, instrument or agreement executed by the Company on behalf of each of the Loan Parties. (d) Termination of Designated Borrower Status . The Company may from time to time, upon not less than 15 Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), terminate a Designated Borrower s status as such, provided that there are no outstanding Loans that were advanced to such Designated Borrower, or other amounts payable by such Designated Borrower on account of any Loans advanced to it, as of the effective date of such termination. Such Designated Borrower shall also be released from its obligations under the Guaranty and the 
 - 88 - 

other Loan Documents, provided that such Designated Borrower (or if such Designated Borrower is not a Domestic Subsidiary, the most immediate parents of such Subsidiary that are Domestic Subsidiaries of the Company (if any)) is not, or substantially contemporaneously with the termination of such Designated Borrower s status as such would not be, required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent will (at the sole cost of the Borrowers), and each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to, execute and deliver such documents as the Company or such terminated Designated Borrower may reasonably request to evidence the release of such Designated Borrower from its obligations hereunder, including under the Guaranty, and under the other Loan Documents, which documents shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such termination of a Designated Borrower s status. ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 3.01 Taxes . (a) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 3.01 , the term Applicable Law includes FATCA and the term Lender includes any L/C Issuer. (b) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. (c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . Each of the Borrowers shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. (d) Indemnifications by Borrowers . Each of the Borrowers shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes 
 - 89 - 

attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for, or paid, such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e) . (f) Evidence of Payments . Upon request by the Company or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by the Company or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Company, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Company or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. (g) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(g)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that a Borrower is a U.S. Person, (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a 
 - 90 - 

Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as described below or as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, two (2) properly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (II) two (2) properly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) two (2) properly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or (IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, two (2) properly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 - 91 - 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Closing Date. (iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (h) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by Applicable Law, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Borrower or with respect to which any Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that such Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection (h) , in no event will the applicable Recipient be required 
 - 92 - 

to pay any amount to any Borrower pursuant to this subsection (h) the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection (h) shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to any Borrower or any other Person. (i) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 3.02 Illegality . If any Lender reasonably determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to a Relevant Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon a Relevant Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market (provided that such Lender has made such determination in good faith and not in an arbitrary and capricious manner after consideration of such factors as such Lender then reasonably determines to be relevant), then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Company (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or maintain Alternative Currency Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans to Term SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans to Daily SOFR Loans shall be, in each case, suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Company shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay all Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans and/or Alternative Currency Loans, as applicable, in the affected currency or currencies or, if applicable, and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all Term SOFR Loans and/or Daily SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), in each case, immediately, or in the case of Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans on the last day of the Interest Period therefor if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable, to such day and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR. Upon any 
 - 93 - 

such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates; Replacement of Relevant Rates or Successor Rates . (a) Inability to Determine Rates . If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan, a Daily SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan, a conversion of a Base Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan to a Daily SOFR Loan, a conversion of a Base Rate Loan or a Daily SOFR Loan to a Term SOFR Loan or a continuation of any Term SOFR Loan or any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, (i) the Administrative Agent reasonably determines (and makes a similar determination with respect to other similar facilities with respect to which it is acting as agent) (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate for the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03(b) or Section 3.03(c) and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.03(b) or of Section 3.03(c) , or the Scheduled Unavailability Date or the SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date, has occurred with respect to such Relevant Rate (as applicable), or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan, Daily SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine for any reason that the Relevant Rate with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, or to convert Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans to Daily SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans to Term SOFR Loans shall be suspended in each case to the extent of the affected Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.03(a) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Company may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to Daily SOFR Loans, Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Borrowing or continuation of Alternative Currency Loans to the extent of the affected Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount specified therein and (ii) (A) any outstanding Daily SOFR Loans and Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately, in the case of a Daily SOFR Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, and (B) any outstanding affected Alternative Currency Loans, at the Company s election, shall either (1) be converted into a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent 
 - 94 - 

of the amount of such outstanding Alternative Currency Loan immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or (2) be prepaid in full immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan; provided that if no election is made by the Company (x) in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Company of such notice or (y) in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the Company shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above. (b) Replacement of SOFR or SOFR Successor Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Company or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Company) that the Company or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining SOFR and one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including because SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate, as applicable, is not available or published on a current basis, and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or (ii) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which SOFR and one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate, as applicable, shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in Dollars, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there are no successor administrators that are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide SOFR or such interest periods of Term SOFR, as applicable, after such specific date (the latest date on which SOFR or one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the SOFR Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing SOFR and/or Term SOFR for Dollars or any then current SOFR Successor Rate for Dollars in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in Dollars for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in Dollars for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated in its reasonable discretion (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a SOFR Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all 
 - 95 - 

Lenders and the Company unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. (c) Replacement of Relevant Rate or Non-SOFR Successor Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Company or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Company) that the Company or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate (other than SOFR) for an Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) because none of the tenors of such Relevant Rate (other than SOFR) under this Agreement is available or published on a current basis, and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or (ii) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate (other than SOFR) for an Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) under this Agreement shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in such Agreed Currency (other than Dollars), or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate (other than SOFR) for such Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) under this Agreement are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(c)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency or any then current Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated in its reasonable discretion (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Non-SOFR Successor Rate , and collectively with the SOFR Successor Rate, each a Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Company unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 - 96 - 

(d) Successor Rate . The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Company and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Company and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. (e) Exclusion of Certain Lenders . For purposes of this Section 3.03 , those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in the relevant Alternative Currency shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 3.04 Increased Costs . (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or any L/C Issuer; (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or (iii) impose on any Lender or any L/C Issuer or any applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or such L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or 
 - 97 - 

such L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, the Company will pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided , however , that such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s determination of any such amounts assessed against the Company shall be consistent with the determination of amounts assessed against other (but not necessarily all) borrowers that are similarly situated to the Company after consideration of such factors as such Lender then reasonably determines to be relevant; provided that in no event shall any Lender be required to disclose information of other borrowers. (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or any L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or such L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements), then from time to time the Company will pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. Each L/C Issuer and each Lender agrees that, in the event that it submits any demand for payment under this Section 3.04(b) it shall, as part of making such demand, have made a good faith determination (which determination shall be conclusive) that it is concurrently making similar demands of other (but not necessarily all) customers similarly situated to the Company after consideration of such factors as such Lender then reasonably determines to be relevant; provided that in no event shall any Lender be required to disclose information of other borrowers . (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or an L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Company shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. Subject to Section 3.04(d) below, the Company shall pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided that no Borrower shall be required to compensate a Lender or such L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six months prior to the date that such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such 
 - 98 - 

Lender s or such L/C Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 3.05 Compensation for Losses . Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Company shall promptly compensate (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to compensate) such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any out-of-pocket loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan, other than a Base Rate Loan, a Daily SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, on a day other than the last day of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period, as applicable, for such Loan, if applicable (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); (b) any failure by the Company (or the applicable Designated Borrower) (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan, other than a Base Rate Loan, a Daily SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, on the date or in the amount notified by the Company or the applicable Designated Borrower; (c) any assignment of a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 10.13 ; or (d) any failure by any Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency; including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained but excluding any loss of anticipated profits or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract. The Company shall also pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Company (or the applicable Designated Borrower) to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Term SOFR Loan and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan made by it at Term SOFR or the Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank eurodollar market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to a Borrower through any Lending Office, provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower to repay the Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or requires 
 - 99 - 

a Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, any L/C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then at the request of the Company such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Company hereby agrees to pay (or to cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or any L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment. (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if a Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) , the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 3.07 Survival . All of the Borrowers obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of the Administrative Agent. ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 4.01 Conditions of Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligation of each L/C Issuer and each Lender to make any Credit Extensions hereunder on the Closing Date is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or pdf copies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement and the Guaranty, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Borrowers; (ii) Notes executed by the Borrowers in favor of each Lender requesting Notes; (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party; 
 - 100 - 

(iv) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each of the Borrowers and the Trust is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its jurisdiction of organization; (v) a favorable opinion of counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to the matters set forth in Exhibit H and such other matters concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Required Lenders may reasonably request; (vi) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required; (vii) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying (A) that the representations and warranties of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished under or in connection herewith or therewith, are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of Section 5.14(b) or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the date of the Closing Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date or for the respective period, as applicable, (B) that no Default exists, or would result from the consummation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated to occur thereby on the Closing Date (including, without limitation, any proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof), (C) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or would be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (D) a calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been publicly filed prior to the Closing Date; (viii) a duly completed Compliance Certificate as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Company ended on September 30, 2021, giving pro forma effect to the transactions to occur on the Closing Date (including, without limitation, all Credit Extensions to occur on the Closing Date), signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company; (ix) the Audited Financial Statements and the unaudited financial statements of the Consolidated Group referred to in Section 5.05(a) and (b) ; (x) evidence that the Swing Line Loans (if any) outstanding under (and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) have been or concurrently with the Closing Date are being repaid in full; and 
 - 101 - 

(xi) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Required Lenders may reasonably require. (b) (i) Upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date and (ii) at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, if any Loan Party qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, then the Company shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party. (c) Any fees required to be paid to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the Fee Letter on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid. (d) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Company shall have paid all reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to or on the date that is three Business Days prior to the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Company and the Administrative Agent). Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions . The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent: (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Section 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of Sections 5.14(b) and 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date or for the respective period, as applicable, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties 
 - 102 - 

contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 . (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. (c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the applicable L/C Issuer shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. (d) Assuming the effectiveness of the requested Credit Extension, the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility. (e) If the applicable Borrower is a Designated Borrower, then the conditions of Section 2.19 to the designation of such Borrower as a Designated Borrower shall have been met to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent. (f) In the case of a Credit Extension to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, such currency remains an Eligible Currency. Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to another Type or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans) submitted by the Company shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) , (b) and (d) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power . Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c) , to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of (or the requirement to create) any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such 
 - 103 - 

Person or its property is subject , the conflict or breach of which under the foregoing clauses (i) and/or (ii) would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (c) violate any Law. 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document , except with respect to notices which have already been given or where the failure to obtain any of the foregoing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.04 Binding Effect . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms. 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect . (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (ii) fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Consolidated Group as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein. (b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the Consolidated Group dated September 30, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Consolidated Group as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) , to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had a Material Adverse Effect. 5.06 Litigation . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Company after due and diligent investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.06 , either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.07 No Default . Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that would, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is 
 - 104 - 

continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens . Each of the Company and each Subsidiary has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property material to its business, except for such defects in title as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Unencumbered Property is subject to any Liens, other than Liens permitted by Section 7.01 . 5.09 Environmental Compliance . The Company and its Subsidiaries normally conduct, prior to the acquisition of any Property, a customary review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on such Property , and as a result thereof the Company has reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws and claims would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.10 Taxes . The Company and its Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 5.11 ERISA Compliance . (a) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Pension Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws and (ii) each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination, opinion or advisory letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Pension Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by, or shall be timely submitted to, the Internal Revenue Service, and, to the best knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. (b) There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Pension Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction, as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, nor violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules under ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (c) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred, and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan; (ii) the Company and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, 
 - 105 - 

and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; (iii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60 or higher and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below 60 as of the most recent valuation date; (iv) neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due that are unpaid; (v) neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; and (vi) no Pension Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that would reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan. (d) Neither the Company nor, to the Company s knowledge, any ERISA Affiliate, maintains or contributes to, or has any unsatisfied obligation to contribute to, or liability under, any active or terminated Pension Plan other than (A) on the Closing Date, those listed on Schedule 5.11(d) hereto and (B) thereafter, Pension Plans not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement. (e) Each Borrower represents and warrants as of the Closing Date that such Borrower is not and will not be using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments. 5.12 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests . As of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.12 sets forth the owners of outstanding Equity Interests in each Subsidiary Guarantor and such Equity Interests have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by the party shown on Schedule 5.12 free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Encumbrances. 5.13 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act . (a) No Borrower is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the applicable Borrower only or of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 7.01 or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement or instrument between any Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness and within the scope of Section 8.01(e) will be margin stock. (b) None of the Company, any Person Controlling the Company, or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 5.14 Disclosure . (a) Each Borrower has disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The reports, financial 
 - 106 - 

statements, certificates and other information furnished in writing by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (in each case other than projected financial information, other forward-looking information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that as to such written information supplied by third parties, each Borrower represents only that it has no actual knowledge of any material misstatement or material omission therein; provided further that, with respect to financial projections concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries that have been or are hereafter made available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by the Company or any of its representatives (or on the Company s or such representative s behalf) in connection herewith (the Projections ), each Borrower represents only that such Projections were prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to have been reasonable at the time such Projections were prepared (it being recognized that (i) actual results during the period or periods covered by any such Projections may differ from the projected or forecasted results and the differences may be material, and (ii) any such Projections are subject to the risks detailed in the public filings of the Trust, and the Company can give no assurance that the expectations can be obtained). (b) As of the Closing Date, the information included in each Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 5.15 Compliance with Laws . Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, with respect to all such non-compliance by all such Subsidiaries would not reasonably be expected t o have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.16 Taxpayer Identification Number . The Company s true and correct U.S. taxpayer identification number is set forth on Schedule 10.02 . 5.17 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. The Company and its Subsidiaries own, or are licensed to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, trade secrets, know-how, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP Rights that are material to their respective businesses , except where the failure would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the best knowledge of the Company, no product, service, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by the Company or any Subsidiary infringes upon, misappropriates or otherwise violates any rights held by any other Person, except for any infringement that individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the best knowledge of the Company, there has been no unauthorized use, access, interruption, modification, corruption or malfunction of any information technology assets or systems (or any information or transactions stored or contained therein or transmitted 
 - 107 - 

thereby) owned or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which, either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.18 REIT Status . The Trust is qualified to elect or has elected status as a real estate investment trust under Section 856 of the Code and currently is in compliance in all material respects with all provisions of the Code applicable to the qualification of the Trust as a real estate investment trust. 5.19 Unencumbered Properties . Schedule 5.19 hereto contains a complete and accurate description of Unencumbered Properties designated by the Company to constitute Unencumbered Properties hereunder as of the Closing Date and as supplemented from time to time in connection with the delivery of a Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.01(c) hereof or as set forth in Section 2.18 and upon the inclusion or removal of a Property as an Unencumbered Property for purposes of the financial covenants contained in Section 7.09 , including the entity that owns each Unencumbered Property. With respect to each Property identified from time to time as an Unencumbered Property, each Borrower hereby represents and warrants as follows except to the extent the failure to comply with any of the following would not have a material adverse effect on the value of the Unencumbered Property or to the extent disclosed in writing to the Lenders and approved by the Required Lenders (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld): (a) No portion of any improvement on the Unencumbered Property is located in an area identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development or any successor thereto as an area having special flood hazards pursuant to the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 or the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended, or any successor law, or, if located within any such area, the Company or the applicable Subsidiary, to the extent the same is available on commercially reasonable terms, has obtained and will maintain insurance coverage for flood and other water damage in the amount of the replacement cost of the improvements at the Unencumbered Property. (b) To such Borrower s knowledge, the Unencumbered Property and the present use and occupancy thereof are in material compliance with all applicable zoning ordinances (without reliance upon adjoining or other properties), building codes, land use and Environmental Laws. (c) The Unencumbered Property is served by all utilities required for the current use thereof. All utility service is provided by public utilities and the Unencumbered Property has accepted or is equipped to accept such utility service. (d) Except with respect to Assets Under Development, all public roads and streets necessary for service of and access to the Unencumbered Property for the current use thereof have been completed, are serviceable and all-weather and are physically and legally open for use by the public. (e) The Unencumbered Property is served by public water and sewer systems or, if the Unencumbered Property is not serviced by a public water and sewer system, such alternate systems are adequate and meet, in all material respects, all requirements and regulations of, and otherwise complies in all material respects with, all Applicable Laws with respect to such alternate systems. 
 - 108 - 

(f) Such Borrower is not aware of any material latent or patent structural defect in the Unencumbered Property. The Unencumbered Property is free of damage and waste that would materially and adversely affect the value of the Unencumbered Property (other than any casualty loss being handled in accordance with the Loan Documents or condemnation proceedings being handled in accordance with Loan Documents) and is in adequate repair for its intended use. The Unencumbered Property is free from material damage caused by fire or other casualty (other than any casualty loss being handled in accordance with the Loan Documents). There is no pending or, to the actual knowledge of any Borrower, threatened condemnation proceedings affecting the Unencumbered Property, or any material part thereof, in each case that would materially detract from the value of such Unencumbered Property, impair the use or operation thereof, or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of any Loan Party. (g) To such Borrower s knowledge, all liquid and solid waste disposal, septic and sewer systems located on the Unencumbered Property are in a condition and repair adequate for its intended use and, to such Borrower s knowledge, in material compliance with all Applicable Laws with respect to such systems. (h) All improvements on the Unencumbered Property lie within the boundaries and building restrictions of the legal description of record of the Unencumbered Property other than encroachments that do not materially adversely affect the use or occupancy of the Unencumbered Property, no such improvements encroach upon easements benefiting the Unencumbered Property other than encroachments that do not materially adversely affect the use or occupancy of the Unencumbered Property and no improvements on adjoining properties encroach upon the Unencumbered Property or easements benefiting the Unencumbered Property other than encroachments that do not materially adversely affect the use or occupancy of the Unencumbered Property. All access routes that materially benefit the Unencumbered Property are available to the Company or the applicable Subsidiary of the Company, constitute permanent easements that benefit all or part of the Unencumbered Property or are public property, and the Unencumbered Property, by virtue of such easements or otherwise, is contiguous to a physically open, dedicated all weather public street, and has any necessary permits for ingress and egress. (i) There are no material delinquent taxes, ground rents, water charges, sewer rents, assessments, insurance premiums, leasehold payments, or other outstanding charges affecting the Unencumbered Property except to the extent such items are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided. (j) Each Unencumbered Property satisfies each of the requirements set forth in the definition of Unencumbered Property . A breach of any of the representations and warranties contained in this Section 5.19 with respect to a Property shall disqualify such Property from being an Unencumbered Property for so long as such breach continues (unless otherwise approved by the Required Lenders) but shall not constitute a Default (unless the elimination of such Property as an Unencumbered Property results in a Default under one of the other provisions of this Agreement). 5.20 OFAC . Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is 10 or more owned or controlled by, 
 - 109 - 

one or more individuals or entities that are (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. Neither the making of any Credit Extensions nor the use of the proceeds thereof will violate the PATRIOT Act, the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto or successor statute thereto. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the PATRIOT Act. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions. 5.21 Anti-Corruption . The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 5.22 Solvency . The Company is Solvent, and the Company, each other Loan Party, and the other members of the Consolidated Group, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. 5.23 Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 5.24 Covered Entities . No Loan Party is a Covered Entity. 5.25 Representations as to Foreign Obligors . (a) Each Foreign Obligor is subject to civil and commercial Laws with respect to its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (collectively as to such Foreign Obligor, the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents ), and the execution, delivery and performance by such Foreign Obligor of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents constitute and will constitute private and commercial acts and not public or governmental acts. Neither such Foreign Obligor nor any of its property has any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) under the laws of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing in respect of its obligations under the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents. (b) The Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents are in proper legal form under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which each Foreign Obligor is organized and existing for the enforcement thereof against such Foreign Obligor under the Laws of such jurisdiction, and to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents. It is not necessary to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents that the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents be filed, registered or recorded with, or executed or notarized before, any court or other authority in the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing or that any registration charge or stamp or similar tax be paid on or in respect of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents or any other document, except for (i) any 
 - 110 - 

such filing, registration, recording, execution or notarization as has been made or is not required to be made until the Applicable Foreign Obligor Document or any other document is sought to be enforced and (ii) any charge or tax as has been timely paid. (c) There is no tax, levy, impost, duty, fee, assessment or other governmental charge, or any deduction or withholding, imposed by any Governmental Authority in or of the jurisdiction in which any Foreign Obligor is organized and existing either (i) on or by virtue of the execution or delivery of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents or (ii) on any payment to be made by such Foreign Obligor pursuant to the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents, except as has been disclosed to the Administrative Agent. (d) The execution, delivery and performance of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents executed by such Foreign Obligor are, under applicable foreign exchange control regulations of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing, not subject to any notification or authorization except (i) such as have been made or obtained or (ii) such as cannot be made or obtained until a later date (provided that any notification or authorization described in clause (ii) shall be made or obtained as soon as is reasonably practicable). ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than unasserted contingent indemnification obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Company shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01 and 6.02 cause each Subsidiary and the Trust to: 6.01 Financial Statements and Other Information . Furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: (a) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 120 days after the close of each fiscal year, for the Consolidated Group, audited financial statements, including a consolidated balance sheet as at the end of such year and the related consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, without a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, prepared by KPMG LLC or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing; (b) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 60 days after the close of each of the first three fiscal quarters and not later than 90 days after the close of the last fiscal quarter of any fiscal year, for the Consolidated Group, an unaudited internally prepared consolidated balance sheet as of the close of each such period and the related unaudited internally prepared consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and of cash flows of the Consolidated Group for such period and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such period, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, all certified by the Company s chief financial officer or chief accounting officer; (c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a Compliance Certificate (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect 
 - 111 - 

thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating whether the Company is in compliance with Sections 7.02 and 7.09 , including an update of Schedule 5.19 listing all of the Unencumbered Properties as of such date, and (iii) stating whether any material change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the Audited Financial Statements referred to in Section 5.05 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate; (d) concurrently with the quarterly financial statements required under clause (b) above, a schedule of the Unencumbered Properties comprising the Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value, summarizing total revenues, expenses, and Unencumbered Property NOI, as well as a schedule of First Mortgage Investments and Other Debt Investments summarizing underlying property types, locations, total commitments, percentage funded and current maturity dates. Such schedule shall also include estimated stabilized debt yields and estimated stabilized loan to values based on available information at origination as well as in-place debt yields based on latest available financial reporting provided by underlying borrowers which, for avoidance of doubt, may differ from the reporting period of the subject schedule. (e) promptly following any request thereafter, copies of all periodic and regular reports, registration statements (without exhibits unless expressly requested by Administrative Agent) and prospectuses and all amendments thereto filed by the Trust, the Company or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Trust to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; (f) within 60 days after the close of each fiscal year, annual projections (cash flow and operating income) for the Company in a form and content reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent; (g) promptly following any reasonable request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and (h) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Trust, the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a reasonable and customary request from the Administrative Agent or any Lender. The Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy its obligations under Sections 6.01(a) and (b) by filing with the SEC Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and such other reports on other forms as may be appropriate at such times and in accordance with the SEC s rules and the instructions accompanying such forms. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.01(e) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Company posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Company s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 ; or (ii) on which such 
 - 112 - 

documents are posted on the Company s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (i) the Company shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon its request to the Company to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (ii) the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 6.02 Notices . Promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender: (a) of the occurrence of any Default; (b) of any matter that has resulted in a Material Adverse Effect, including any of the following that has resulted in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary; (ii) any action, suit, dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension involving the Company or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation pursuant to anti-money laundering Laws); or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Company or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws; (c) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Company or any Subsidiary, including any determination by the Company referred to in Section 2.10(b) ; and (e) of any announcement by Moody s, S P or Fitch Inc. of any change in any existing debt rating of the Company or the Trust. Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.02 (other than Section 6.02(e) shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.02(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 6.03 Payment of Taxes . Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless (a) the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary or (b) the failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 - 113 - 

6.04 Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.03 ; (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6.05 Maintenance of Properties . Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; provided that this Section 6.05 shall not prevent the Company or any Subsidiary from discontinuing the operation and the maintenance of any of its properties if such discontinuance is desirable in the conduct of its business and the Company has concluded that such discontinuance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6.06 Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain with insurance companies not Affiliates of the Company that the Company reasonably believes to be financially sound and reputable, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons. 6.07 Compliance with Laws . Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6.08 Books and Records . Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Trust, the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 6.09 Inspection Rights . Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants (provided the Company is given the opportunity to be present for such discussions), all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Company; provided, however , that unless an Event of Default exists the Company shall not be required to pay for such inspection . 6.10 Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit . Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions only for general business purposes of the Company including, but not limited to debt refinancing, property acquisitions, new construction, renovations, capital expenditures, expansions, tenant improvement, leasing commissions, refinancing of existing lines, financing acquisition of Investments permitted under Section 7.02 , dividends, redemptions and closing costs and equity investments primarily associated with commercial real estate property acquisitions or 
 - 114 - 

refinancings) not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation by any Person of any of the Regulations of the FRB, including Regulations T, U and X. 6.11 REIT Status . The Trust will at all times comply with all applicable provisions of the Code necessary to allow the Trust to qualify for status as a real estate investment trust. 6.12 Subsidiary Guarantees . The Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries that owns a Property that is included as an Unencumbered Property and so designated by the Company for purposes of determining the Company s compliance with the financial covenants contained in this Agreement on the Closing Date, if such Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company (and if such Subsidiary is not a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company, shall cause the most immediate parent(s) of such Subsidiary that are Domestic Subsidiaries of the Company (if any) (each parent an Intermediate Subsidiary Owner Guarantor )), to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent the Subsidiary Guaranty as required under Article IV above. For any Property added to the pool of Unencumbered Properties after the date hereof (unless owned by a Loan Party or an Exchange Fee Titleholder), the Company shall cause the Subsidiary owning such Unencumbered Property, if it is a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company (and if such Subsidiary is not a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company, shall cause the Intermediate Subsidiary Owner Guarantor(s) of such Subsidiary (if any)), to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the date that such Property is included as an Unencumbered Property for purposes of determining Company s compliance with the financial covenants contained in this Agreement, a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty. If the Company designates a Property that is owned by an Exchange Fee Titleholder to be included as an Unencumbered Property, then the Subsidiary of the Company that is master leasing such Property shall execute a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty and shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor during the period of time that the exchange is pending. If the Company designates a Property that is owned by an Exchange Property Owner to be included as an Unencumbered Property during the period of time that the Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interests are being marketed, then the Exchange Depositor or the Subsidiary owning tenant in common interests that have not been sold, as the case may be, shall execute a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty and shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor during the period of time (not to exceed 24 months) during which the sale of Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interests is pending, but only for so long as such Property remains an Unencumbered Property. For Unencumbered Properties owned by an Exchange Fee Titleholder, upon completion or termination of the reverse exchange, if the Company desires the applicable Property to remain an Unencumbered Property, the Company, or a Subsidiary of the Company shall acquire all of the ownership interests of the Exchange Fee Titleholder or title to such Unencumbered Property and at such time the entity that was previously the Exchange Fee Titleholder, but has become a Subsidiary of the Company, or if fee title is acquired, the Subsidiary acquiring fee title will execute a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty and become a Subsidiary Guarantor, and the entity that had previously been master leasing such Property shall be automatically released from the Subsidiary Guaranty. Each joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty provided pursuant to this Section 6.12 shall, to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, be accompanied by supporting organizational and authority documents and opinions similar to those provided with respect to the Company and the initial Subsidiary Guarantors under Section 4.01 . 6.13 Release of Guarantors . The Subsidiary Guarantors may be released at the request of the Company once the Company or the Trust receives Investment Grade Ratings from two of 
 - 115 - 

S P, Moody s or Fitch, provided that such Subsidiary Guarantors are also released from any other unsecured debt or guaranties of Indebtedness. Following such release, any Subsidiary that (x) owns any property that is an Unencumbered Property and (y) has any outstanding recourse Indebtedness shall be required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor in order for such property to be treated as an Unencumbered Property. In addition, once the Company or the Trust receives Investment Grade Ratings from two of S P, Moody s or Fitch, the Subsidiary or master lessee if such property is owned by an Exchange Fee Titleholder owning any Unencumbered Property shall no longer be required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor unless such entity has outstanding recourse indebtedness. A Subsidiary Guarantor shall be automatically released from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty if (i) there is no Event of Default (or event which, upon expiration of an applicable cure period, will become an Event of Default), and (ii) the Company delivers an updated Compliance Certificate to Administrative Agent demonstrating compliance with all financial covenants contained in Section 7.09(e) , (f) and (g) of this Agreement without the inclusion of the Unencumbered Property owned by such Subsidiary (or Exchange Fee Titleholder if the Subsidiary Guarantor is the master lessee) in the calculation of the Company s compliance with any of the foregoing covenants pertaining to Unencumbered Properties, and representing and warranting that based on the information as of the end or the prior quarter, but without counting the Unencumbered Property owned by the Subsidiary Guarantor being released (or owned by the Exchange Fee Titleholder if the Subsidiary Guarantor being released is the master lessee) as an Unencumbered Property, the Company will continue to comply with all of the financial covenants in this Agreement upon release of such Unencumbered Property and such Subsidiary Guarantor. A Subsidiary that became a party to the Subsidiary Guaranty because it was master leasing a Property owned by an Exchange Fee Titleholder shall be released in accordance with Section 6.12 upon delivery of a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty by the Exchange Fee Titleholder once it becomes a Subsidiary of the Company , or an election by the Company to cause such Property to cease to be an Unencumbered Property in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. A Subsidiary that became a party to the Subsidiary Guaranty because it was an Exchange Depositor or a Subsidiary owning tenant in common interests that have not been sold with respect to an Exchange Property shall be released in accordance with Section 6.12 upon the earlier of the end of the marketing period described therein or 24 months, at which point such Property shall cease to be an Unencumbered Property or an election by the Company to cause such Property to cease to be an Unencumbered Property in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall, from time to time, upon request from the Company , execute and deliver to the Company a written acknowledgement that a Subsidiary Guarantor has been released from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to deliver such acknowledgement. 6.14 Investor Guaranties . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders have agreed to accept from time to time, upon the request of the Company, one or more Investor Guaranties. No Investor Guarantor shall be a person with whom Administrative Agent or any Lender is prohibited by applicable law from doing business, and the Company shall deliver such information as Administrative Agent may reasonably request to verify the foregoing. 6.15 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions. Conduct its businesses in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and with all 
 - 116 - 

applicable Sanctions, and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and Sanctions. 6.16 Approvals and Authorizations. Maintain all authorizations, consents, approvals and licenses from, exemptions of, and filings and registrations with, each Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction in which each Foreign Obligor is organized and existing, and all approvals and consents of each other Person in such jurisdiction, in each case that are required in connection with the Loan Documents. ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than unasserted contingent indemnification obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit the Trust or any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly: 7.01 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any Unencumbered Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than Permitted Encumbrances. 7.02 Investments . Make any Investments other than commercial Properties, Cash Equivalents, deposit accounts and securities accounts (and investments in Subsidiaries that own such Investments) maintained in the ordinary course of business, except that an aggregate 35 of Total Asset Value, subject to individual limits set forth below, may be invested in the following categories of assets (and investments in Persons that own such assets): (a) Ownership of unimproved land on which no material improvements have been commenced up to 5 of Total Asset Value; (b) Ownership of Assets Under Development (which for this purpose shall be the book value plus the budgeted cost to complete) up to 10 of Total Asset Value; (c) Ownership of First Mortgage Investments and Other Debt Investments up to 30 of Total Asset Value; (d) Exchange Debt Investments up to 12.5 of Total Asset Value; (e) Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates (including real estate funds or privately held companies) up to 15 of Total Asset Value; and (f) Investments in Public REIT Securities and Mortgaged Backed Securities up to 10 of Total Asset Value . In the event that any Investments exceed the maximum amounts set forth above, such excess Investments shall not constitute a Default but shall be excluded from the calculation of the financial covenants in Section 7.09 . 7.03 Fundamental Changes . Merge , dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person 
 - 117 - 

(including, in each case, pursuant to a Division), except that, so long as no Default exists or would result therefrom: (a) any Person may merge or consolidate with or into (i) the Company or the Trust, provided that the Company or the Trust, as applicable, shall be the continuing or surviving Person and there is no Change of Control, or (ii) any one or more other Subsidiaries, including newly formed Subsidiaries, provided that (x) when any Subsidiary that is a Borrower is merging or consolidating with or into another Subsidiary that is not a Borrower, the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person and (y) when any Subsidiary Guarantor is merging or consolidating with or into another Subsidiary that is not a Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, the Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person; (b) any Subsidiary may dissolve or liquidate, or Dispose of any, all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise), and the Company may Dispose of any or all of its direct or indirect Equity Interests in any Subsidiary, provided that if such Subsidiary owns a Property that had been included as an Unencumbered Property the Company must be in compliance with all of its covenants hereunder without including such Property as an Unencumbered Property after giving effect to such disposition and taking into account any consideration received and/or Indebtedness repaid in connection therewith; and (c) the Company or Trust may enter into a merger in which such entity is the survivor. 7.04 Restricted Payments . Make any Restricted Payments without the consent of the Required Lenders at any time during which an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default under clause (c) of Section 8.01 is continuing, except to the extent necessary for the Trust to maintain its status as a real estate investment trust. 7.05 Change in Nature of Business . Engage to any material extent in any business if, as a result, the general nature of the business in which the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, would then be engaged would be substantially changed from the general nature of the business in which the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are engaged on the date of this Agreement. 7.06 Transactions with Affiliates . Sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Company and its Subsidiaries not involving any other Affiliate, (c) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 7.04 and (d) pursuant to each of the agreements listed on Schedule 7.06 attached hereto together with any amendment, modification, renewal, replacement or similar agreement entered into on terms which are not materially less favorable (taken as a whole) to the Company or the Trust than the agreements set forth on Schedule 7.06 . 7.07 [Reserved] . 7.08 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock 
 - 118 - 

(within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 7.09 Financial Covenants . (a) Consolidated Tangible Net Worth . Permit Consolidated Tangible Net Worth as of the last day of any fiscal quarter to be less than 824,392,000 plus seventy percent (70 of the aggregate net proceeds received by the Company or the Trust (net of reasonable related fees and expenses and net of any redemption of shares, units or other ownership interests in the Company or the Trust) in connection with any offering of stock or other equity after September 30, 2021. (b) Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio to be less than 1.5 to 1.0 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, determined based on information for the most recent quarter annualized. (c) Consolidated Leverage Ratio . Permit Consolidated Leverage Ratio to be more than sixty percent (60 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, provided that the Consolidated Leverage Ratio may increase to up to sixty five percent (65 for up to four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters commencing with the fiscal quarter during which a Material Acquisition occurs; provided further that in no event shall the Consolidated Leverage Ratio exceed sixty five percent (65 at any time or exceed sixty percent (60 for more than four consecutive fiscal quarters in any consecutive five fiscal quarter period. (d) Secured Indebtedness . Permit Total Secured Indebtedness to exceed fifty percent (50 of Total Asset Value as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. (e) Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio . Permit the Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio to be less than 1.75 to 1.00 at any date of determination. (f) Maximum Unencumbered Asset Pool Leverage Ratio . Permit the Unencumbered Asset Pool Leverage Ratio on the date of determination to be more than sixty-five percent (65 ). (g) Unencumbered Property Pool Criteria . The Company shall comply with the following requirements regarding Unencumbered Properties: (i) No single Unencumbered Property shall account for more than twenty five percent (25 of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value except that with respect to any Property leased to tenant(s) with an Investment Grade Rating, any such Property may account for up to thirty percent (30 of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value; (ii) The percentage of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value attributable to Unencumbered Property NOI from a single tenant shall not exceed thirty percent (30 if the tenant has an Investment Grade Rating (or another comparable tenant reasonably approved by the Required Lenders for treatment as an investment grade tenant for the purpose of this provision) and twenty percent (20 for all other tenants; (iii) No single metropolitan statistical area shall comprise more than thirty-five percent (35 of the Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value; 
 - 119 - 

(iv) The percentage of the Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value attributable to Other Debt Investments shall not exceed seven and one half percent (7.5 or to First Mortgage Investments and Other Debt Investments in the aggregate shall not exceed thirty percent (30 ); (v) The Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value attributable to Exchange Debt Investments shall not exceed twelve and one half percent (12.5 ); (vi) The Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value attributable to Exchange Properties that are not 100 owned by the Exchange Depositor shall not exceed 600,000,000 ; and (vii) The Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value attributable to Unencumbered Properties located in Non-US Jurisdictions shall not exceed twenty percent (20 ). Any amounts in excess of the limitations above shall be disregarded for purposes of determining Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value and Unencumbered Property NOI, but shall not constitute a Default hereunder. 7.10 Exchange Property; Exchange Fee Titleholders . For purposes of calculation of the applicable financial covenants set forth in Section 7.09 , the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be given credit for Exchange Properties and properties held by an Exchange Fee Titleholder pursuant to an exchange that qualifies, qualified or is intended to qualify as a reverse exchange under Section 1031 of the Code (including in the event any such property is subject to a mortgage in favor of, or for the benefit of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) as described herein. 7.11 Changes to Advisory Agreement . Except to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 7.06(a) above, amend, supplement or otherwise modify in any material respect the Advisory Agreement on terms which are materially less favorable to the Trust than the terms prior to such amendment or supplement (considering all such amendments and supplements taken as a whole) without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). Solely for purposes of Section 7.06(a)-(d) , the Advisory Agreement shall be considered an agreement with an Affiliate. 7.12 Sanctions . Directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person (a) to fund any activities or business in any Designated Jurisdiction, (b) to fund any activities of or business with any Person that is located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or (c) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person, participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 7.13 Anti-Corruption Laws . Directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions . 
 - 120 - 

ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 8.01 Events of Default . Any of the following shall constitute an event of default (each an Event of Default ): (a) Non-Payment . The Company or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein and in the currency required hereunder (taking into account Section 2.12(a) ), any amount of principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation, or (ii) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within five days after written notice of such failure , any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or (b) Specific Covenants . (i) The Company or any other Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.04 (with respect to the Company s existence), 6.10 , 7.02 , 7.03 , 7.04 , 7.05 , 7.06 , 7.09 or 7.12 or (ii) any Guarantor fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in the applicable Guaranty or the Company fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 7.01 or 7.08 and, in each case, such failure continues for 15 days after the Company s knowledge of such failure; or (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after written notice from the Administrative Agent provided that such period shall be extended for up to an additional 30 days so long as such breach is reasonably susceptible of cure within such additional period and the Company diligently and in good faith continues to attempt to cure such breach; or (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered by or on behalf of the Company or any other Loan Party pursuant to the requirements contained herein, shall be materially incorrect or materially misleading when made or deemed made; or (e) Cross-Default . Any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or an event or condition has occurred at the time of the determination of default under this clause (e) that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided, that this clause (e) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness; or (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues 
 - 121 - 

undischarged or unstayed for 90 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 90 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or (g) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment . (i) The Company or any Loan Party becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy; or (h) Judgments . There is entered against the Company or any Loan Party (i) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders) exceeding 25,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 60 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise is not in effect, but only if the Company or the applicable party has not paid such judgment or otherwise set aside such judgment within 30 days after the commencement of enforcement proceedings; or (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) the Company or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of 25,000,000; or (j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document; or (k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control. 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan 
 - 122 - 

Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower; (c) require that the Borrowers Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and (d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under the Loan Documents; provided, however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrowers to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 8.03 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.16 and 2.17 , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III then due and payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) then due and payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender or any L/C Issuer) and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations then due and payable, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; Fifth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuers, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrowers pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.16 ; and 
 - 123 - 

Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations then due and payable have been paid in full, to the Company or as otherwise required by Law. Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and 2.16 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 9.01 Appointment and Authority . Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, and neither the Company nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 9.02 Rights as a Lender . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial, advisory, underwriting or other business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or to provide notice or consent of the Lenders with respect thereto. 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions . The Administrative Agent or the Arrangers, as applicable, shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers, as applicable, and its Related Parties: (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; (b) may, but shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in 
 - 124 - 

writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its reasonable opinion or the reasonable opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or Applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent, Arrangers or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein; (d) shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. Except for knowledge of a Default under Section 8.01(a) , the Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Company, a Lender or an L/C Issuer; and (e) shall not be responsible for or have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any other Person to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent; 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance 
 - 125 - 

with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the written advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 9.05 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article IX shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 9.06 Resignation or Removal of Administrative Agent . (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Company. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the reasonable consent of the Company so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. If the initial Administrative Agent at any time is no longer a Lender then the Administrative Agent will upon the request of the Company made with the consent of the Required Lenders, which the Company may make so long as no Event of Default exists and is continuing, resign as Administrative Agent in which event a new Administrative Agent shall be appointed in accordance with the terms hereof. (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, or if there is cause (which shall be gross negligence or willful misconduct by such Person), the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Company and such Person, remove such Person as Administrative 
 - 126 - 

Agent and, with the reasonable consent of the Company so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. (c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents arising from and after such date (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(i) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06 ). The fees payable by the Company to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent, and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity as Administrative Agent hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. (d) Any resignation or removal of by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.06 shall also constitute its resignation or removal as an L/C Issuer. If Bank of America resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) . Upon the appointment by the Company of a successor L/C Issuer hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, (b) the retiring or removed L/C Issuer shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, 
 - 127 - 

and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 9.07 Non-Reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Other Lenders . Each Lender and each L/C Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent nor any Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent or any Arranger hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or any Arranger to any Lender or any L/C Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or any Arranger have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties possession. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent and each Arranger that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrowers hereunder. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or an L/C Issuer for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L/C Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Bookrunners, Arrangers, Syndication Agents or Documentation Agents listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an L/C Issuer hereunder. 
 - 128 - 

9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(i) and (j) , 2.09 and 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04 . Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any L/C Issuer in any such proceeding. 9.10 Lender Reply Period . All communications from the Administrative Agent to Lenders requesting Lenders determination, consent or approval (i) shall be given in the form of a written notice to each Lender, (ii) shall be accompanied by a description of the matter as to which such determination, consent or approval is requested, (iii) shall include a legend substantially as follows, printed in capital letters or boldface type: THIS COMMUNICATION REQUIRES IMMEDIATE RESPONSE. FAILURE TO RESPOND WITHIN TEN (10) BUSINESS DAYS AFTER THE DELIVERY OF THIS COMMUNICATION SHALL CONSTITUTE A DEEMED APPROVAL BY THE ADDRESSEE OF THE MATTER DESCRIBED ABOVE. and (iv) shall include Administrative Agent s recommended course of action or determination in respect thereof. Each Lender shall reply promptly to any such request, but in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the delivery of such request by the Administrative Agent (the Lender Reply Period ). Unless a Lender shall give written notice to the Administrative Agent that it objects to the recommendation or determination of Administrative Agent (together with a written 
 - 129 - 

explanation of the reasons behind such objection) within the Lender Reply Period, such Lender shall be deemed to have approved of or consented to such recommendation or determination. With respect to decisions requiring the approval of the Required Lenders or all Lenders, Administrative Agent shall timely submit any required written notices to all Lenders and upon receiving the required approval or consent shall follow the course of action or determination recommended by Administrative Agent or such other course of action recommended by the Required Lenders or all of the Lenders, as the case may be, and each non-responding Lender shall be deemed to have concurred with such recommended course of action. Nothing in this Section 9.10 shall restrict the Administrative Agent from requesting a reply to a request for an approval in less than ten Business Days but the deemed approval provided in this Section 9.10 shall not apply until the expiration of a ten Business Day period. 9.11 Certain ERISA Matters . (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 - 130 - 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a) , such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 9.12 Recovery of Erroneous Payments . Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by any Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in Same Day Funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the applicable Overnight Rate. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. . 9.13 Guaranty Matters . Without limiting the provisions of Section 9.09 , the Lenders and the L/C Issuers irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.13 . ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 10.01 Amendments, Etc. Subject to Section 2.02(g) , Section 3.03 and the last paragraph of this Section 10.01 , no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other 
 - 131 - 

Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Company or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: (a) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender; (b) without limiting the generality of clause (a) above, waive, amend or modify any condition set forth in Section 4.02 as to any Credit Extension under a particular Facility without the written consent of the Required Revolving Lenders, the Required Term A-1 Lenders, the Required Term A-2 Lenders or the Required Tranche Lenders, as the case may be; (c) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender; (d) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (except as provided in Section 2.14 ); (e) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iii) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided, however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary (i) to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate or (ii) to amend or waive any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or L/C Borrowing or to reduce any fee payable hereunder; (f) (i) modify Section 2.13 or 8.03 or any other provision hereof in a manner that would have the effect of altering the ratable reduction of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments otherwise required hereunder or (ii) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating, the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness or other obligation, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender ; provided , that with the consent of the Required Lenders, such terms and provisions may be amended on customary terms in connection with an amend and extend transaction, but only if all Lenders that consent to such amend and extend transaction are treated on a pro rata basis; (g) change the definition of Applicable Percentage or Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage (h) change (i) any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder (other than the definitions specified in clause (ii) of this Section 10.01(h) ), without the written consent of each Lender or (ii) the definition of Required Revolving Lenders , 
 - 132 - 

Required Term A-1 Lenders , Required Term A-2 Lenders or Required Tranche Lenders without the written consent of each Lender under the applicable Facility or Tranche; (i) release the Trust as a Guarantor or, except as permitted by Section 6.13 , release all or substantially all of the Subsidiary Guarantors without the written consent of each Lender; (j) release (i) the Company (from its obligations as a Borrower or as a Guarantor hereunder) or (ii) any Designated Borrower, except in connection with the termination of a Designated Borrower s status as such under Section 2.19 , without the consent of each Lender; (k) amend Section 1.09 or the definition of Alternative Currency without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; or (l) impose any greater restriction on the ability of any Lender under a Facility or Tranche to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the written consent of (i) if such Facility is the Term A-1 Facility, the Required Term A-1 Lenders, (ii) if such Facility is the Term A-2 Facility, the Required Term A-2 Lenders, (iii) if such Facility is the Revolving Credit Facility, the Required Revolving Lenders, and (iv) if with respect to a Tranche, the Required Tranche Lenders; and, provided further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuers in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuers under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, (x) affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (y) modify, change, waive or consent to any departure from, or have the effect of modifying, changing, waiving or consenting to any departure from, Section 3.03 , any term defined in such section, any term defined in any other section or provision in this Agreement relating to SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, any Alternative Currency Daily Rate, any Alternative Currency Term Rate, any Relevant Rate or any Successor Rate, or any term or provision relating to the replacement of any such rate or Successor Rate; (iii) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto; and (iv) the term L/C Commitment may be amended pursuant to a fully executed (and delivered to the Administrative Agent) Notice of Additional L/C Issuer. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) any amendment that would extend the Maturity Date with respect to Loans or Commitments, provide for any increased pricing (including fees) for any Lenders agreeing to extend their Loans or Commitments pursuant to the terms of such amendment and any corresponding modifications under this Agreement related thereto may be effected pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Company, the Administrative Agent, and the extending Lenders; (ii) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) 
 - 133 - 

the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended or the maturity of any of its Loans may not be extended (except as provided in Section 2.14 ), the rate of interest on any of its Loans may not be reduced and the principal amount of any of its Loans may not be forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment, consent or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; (iii) this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders and L/C Issuers affected thereby to amend the definition of Alternative Currency or Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate or Section 1.09 solely to add additional currency options and the applicable interest rate with respect thereto, in each case solely to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 1.09 ; (iv) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended or amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment or amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended or amended and restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated, such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement; (v) this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Company (i) to add one or more additional term loan facilities to this Agreement subject to the limitations in Section 2.15 and to permit the extensions of credit and all related obligations and liabilities arising in connection therewith from time to time outstanding to share ratably (or on a basis subordinated to the existing Facilities hereunder) in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the obligations and liabilities from time to time outstanding in respect of the existing Facilities hereunder, and (ii) in connection with the foregoing, to permit, as deemed appropriate by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders providing such additional credit facilities to participate in any required vote or action required to be approved by the Required Lenders or by any other number, percentage or class of Lenders hereunder; (vi) the Administrative Agent and the Company may, without the consent of any Lender or any Loan Party then party hereto, amend this Agreement to add a Designated Borrower pursuant to a Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement and Designated Borrower Notice; (vii) if the Administrative Agent and the Company acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including the schedules and exhibits thereto), then the Administrative Agent and the Company shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error 
 - 134 - 

or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication . (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: (i) if to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 ; and (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Company). Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b) . (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Company may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon actual receipt or the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) , if such notice, email or other 
 - 135 - 

communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. (c) The Platform . Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and L/C Issuers materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of such Borrowers hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the borrower materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, or another similar electronic transmission system (the Platform ). THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Borrower, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Company s, any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). (d) Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Company, the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders . The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic notices, Committed Loan Notices, and Letter of Credit Applications) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrowers shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities 
 - 136 - 

resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower and reasonably relied on by such Person. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement . No failure by any Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided and provided under each other Loan Document are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuers; provided, however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any L/C Issuer from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) , (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . (a) Costs and Expenses . The Company shall pay all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses (i) incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable and documented out of pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) customarily incurred by the L/C Issuers in connection with the issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, provided that such expenses are customarily charged in connection with the issuance of the Letters of Credit and (iii) incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer (including and limited to the fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel for the Administrative 
 - 137 - 

Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers; provided , that in the event of a conflict between such outside counsel and the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer, the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of one additional outside counsel engaged in respect of such conflict shall be paid by the Company), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 10.04 , or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. (b) Indemnification by the Company . The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Company or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby including, the Indemnitee s reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Company or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE ; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, (y) result from a claim brought by the Company or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Company or such other Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (z) result from a claim not involving an act or omission of the Company or any other Loan Party and that is brought by an Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than against the Administrative Agent or the co-lead arrangers in their capacities as such). This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes, other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 - 138 - 

(c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Company for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), any L/C Issuer or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, and without limiting the Company s obligation to do so, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such L/C Issuer, or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), or such L/C Issuer in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no Borrower shall assert, and each Borrower hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor. (f) Survival . The agreements in this Section 10.04 and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 10.05 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and each L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) 
 - 139 - 

of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 10.06 Successors and Assigns . (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Company nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section 10.06 , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans (including for purposes of this subsection (b) , participations in L/C Obligations) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: (i) Minimum Amounts . (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment under any Facility and/or the Loans at the time owing to it (in each case with respect to any Facility) or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section 10.06 , the aggregate amount of the Commitments (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000 (and in integral multiples of 1,000,000 in excess thereof) unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, 
 - 140 - 

however , that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single Eligible Assignee will be treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met. (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitments assigned; (iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.06 and, in addition: (A) the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed provided that it shall not be unreasonable for the Company to withhold its consent to an assignment to a direct competitor of the Company, the Guarantors or any Affiliates of any thereof) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof; (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of (1) any Term A-1 Commitment, Term A-2 Commitment or Revolving Credit Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment in respect of the applicable Facility, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender or (2) any Term A-1 Loan or Term A-2 Loan to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and (C) the consent of each L/C Issuer shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding); and (D) the consent of each L/C Issuer shall be required for any assignment in respect of a Dollar Tranche Commitment. (iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500; provided, however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Company or any of the Company s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B) , or 
 - 141 - 

(C) to a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural persons). (vi) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph (vi) , then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 10.06 , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Lender as a Defaulting Lender. No Person that acquires any interest in any rights or obligations of any Lender under this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.06(b) shall be entitled to receive any greater payments or greater benefits under Section 3.01 with respect to such interest than were available on the date of assignment to the assigning or transferring Lender from whom such Person acquired such interest (or, if there is a Change in Law occurring after the date such Person acquires such interest, no greater payments or greater benefits than would have been available to the assigning or transferring Lender under Sections 3.01 and 3.04 following such Change in Law if no such transfer or assignment had occurred). Upon request, the applicable Borrowers (at their expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection (b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such 
 - 142 - 

Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 . (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Lender as a Defaulting Lender. The Register shall be available for inspection by any Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, but with five (5) days prior notice (unless an Event of Default exists) to the Company and the Administrative Agent (the Participation Notice ), sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural persons, a Defaulting Lender or the Company or any of the Company s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or any direct competitor of the Company, Guarantors or any Affiliates of any thereof, if but only if the Company notifies the applicable Lender within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the Participation Notice that the proposed participant is a direct competitor of the Company, Guarantors or any Affiliates of any thereof; unless in each case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and/or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. The Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility for monitoring the notice requirement set forth above in this provision. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. The Company agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 10.06 (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(g) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest 
 - 143 - 

by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 ; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive (or, if there is a Change in Law occurring after the date such Participant acquires such interest, shall not be entitled to receive any greater payments under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 than would have been available to the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation following such Change in Law if no such transfer had occurred). Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Company s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. (f) Resignation as L/C Issuer after Assignment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America or any L/C Issuer assigns all of its Revolving Credit Commitment and Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, may, upon 30 days notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer. In the event of any such resignation as an L/C Issuer, the Company shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer hereunder; provided, however , that no failure by the Company to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America or the applicable L/C Issuer, as an L/C Issuer. If Bank of America or the applicable L/C Issuer resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to 
 - 144 - 

Section 2.03(c) ). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America or the applicable retiring L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America or the applicable retiring L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, its auditors and its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by Applicable Law or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e to the extent necessary i n connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.07 , to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.15(c) or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to any of the Borrowers and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder, (ii) the provider of any Platform or other electronic delivery service used by the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer to deliver Information or notices to the Lenders hereunder or (iii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the application, issuance, publishing and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h)with the consent of the Company or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.07 , (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company which source did not acquire such information as a result of a breach of this Section 10.07 or (z) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from the Company or violating the terms of this Section 10.07 . In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. For purposes of this Section 10.07 , Information means all information received in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereunder and thereunder by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer from or on behalf of the Company, Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC or any of its or their respective affiliates or any joint venture or joint venture partner (each a Borrower Related Party relating to the Trust, any of its subsidiaries, any of its joint ventures or joint venture partners, Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC (solely in its capacity as advisor under the Advisory 
 - 145 - 

Agreement) or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by a Borrower Related Party, provided that, in the case of information received from a Borrower Related Party after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.07 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with Applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws. 10.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, such L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Company or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Company or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, L/C Issuer or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Company or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or such L/C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided , that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section 10.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Company and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Company. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, 
 - 146 - 

such Person may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 10.10 Integration; Effectiveness . This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder (other than unasserted contingent obligations) sh all remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 10.12 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 10.13 Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Company is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if a single Lender has given notice pursuant to Section 3.02 or is unable to determine or provide Term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, any Alternative Currency Daily Rate or any Alternative Currency Term Rate under Section 3.03 , as applicable (it being agreed that if multiple Lenders have given that notice or are unable to determine or provide Term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, any Alternative Currency Daily Rate or any Alternative Currency Term Rate, then the right to replace for that reason shall 
 - 147 - 

not apply), or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or if any Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender (for greater clarity, a Lender whose consent was not obtained, in the case of any proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent) and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: (a) the Company shall have paid (or caused a Designated Borrower to pay) to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) ; (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to 100 of the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Sections 3.04 and 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (or applicable Designated Borrower) (in the case of all other amounts); (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; (d) such assignment does not conflict with Applicable Law; and (e) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply for reasons other than that such Lender is not owed any compensation under Section 3.04 because the Company (or applicable Designated Borrower) has paid it, or the Company is no longer required to pay any additional amount to such Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 because all such amounts have been paid by the Company (or applicable Designated Borrower). Each party hereto agrees that (a) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 10.13 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided , further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 - 148 - 

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.13 to the contrary, (i) any Lender that acts as an L/C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such Lender (including the furnishing of a backstop standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer, reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer or the depositing of cash collateral into a cash collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer) have been made with respect to such outstanding Letter of Credit and (ii) the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.06 . 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTION 5-1401 AND SECTION 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . THE COMPANY AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, ANY L/C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE COMPANY OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . THE COMPANY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
 - 149 - 

APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION 10.14 . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.15 . 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Company acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Company, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders on the other hand, (B) each of the Company and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Company and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Company, any other Loan Party, or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, any Arranger nor and Lender has any obligation to the Company, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, the other Loan 
 - 150 - 

Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, any Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Company, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, the Company and each other Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 10.17 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts . This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent, each of the Lender Parties and each of the Loan Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent nor any L/C Issuer is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and/or any Lender Party without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any Lender Party or any Loan Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any L/C Issuer shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document in connection with the Administrative Agent s or the L/C Issuers reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means. The Administrative Agent and L/C Issuers shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting in good faith upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it in good faith to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise 
 - 151 - 

authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Lender Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the Patriot Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Company and the other Loan Parties, which information includes, but is not limited to, the name and address of the Company and each other Loan Party, a Beneficial Ownership Certification, and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Company and each other Loan Party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation prior to closing this Facility. The Company and each other Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 10.19 Time of the Essence . Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents. 10.20 ENTIRE AGREEMENT . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 10.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 - 152 - 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 10.22 Amendment and Restatement . (a) On the Closing Date, the commitment of each lender that is a party to the Existing Credit Agreement but is not a party to this Agreement (a Exiting Lender will be terminated, all outstanding obligations owing to the Exiting Lenders will be repaid in full and each Exiting Lender will cease to be a Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement and will not be a Lender under this Agreement. As of the Closing Date, the remaining Lenders under (and as defined in) the Existing Credit Agreement shall be Lenders under this Agreement with Commitments as set forth on Schedule 2.01A hereto and by its execution and delivery of this Agreement, each such Lender hereby consents to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and to the non-pro rata reduction of commitments occurring on the Closing Date as a result of the termination of the commitments of the Exiting Lenders, and the concurrent repayment in full of all loans and other obligations owing (whether or not due) to the Exiting Lenders. On the Closing Date, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended, restated and superseded in its entirety by this Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, whether executed and delivered in connection herewith or otherwise, do not constitute a novation, payment and reborrowing, or termination of the rights, obligations and liabilities of the respective parties (including the Obligations) existing under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Closing Date and (b) such obligations are in all respects continuing (as amended and restated hereby) with only the terms thereof being modified as provided in this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing (i) all Revolving Credit Loans and Term Loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall on the Closing Date become Revolving Credit Loans and Term A-1 Loans, as the case may be, hereunder, (ii) all Existing Letters of Credit shall on the Closing Date become Letters of Credit hereunder and (iii) all other Obligations outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall on the Closing Date be Obligations under this Agreement. To the extent the Existing Credit Agreement provides that certain terms survive the termination of the Existing Credit Agreement or survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable thereunder, then such terms shall survive the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement. (b) On the Closing Date, the original notes, if any, held by each Lender relating to the Existing Credit Agreement (each, an Original Note shall be deemed to be cancelled and, if such Lender has requested a Revolving Credit Note or a Term A-1 Note hereunder, amended and restated by the Revolving Credit Note or Term A-1 Note, as applicable, delivered hereunder on or about the Closing Date (regardless of whether any Lender shall have delivered to the Company for cancellation the Original Note held by it). Each Lender, whether or not requesting a Revolving Credit Note or Term A-1 Note hereunder, shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver 
 - 153 - 

the Original Notes held by it to the Company for cancellation and/or amendment and restatement. All amounts owing under, and evidenced by, the Original Notes as of the Closing Date shall continue to be outstanding hereunder, and shall from and after the Closing Date, if requested by the Lender holding such Original Note(s), be evidenced by the Revolving Credit Notes, Term A -1 Notes and/or Term A-2 Notes, as applicable, and shall in any event be evidenced by, and governed by the terms of, this Agreement. Each Lender hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Loan Parties from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, actions or claims that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any Loan Party arising out of such Lender s failure to deliver the Original Notes held by it to the Company for cancellation, subject to the condition that the Company shall not make any payment to any Person claiming to be the holder of such Original Notes unless such Lender is first notified of such claim and is given the opportunity, at such Lender s sole cost and expense, to assert any defenses to such payment. 10.23 Special Provisions regarding Permitted Tax Incentive Transactions . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, any Lien created in connection with a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction solely to secure repayment of a bond, note or other obligation owned by the Company or a Subsidiary (or any affiliate thereof) shall be deemed a Permitted Encumbrance. In furtherance of the foregoing, (i) nothing in the definition of Property shall preclude a Tax Incentive Property under a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction from constituting Property; (ii) the definition of Subsidiary Owner shall include any Subsidiary that leases Tax Incentive Property pursuant to a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement under a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction; (iii) the definition of Guarantee Obligation shall exclude any obligation incurred by any Person pursuant to a Tax Incentive Guaranty so long as the Company or a Subsidiary is the holder of the bond, note or other obligation that is guaranteed; (iv) no Tax Incentive Lease Agreement entered into in connection with a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction shall constitute (or be deemed to constitute) Indebtedness or a Sale-Leaseback Master Lease; (v) the provisions of Section 6.12 and Section 6.13 with respect to any Subsidiary that owns any Unencumbered Property shall also apply to any Subsidiary that leases an Unencumbered Property that is a Tax Incentive Property pursuant to a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement, such that such Subsidiaries shall become Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; and (vi) the investment of any Subsidiary in bonds issued in connection with any Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction shall not constitute an Investment. For the avoidance of doubt, (a) any applicable amounts pursuant to subsections (i) and (ii) of the definition of Net Operating Income related to a third-party lease affecting any Tax Incentive Property shall be included in the calculation of Net Operating Income for such Tax Incentive Property, but interest income of any Subsidiary from bonds issued in connection with any Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction and related rent expense under any Tax Incentive Lease Agreement with respect to the applicable Tax Incentive Property shall be disregarded for purposes of calculating Net Operating Income for such Tax Incentive Property; (b) interest payable by any Subsidiary under Tax Incentive Indebtedness in connection with any Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction (to the extent such Subsidiary is also the owner or holder of the bonds issued in connection with such Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction) shall be excluded from the calculation of Recurring Interest Expense; (c) the calculation of Total Asset Value shall include the Property Value, Property Investment Value, unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents and any other amounts which would otherwise be included in the calculation of Total Asset Value with respect to any other Property, of any Tax Incentive Property, but the investment of any Subsidiary in bonds issued in connection with any Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction shall be excluded from any calculation 
 - 154 - 

of Total Asset Value; (d) the term Indebtedness shall not include any Tax Incentive Indebtedness (including pursuant to an Tax Incentive Guaranty) under any Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction; and (e) no Tax Incentive Indebtedness (including pursuant to a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement or a Tax Incentive Guaranty) shall constitute a liability for purposes of determining Consolidated Tangible Net Worth (but other liabilities that are current and payable to a party other than the Company or a Subsidiary in connection with the Tax Incentive Property such as indemnification obligations shall constitute a liability ). 10.24 Judgment Currency . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of each Loan Party in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Loan Party in the Agreement Currency, such Loan Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to such Loan Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under Applicable Law). 10.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States). (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the 
 - 155 - 

Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. (b) As used in this Section 10.25 , the following terms have the following meanings: BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). ARTICLE XI. CONTINUING GUARANTY 11.01 Guaranty. The Company and each Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary (the Borrower Guarantors ), jointly and severally with the other Guarantors, hereby absolutely and unconditionally guarantees, as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely as a guaranty of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of any and all of the Obligations, whether for principal, interest, premiums, fees, indemnities, damages, costs, expenses or otherwise, of the Borrowers to the Creditor Parties, and whether arising hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including all renewals, extensions, amendments and other modifications thereof and all costs, attorneys fees and expenses payable to the Creditor Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including Section 10.04(a) , or any other Loan Document); provided that the liability of each Borrower Guarantor that is a Designated Borrower individually with respect to this Borrower Guaranty shall be limited to an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any comparable provisions of any applicable state law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations shall include any such indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities, or portion thereof, which may be or hereafter become unenforceable or compromised or shall be an allowed or disallowed claim under any proceeding or case commenced by or against any Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws. The Administrative Agent s books and records showing the amount of the Obligations shall be 
 - 156 - 

admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon the Borrower Guarantors, and conclusive for the purpose of establishing the amount of the Obligations. This Borrower Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to the Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of any Borrower Guarantor under this Borrower Guaranty, and each Borrower Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the foregoing, other than the defense of payment in full of the Obligations. 11.02 Rights of Lenders . Each Borrower Guarantor consents and agrees that the Creditor Parties may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof: (a) amend, extend, renew, compromise, discharge, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Obligations or any part thereof; (b) take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise dispose of any security for the payment of any Guaranty or any Obligations; (c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders in their sole discretion may determine; and (d) release or substitute one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of any of the Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of the Borrower Guarantors under this Borrower Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as a discharge of one or more of the Borrower Guarantor. 11.03 Certain Waivers . Each Borrower Guarantor waives (a) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of any other Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other guarantor, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of any Creditor Party other than bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Credit Party) of the liability of any Borrower; (b) any defense based on any claim that any such Borrower Guarantor s obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of any Borrower; (c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Borrower Guarantor s liability hereunder; (d) any right to proceed against any Borrower or any other Loan Party, proceed against or exhaust any security for the Obligations, or pursue any other remedy in the power of any Creditor Party whatsoever until all of the Obligations and any amounts payable under this Borrower Guaranty have been paid and performed in full and the Commitments and the Facilities are terminated; (e) any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by any Creditor Party until all of the Obligations and any amounts payable under this Borrower Guaranty have been paid and performed in full and the Commitments and the Facilities are terminated; and (f) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by Applicable Law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties, other than the defense of payment in full of the Obligations. Each Borrower Guarantor expressly waives all setoffs and counterclaims and all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Obligations, and all notices of acceptance of this Borrower Guaranty or of the existence, creation or incurrence of new or additional Obligations. 
 - 157 - 

11.04 Obligations Independent . The obligations of each Borrower Guarantor hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent of the Obligations and the obligations of any other guarantor, and a separate action may be brought against any Borrower Guarantor to enforce this Borrower Guaranty whether or not any Borrower or any other Person or entity is joined as a party. For the avoidance of doubt, all obligations of each Borrower Guarantor under this Borrower Guaranty are joint and several obligations of all the Borrower Guarantors. 11.05 Subrogation . No Borrower Guarantor shall exercise any right of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or similar rights with respect to any payments it makes under this Borrower Guaranty until all of the Obligations and any amounts payable under this Borrower Guaranty have been paid and performed in full and the Commitments and the Facilities are terminated. If any amounts are paid to any Borrower Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Creditor Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Creditor Parties to reduce the amount of the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 11.06 Termination; Reinstatement . This Borrower Guaranty is a continuing, absolute, unconditional and irrevocable guaranty of all Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until all Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Borrower Guaranty are paid in full in cash and the Commitments and the Facilities with respect to the Obligations are terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Borrower Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower or any Guarantor is made, or any of the Creditor Parties exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Creditor Parties are in possession of or have released this Borrower Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction. The obligations of the Borrower Guarantors under this Section 11.06 shall survive termination of this Borrower Guaranty. 11.07 Subordination . Each Borrower Guarantor hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and indebtedness of any other Borrower owing to such Borrower Guarantor, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including but not limited to any obligation of any Borrower to such Borrower Guarantor as subrogee of the Creditor Parties or resulting from such Borrower Guarantor s performance under this Borrower Guaranty, to the payment in full in cash of all Obligations. No Borrower Guarantor will seek, accept, or retain for its own account any payment from any other Borrower on account of such subordinated debt from any other Borrower at any time when a Default exists, and any such payments to a Borrower Guarantor made while any Default then exists on account of such subordinated debt shall be collected and received by such Borrower Guarantor as trustee for the Creditor Parties and the proceeds thereof shall be paid over to the Creditor Parties on account of the Obligations, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of any Borrower Guarantor under this Borrower Guaranty. 11.08 Stay of Acceleration . If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Obligations is stayed, in connection with any case commenced by or against any Borrower Guarantor or any other Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise, all such amounts 
 - 158 - 

shall nonetheless be payable by the Borrower Guarantors immediately upon demand by the Creditor Parties. 11.09 Condition of Loan Parties . Each Borrower Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from the Loan Parties and any other guarantor such information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of the Loan Parties and any such other guarantor as such Borrower Guarantor requires, and that none of the Creditor Parties has any duty, and no Borrower Guarantor is relying on the Creditor Parties at any time, to disclose to such Borrower Guarantor any information relating to the business, operations or financial condition of any Loan Party or any other guarantor (such Borrower Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Creditor Parties to disclose such information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same). 11.10 Contribution . At any time a payment in respect of the Obligations is made under this Borrower Guaranty, the right of contribution of each Borrower Guarantor against each other Borrower Guarantor shall be determined as provided in the immediately following sentence, with the right of contribution of each Borrower Guarantor to be revised and restated as of each date on which a payment (a Relevant Payment is made on the Obligations under this Borrower Guaranty. At any time that a Relevant Payment is made by a Borrower Guarantor that results in the aggregate payments made by such Borrower Guarantor in respect of the Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment exceeding such Borrower Guarantor s Contribution Percentage (as defined below) of the aggregate payments made by all Borrower Guarantors in respect of the Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment (such excess, the Aggregate Excess Amount ), each such Borrower Guarantor shall have a right of contribution against each other Borrower Guarantor who either has not made any payments or has made payments in respect of the Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment in an aggregate amount less than such other Borrower Guarantor s Contribution Percentage of the aggregate payments made to and including the date of the Relevant Payment by all Borrower Guarantors in respect of the Obligations (the aggregate amount of such deficit, the Aggregate Deficit Amount in an amount equal to (x) a fraction the numerator of which is the Aggregate Excess Amount of such Borrower Guarantor and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Excess Amount of all Borrower Guarantors multiplied by (y) the Aggregate Deficit Amount of such other Borrower Guarantor. A Borrower Guarantor s right of contribution pursuant to the preceding sentences shall arise at the time of each computation, subject to adjustment at the time of each computation; provided , that no Borrower Guarantor may take any action to enforce such right until after all Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Borrower Guaranty are paid in full in cash and the Commitments are terminated, it being expressly recognized and agreed by all parties hereto that any Borrower Guarantor s right of contribution arising pursuant to this Section 11.10 against any other Borrower Guarantor shall be expressly junior and subordinate to such other Borrower Guarantor s obligations and liabilities in respect of the Obligations and any other obligations owing under this Borrower Guaranty. As used in this Section 11.10 , (i) each Borrower Guarantor s Contribution Percentage shall mean the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the Adjusted Net Worth (as defined below) of such Borrower Guarantor by (y) the aggregate Adjusted Net Worth of all Borrower Guarantors; (ii) the Adjusted Net Worth of each Borrower Guarantor shall mean the greater of (x) the Net Worth (as defined below) of such Borrower Guarantor and (y) zero; and (iii) the Net Worth of each Borrower Guarantor shall mean the amount by which the fair saleable value of such Borrower Guarantor s assets on the date of any Relevant Payment exceeds its existing debts and other liabilities (including contingent liabilities, 
 - 159 - 

but without giving effect to any Obligations arising under this Borrower Guaranty) on such date. Each of the Borrower Guarantors recognizes and acknowledges that the rights to contribution arising hereunder shall constitute an asset in favor of the party entitled to such contribution. In this connection, each Borrower Guarantor has the right to waive its contribution right against any Borrower Guarantor to the extent that after giving effect to such waiver such Borrower Guarantor would remain Solvent. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 - 160 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. [Signatures Intentionally Omitted] 

 [Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement] 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 are-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jeffrey W. Taylor, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 12, 2024 

/s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR 

Jeffrey W. Taylor Partner, Co-President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 are-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Taylor M. Paul, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

2 

November 12, 2024 

/s/ TAYLOR M. PAUL 

Taylor M. Paul Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 are-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Executive Officer In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey W. Taylor, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 12, 2024 

/s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR 

Jeffrey W. Taylor Partner, Co-President (Principal Executive Officer) 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Taylor M. Paul, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 12, 2024 

/s/ TAYLOR M. PAUL 

Taylor M. Paul Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 11
 are-20240930xex99d1.htm
 EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT VALUATION ADVISOR We hereby consent to the reference to our name and the description of our role in the valuation process described in the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Net Asset Value in Part I, Item 2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., being incorporated by reference in (i) the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-230311) of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., and the related prospectus, (ii) the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-194237) of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., and (iii) the Registration Statement on Form S-11 on Form S-3 (No. 333-252212) of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., and the related prospectus. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933. 

/s/ Altus Group U.S. Inc. 

Altus Group U.S. Inc. 

November 12, 2024 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 are-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 are-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 are-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 are-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

