<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1404912_0001404912-24-000029.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>50824493</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>565242</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4328246</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>27909355</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8065890</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8365608</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001404912-24-000029.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105161110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001404912-24-000029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		175
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KKR & Co. Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001404912
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				881203639
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34820
		FILM NUMBER:		241427576

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 HUDSON YARDS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-750-8300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 HUDSON YARDS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KKR & Co. L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070627

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001404912-24-000029.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 kkr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

kkr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the Transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 Telephone: ) 
 (Address, zip code, and telephone number, including 
 area code, of registrant's principal executive office.) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 4, 2024, there were shares of common stock of the registrant outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

KKR CO. INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (Unaudited) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 12 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 13 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 15 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 18 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 111 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 204 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 204 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 205 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 205 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 205 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 205 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 206 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 206 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 206 
 SIGNATURES 
 208 

2 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as "outlook," "believe," "think," "expect," "potential," "continue," "may," "should," "seek," "approximately," "predict," "intend," "will," "plan," "estimate," "anticipate," visibility , positioned , path to , conviction , the negative version of these words, other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. Without limiting the foregoing, statements regarding KKR s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, including capital invested, uncalled commitments, cash and short-term investments, and levels of indebtedness; the potential for future business growth; outstanding shares of common stock of KKR Co. Inc. and its capital structure; non-GAAP and segment measures and performance metrics, including assets under management AUM ), fee paying assets under management FPAUM ), Adjusted Net Income, Total Operating Earnings, Total Segment Earnings, Fee Related Earnings ("FRE"), Insurance Operating Earnings, Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings, Total Investing Earnings, and Total Segment Earnings; the declaration and payment of dividends on capital stock of KKR Co. Inc.; the timing, manner and volume of repurchase of shares of common stock of KKR Co. Inc.; our statements regarding the potential of, and future financial results from, KKR s Strategic Holdings segment (including expectations about dividend payments from companies and businesses in the Strategic Holdings segment in the future, the future growth of such companies and businesses, the potential for compounding earnings over a long period of time from such segment, and the belief that such segment is an unconstrained business line); KKR s ability to grow its AUM, to deploy capital, to realize unrealized investment appreciation, and the time period over which such events may occur; KKR s ability to manage the investments in and operations of acquired companies and businesses; the effects of any transactional activity on KKR s operating results, including pending sales of investments; expansion and growth opportunities and other synergies resulting from acquisitions of companies (including the acquisition of Global Atlantic and businesses in our Strategic Holdings segment), internal reorganizations or strategic partnerships with third parties; the timing and expected impact to our business of any new investment fund, vehicle or product launches; the timing and completion of certain transactions contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement entered into on October 8, 2021 by KKR Co. Inc. pursuant to which the parties agreed to undertake a series of integrated transactions to effect a number of transformative structural and governance changes in the future; the implementation or execution of, or results from, any strategic initiatives, including efforts to access private wealth investors and the modification of our compensation framework announced on November 29, 2023, which decreased the targeted percentage of compensation from fee related revenues and increased the targeted percentage from realized carried interest and incentive fees. Forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements or cause the anticipated benefits and synergies from transactions to not be realized. We believe these factors include those described in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (our "Annual Report"). These factors should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. 

CERTAIN TERMS USED IN THIS REPORT 
 In this report, references to "KKR," "we," "us" and "our" refer to KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries, including The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC ("TGAFG" and, together with its insurance companies and other subsidiaries, "Global Atlantic"), unless the context requires otherwise. 
 References to the Series I preferred stockholder or KKR Management are to KKR Management LLP, the holder of the sole outstanding share of our Series I preferred stock. References to our senior principals are to our senior employees who hold interests in the Series I preferred stockholder, including Mr. Henry Kravis and Mr. George Roberts (our "Co-Founders"). References to "principals" are to our current and former employees who formerly held interests ("KKR Holdings Units") in KKR Holdings L.P. ("KKR Holdings"), which we acquired on May 31, 2022, pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement, as discussed below. References to carry pool participants are to our current and former employees who hold interests in our carry pool, which refers to the carried interest generated by KKR s business that is allocated to KKR Associates Holdings L.P. Associates Holdings ), in which carry pool participants are limited partners. Associates Holdings is currently not a subsidiary of KKR Co. Inc. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

KKR Group Partnership L.P. ("KKR Group Partnership") is the intermediate holding company that owns the entirety of KKR s business. Unless otherwise indicated, references to equity interests in KKR s business, or to percentage interests in KKR s business, reflect the aggregate equity interests in KKR Group Partnership, and are net of amounts that have been allocated to carry pool participants and any other holders of minority interests in KKR Group Partnership. References to KKR Group Partnership for periods prior to January 1, 2020 refer to KKR Fund Holdings L.P., KKR Management Holdings L.P. and KKR International Holdings L.P., collectively, which were combined on that date to form KKR Group Partnership. References to a KKR Group Partnership Unit refer to (i) one Class A partner interest in each of KKR Fund Holdings L.P., KKR Management Holdings L.P. and KKR International Holdings L.P., collectively, for periods prior to prior to January 1, 2020, and (ii) one Class A partner interest in KKR Group Partnership for periods on and after January 1, 2020. Exchangeable securities refers to securities that have the right to acquire KKR Group Partnership Units and to exchange them for our shares of common stock. As of the date of this report, our only outstanding exchangeable securities are (i) restricted holdings units issued through KKR Holdings II L.P. ("KKR Holdings II"), which are issued under the Amended and Restated KKR Co. Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2019 Equity Incentive Plan"), and (ii) restricted holdings units issued through KKR Holdings III L.P. ("KKR Holdings III"), which are not issued under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and are currently held by certain Global Atlantic employees who received 2.6 million units (a majority of which are unvested) in connection with the January 2, 2024 transaction described below. In the future, we may issue securities other than restricted holdings units that may constitute exchangeable securities. 
 On October 8, 2021, KKR entered into a Reorganization Agreement (the "Reorganization Agreement") with KKR Holdings, KKR Management, Associates Holdings, and the other parties thereto. Pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement, the parties agreed to undertake a series of integrated transactions to effect a number of transformative structural and governance changes, including (a) the acquisition by KKR of KKR Holdings and all of the KKR Group Partnership Units held by it (which as noted below was completed), (b) the future elimination of voting control by KKR Management and the Series I preferred stock held by it, (c) the future establishment of voting rights for all common stock on a one vote per share basis, including with respect to the election of directors, and (d) the future control of the carry pool by KKR. On May 31, 2022, KKR completed the acquisition of KKR Holdings and the 258.3 million KKR Group Partnership Units held by it, and in exchange KKR issued and delivered 266.8 million shares of common stock to our principals. On the "Sunset Date" (which will occur no later than December 31, 2026), KKR will cancel the Series I preferred stock, establish voting rights for all common stock on a one vote per share basis, and acquire control of the carry pool. For more information about the Reorganization Agreement, see Note 1 "Organization" in our financial statements included in this report. 
 KKR s asset management business is conducted by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P. and various other subsidiaries of KKR Co. Inc. other than Global Atlantic. KKR s insurance business is operated by Global Atlantic, which KKR acquired a majority controlling interest in on February 1, 2021 ("2021 GA Acquisition"). On January 2, 2024, KKR acquired the remaining minority interests of Global Atlantic held by third party co-investors and Global Atlantic employees in exchange for cash and securities exchangeable for shares of KKR Co. Inc. common stock (the 2024 GA Acquisition ). As of January 2, 2024, KKR owns 100.0 of Global Atlantic. KJR Management ("KJRM") is a Japanese real estate asset manager, which KKR acquired on April 28, 2022. 
 References to our "funds," "vehicles" or "investment vehicles" refer to a wide array of investment funds, vehicles and accounts that are advised, managed or sponsored by one or more subsidiaries of KKR, including collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs") and business development companies (each, a "BDC"), unless the context requires otherwise. These references do not include the investment funds, vehicles or accounts of any hedge fund partnership or any other third-party asset manager with which we have formed a strategic partnership or have acquired a minority ownership interest. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to fund investors or "investors in our investment vehicles" refers to the third-party investors in these funds and investment vehicles. References to strategic investor partnerships refers to separately managed accounts with certain investors, which typically have investment periods longer than our traditional funds and typically provide for investments across different investment strategies. References to hedge fund partnerships refers to strategic partnerships with third-party hedge fund managers in which KKR owns a minority stake. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, references in this report to our outstanding common stock on a fully exchanged and diluted basis reflect (i) actual shares of common stock outstanding, (ii) shares of common stock into which all outstanding shares of Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock were convertible (for periods prior to the date of its mandatory redemption, which occurred in September 2023), (iii) shares of common stock issuable pursuant to equity awards actually granted pursuant to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and (iv) shares of common stock issuances from exchangeable securities, including vested partnership interests in KKR Holdings III L.P. Our outstanding common stock on a fully exchanged and diluted basis does not include shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan for which equity awards have not yet been granted. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

In this report, the term "GAAP" refers to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We disclose certain financial measures in this report that are calculated and presented using methodologies other than in accordance with GAAP, including Adjusted Net Income, Total Asset Management Segment Revenues, Total Segment Earnings, Total Investing Earnings, Total Operating Earnings, FRE, Insurance Operating Earnings and Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings. We believe that providing these performance measures on a supplemental basis to our GAAP results is helpful to stockholders in assessing the overall performance of KKR's businesses. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as a substitute for similar financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We caution readers that these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the calculations of other investment managers, and as a result, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, where applicable, are included under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Segment Balance Sheet Measures Reconciliations to GAAP Measures." This report also uses the terms AUM, FPAUM and capital invested. You should note that our calculations of these and other operating metrics may differ from the calculations of other investment managers and, as a result, may not be comparable to similar metrics presented by other investment managers. These non-GAAP and operating metrics are defined in the section "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Segment and Non-GAAP Performance Measures Other Terms and Capital Metrics." 
 The use of any defined term in this report to mean more than one entity, person, security or other item collectively is solely for convenience of reference and in no way implies that such entities, persons, securities or other items are one indistinguishable group. For example, notwithstanding the use of the defined terms "KKR," "we" and "our" in this report to refer to KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries, each subsidiary of KKR Co. Inc. is a standalone legal entity that is separate and distinct from KKR Co. Inc. and any of its other subsidiaries. Any KKR entity (including any Global Atlantic entity) referenced herein is responsible for its own financial, contractual and legal obligations. Additionally, references to "including" are for the purpose of illustration and shall be read to mean "including without limitation" unless the context explicitly requires otherwise. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

KKR CO. INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION (UNAUDITED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents Investments Due from Affiliates Other Assets Insurance Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents Investments Reinsurance Recoverable Insurance Intangible Assets Other Assets Separate Account Assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Debt Obligations Due to Affiliates Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Insurance Policy Liabilities (market risk benefit liabilities: and , respectively.) 
 Debt Obligations Funds Withheld Payable at Interest Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Reinsurance Liabilities Separate Account Liabilities Total Liabilities 
 6 

Table of Contents 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 24) Stockholders' Equity Series I Preferred Stock, par value. share authorized, share issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Common Stock, par value. shares authorized, and shares, issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ("AOCI") ) ) Total KKR Co. Inc. Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests (See Note 22) Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

KKR CO. INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION (UNAUDITED) (CONTINUED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 
 The following presents the portion of the consolidated balances provided in the consolidated statements of financial condition attributable to consolidated variable interest entities ("VIEs"). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, KKR's consolidated VIEs consist primarily of (i) certain collateralized financing entities ("CFEs") holding collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs"), (ii) certain investment funds, and (iii) certain VIEs formed by Global Atlantic. The noteholders, creditors and equity holders of these VIEs have no recourse to the assets of any other KKR entity. 
 With respect to consolidated CFEs and certain investment funds, the following assets may only be used to settle obligations of these consolidated VIEs and the following liabilities are only the obligations of these consolidated VIEs and not generally to KKR. Additionally, KKR has no right to the benefits from, nor does KKR bear the risks associated with, the assets held by these VIEs beyond KKR's beneficial interest therein and any income generated from the VIEs. There are neither explicit arrangements nor does KKR hold implicit variable interests that would require KKR to provide any material ongoing financial support to the consolidated VIEs, beyond amounts previously committed to them, if any. 
 With respect to certain other VIEs consolidated by Global Atlantic, Global Atlantic has formed certain VIEs to either (i) hold investments, including fixed maturity securities, consumer and other loans, renewable energy, transportation and real estate, or (ii) to conduct certain reinsurance activities with third party commitments. These VIEs issue beneficial interests primarily to Global Atlantic s insurance companies. 
 September 30, 2024 Consolidated CFEs Consolidated Funds and Other Investment Vehicles Other VIEs Total Assets Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents Investments Other Assets Insurance Cash and Cash Equivalents Investments Other Assets Total Assets Liabilities Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Debt Obligations Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Insurance Debt Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Total Liabilities 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2023 Consolidated CFEs Consolidated Funds and Other Investment Vehicles Other VIEs Total Assets Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents Investments Other Assets Insurance Cash and Cash Equivalents Investments Other Assets Total Assets Liabilities Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Debt Obligations Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Insurance Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Total Liabilities 
 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

KKR CO. INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Fees and Other Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) Insurance Net Premiums Policy Fees Net Investment Income Net Investment-Related Gains (Losses) ) ) ) ) Other Income Total Revenues Expenses Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Compensation and Benefits Occupancy and Related Charges General, Administrative and Other Insurance Net Policy Benefits and Claims (including market risk benefit loss (gain) of , ), ) and ), respectively; remeasurement (gain) loss on policy liabilities: ), , ) and , respectively.) 
 Amortization of Policy Acquisition Costs Interest Expense Insurance Expenses General, Administrative and Other Total Expenses Investment Income (Loss) - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities Dividend Income Interest Income Interest Expense ) ) ) ) Total Investment Income (Loss) Income (Loss) Before Taxes Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income (Loss) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests ) ) ) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Dividends Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Common Stockholders Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Per Share of Common Stock Basic Diluted Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Basic Diluted 

See notes to financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

KKR CO. INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income (Loss) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax: Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Available-For-Sale Securities and Other ) ) Net effect of changes in discount rates and instrument-specific credit risk on policy liabilities ) ) Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments ) ) ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests ) ) ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. 

See notes to financial statements. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

KKR CO. INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Amounts Shares Amounts Shares Series I Preferred Stock Beginning of Period End of Period Common Stock Beginning of Period Clawback of Transfer Restricted Shares ) Exchange of KKR Restricted Holdings Units Private Placement Share Issuance Net Delivery of Common Stock (Equity Incentive Plans) End of Period Additional Paid-In Capital Beginning of Period Compensation Modification (See Note 19) Compensation Modification - Issuance of Holdings III Units (See Note 19) ) Net Delivery of Common Stock (Equity Incentive Plans) ) ) Equity-Based Compensation 2024 GA Acquisition - Issuance of Holdings III Units (See Note 1) ) Change in KKR Co. Inc.'s Ownership Interest - 2024 GA Acquisition Change in KKR Co. Inc.'s Ownership Interest (See Note 22 and 23) Tax Effects of Changes in Ownership and Other End of Period Retained Earnings Beginning of Period Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Common Stock Dividends and per share) 
 ) ) End of Period Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (net of tax) Beginning of Period ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Change in KKR Co. Inc.'s Ownership Interest - 2024 GA Acquisition ) Change in KKR Co. Inc.'s Ownership Interest (See Note 22) ) End of Period ) ) Total KKR Co. Inc. Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests (See Note 22) Total Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests (See Note 23) 

13 

Table of Contents 

KKR CO. INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Continued) 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Amounts Shares Amounts Shares Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Beginning of Period Conversion of Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) ) ) End of Period Series I Preferred Stock Beginning of Period End of Period Common Stock Beginning of Period Net Delivery of Common Stock (Equity Incentive Plans) Clawback of Transfer Restricted Shares ) ) Conversion of Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Repurchases of Common Stock ) ) ) ) End of Period Additional Paid-In Capital Beginning of Period (as previously reported for the prior period) Adoption of New Accounting Standard Beginning of Period (as revised for the prior period) Conversion of Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Excise Tax on Share Repurchases ) ) Net Delivery of Common Stock (Equity Incentive Plans) ) Repurchases of Common Stock ) ) Equity-Based Compensation Change in KKR Co. Inc.'s Ownership Interest (See Note 22) Tax Effects of Changes in Ownership and Other ) End of Period Retained Earnings Beginning of Period (as previously reported for the prior period) Adoption of New Accounting Standard Beginning of Period (as revised for the prior period) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Dividends and per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively) 
 ) ) Common Stock Dividends and per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively) 
 ) ) End of Period Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (net of tax) Beginning of Period (as previously reported for the prior period) ) ) Adoption of New Accounting Standard Beginning of Period (as revised for the prior period) ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Change in KKR Co. Inc.'s Ownership Interest (See Note 22) End of Period ) ) Total KKR Co. Inc. Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests (See Note 22) Total Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests (See Note 23) 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

KKR CO. INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net Income (Loss) Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash Provided (Used) by Operating Activities: Equity-Based and Other Non-Cash Compensation Net Realized (Gains) Losses - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) Change in Unrealized (Gains) Losses - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) Capital Allocation-Based (Income) Loss - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) Net Investment and Policy Liability-Related (Gains) Losses - Insurance Net Accretion and Amortization ) Interest Credited to Policyholder Account Balances (net of Policy Fees) - Insurance Other Non-Cash Amounts Cash Flows Due to Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: Reinsurance Transactions and Acquisitions, Net of Cash Provided - Insurance Change in Premiums, Notes Receivable and Reinsurance Recoverable, Net of Reinsurance Premiums Payable - Insurance Change in Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs - Insurance ) ) Change in Policy Liabilities and Accruals, Net - Insurance ) ) Change in Consolidation ) Change in Due from / to Affiliates ) Change in Other Assets ) Change in Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Investments Purchased - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) Proceeds from Investments - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Net Cash Provided (Used) by Operating Activities ) Investing Activities Purchases of Fixed Assets ) ) Investments Purchased - Insurance ) ) Proceeds from Investments - Insurance Other Investing Activities, Net - Insurance Net Cash Provided (Used) by Investing Activities ) ) Financing Activities Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Dividends ) Common Stock Dividends ) ) Distributions to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests ) ) Contributions from Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Distributions to Noncontrolling Interests ) ) Contributions from Noncontrolling Interests 2024 GA Acquisition - Cash consideration (See Note 1) ) Net Delivery of Common Stock (Equity Incentive Plans) ) ) Repurchases of Common Stock ) Proceeds from Debt Obligations Repayment of Debt Obligations ) ) Financing Costs Paid ) ) Additions to Contractholder Deposit Funds - Insurance Withdrawals from Contractholder Deposit Funds - Insurance ) ) Reinsurance Transactions, Net of Cash Provided - Insurance Other Financing Activity, Net - Insurance ) ) Net Cash Provided (Used) by Financing Activities 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash ) ) Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Beginning of Period Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, End of Period Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash are comprised of the following: Beginning of the Period Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Insurance Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Beginning of Period End of the Period Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Insurance Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, End of Period 

16 

Table of Contents 

KKR CO. INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) (CONTINUED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Payments for Interest Payments for Income Taxes Payments for Operating Lease Liabilities Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Non-Cash Contribution from Noncontrolling Interests Non-Cash Distribution to Noncontrolling Interests ) Debt Obligations - Net Gains (Losses), Translation and Other ) ) Right-of-Use Assets obtained in Exchange for new Operating Lease Liabilities Investments Acquired through Reinsurance Agreements Contractholder Deposit Funds Acquired through Reinsurance Agreements Change in Consolidation Investments - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) Investments - Insurance ) Other Assets ) Debt Obligations ) Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities ) Noncontrolling Interests ) Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests ) 
 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

KKR CO. INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 (All Amounts in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, and Except Where Noted) 
 
 1. 
 of the KKR Group Partnership Units. The remaining balance is held indirectly by KKR current and former employees through restricted holdings units representing an ownership interest in KKR Group Partnership Units, which may be exchanged for shares of common stock of KKR Co. Inc. ("exchangeable securities"). As limited partner interests, these KKR Group Partnership Units are non-voting and do not entitle anyone other than KKR to manage its business and affairs. KKR Group Partnership also has outstanding limited partner interests that provide for a carry pool provided by KKR Associates Holdings L.P. ("Associates Holdings"). 
 On January 2, 2024, KKR acquired the remaining minority interests of Global Atlantic held by third party co-investors and Global Atlantic employees in exchange for cash and securities exchangeable for shares of KKR Co. Inc. common stock (the 2024 GA Acquisition ). The purchase price paid by KKR was approximately billion in cash and approximately million in securities exchangeable for shares of KKR Co. Inc. common stock. Global Atlantic was consolidated prior to January 2, 2024 and consequently, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. At the time of the 2024 GA Acquisition, the carrying value of the noncontrolling interests held by third party co-investors and Global Atlantic employees in Global Atlantic was lower than the purchase price paid by KKR, which was determined by excluding unrealized losses on its available-for-sale portfolio and consistent with the calculation of the purchase price paid by KKR to acquire Global Atlantic in 2021. As such, this transaction resulted in a decrease in KKR Co. Inc. Stockholders Equity. 
 References to "KKR" in these financial statements refer to KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Global Atlantic, unless the context requires otherwise, especially in sections where "KKR" is intended to refer to the asset management and strategic holdings businesses only. References in these financial statements to "principals" are to KKR's current and former employees who held interests in KKR's business through KKR Holdings prior to the Reorganization Mergers (as defined below). References to "Global Atlantic" in these financial statements includes the insurance companies and other subsidiaries of Global Atlantic, which are consolidated by KKR. 
 Reorganization Agreement 
 On October 8, 2021, KKR entered into a Reorganization Agreement (the "Reorganization Agreement") with KKR Holdings L.P. ("KKR Holdings"), KKR Management LLP (which holds the sole outstanding share of Series I preferred stock), Associates Holdings, and the other parties thereto. Pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement, the parties agreed to undertake a series of integrated transactions to effect a number of transformative structural and governance changes, some of which were completed on May 31, 2022, and other changes to be completed in the future. On May 31, 2022, KKR completed the merger transactions ("Reorganization Mergers") contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement pursuant to which KKR acquired KKR Holdings (which changed its name to KKR Group Holdings L.P.) and all of the KKR Group Partnership Units held by it. 
 18 

vote per share basis, and 
 iii. KKR will acquire control of Associates Holdings, the entity providing for the allocation of carry proceeds to KKR employees, also known as the carry pool. 
 anniversary of the first date on which the death or permanent disability of both Mr. Henry Kravis and Mr. George Roberts (collectively, "Co-Founders") has occurred (or any earlier date consented to by KKR Management LLP in its sole discretion). In addition, KKR Management LLP agreed not to transfer its ownership of the sole share of Series I Preferred Stock, and, the changes to occur effective on the Sunset Date are unconditional commitments of the parties to the Reorganization Agreement. 
 19 

2. 

20 

21 

, or by investment fund, depending on the fund s vintage. For funds that closed after December 31, 2020 but before December 31, 2023, the carry pool percentage was fixed at . For funds that closed after June 30, 2017 but before December 31, 2020, the carry pool percentage was fixed at , and the carry pool percentage was fixed at for older funds that contributed to KKR's carry pool. Effective January 2, 2024, KKR is authorized to apply a carry pool percentage in excess of these fixed percentages of up to for all funds. 
 This increase to the carry pool percentage was approved by a majority of KKR's independent directors, and the carry pool percentage may not be increased above without the further approval of a majority of KKR's independent directors. For funds that closed after December 31, 2023, the carry pool percentage is fixed at . For funds that closed prior to December 31, 2023, the carry pool percentage is calculated at a fixed percentage of , or (depending on the fund s vintage) for carried interest realized up to a high water mark, which was established based on the unrealized carried interest balance that existed on January 2, 2024, plus an additional percentage amount up to based on a formulaic allocation, only if the unrealized carried interest balance at any period end exceeds the high water mark. This imposes a limitation of the carry pool allocation for such funds based on the amount of cumulative unrealized carried interest income earned subsequent to December 31, 2023. 
 For funds that closed before December 31, 2023, if the cumulative carried interest subsequent to December 31, 2023 is not sufficient to fund this formulaic allocation, the allocation of carried interest reverts to the carry pool percentage in effect before this modification. As such, upon modification of the carry pool percentage effective on January 2, 2024, the cumulative unrealized carried interest was not sufficient to fund the additional formulaic allocation percentage in excess of the pre-existing , and carry pool percentages, and therefore no incremental expense was recognized as of such date. The carry pool percentage applicable for all funds that closed prior to December 31, 2023 will not be less than their applicable carry pool percentages of , or prior to December 31, 2023, and will not be more than . The intent of this modification is that for all funds that closed prior to January 2, 2024, upon the final liquidation of each fund, realized carried interest distributed will equal the historical fund carry pool allocations up to the high water mark and only distributions of realized carried interest in excess of the high water mark will be distributed at percent if and only if the unrealized carried interest balance at any period end exceeds the high water mark. Under no circumstance would a distribution of carried interest exceed of the total allocable carried interest at any time. 
 KKR accounts for the carry pool as a compensatory profit-sharing arrangement in Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities within the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition in conjunction with the related carried interest income and it is recorded as compensation expense. The liability that is recorded in each period reflects the legal entitlement of Associates Holdings at each point in time should the total unrealized carried interest be realized at the value recorded at each reporting date. Upon a reversal of carried interest income, the related carry pool allocation, if any, is also reversed. Accordingly, such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. 
 
 22 

23 

3. 
 Fee Credits ) ) ) ) Transaction Fees Monitoring Fees Incentive Fees Expense Reimbursements Consulting Fees Fees and Other Carried Interest General Partner Capital Interest Total Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) Total Revenues 
 
 24 

4.) Credit (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Investments of Consolidated CFEs (1) 
 ) ) ) Real Assets (1) 
 ) ) Equity Method - Other (1) 
 Other Investments (1) 
 ) ) Foreign Exchange Forward Contracts and Options (2) 
 ) ) Securities Sold Short (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Other Derivatives (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Debt Obligations and Other (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Net Gains (Losses) From Investment Activities ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net Realized Gains (Losses) Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Total Net Realized Gains (Losses) Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Total Private Equity (1) 
 ) Credit (1) 
 ) ) ) Investments of Consolidated CFEs (1) 
 ) ) ) Real Assets (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Equity Method - Other (1) 
 Other Investments (1) 
 ) ) ) Foreign Exchange Forward Contracts and Options (2) 
 ) ) Securities Sold Short (2) 
 ) ) ) Other Derivatives (2) 
 ) ) Debt Obligations and Other (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Net Gains (Losses) From Investment Activities ) 
 (1) See Note 7 "Investments." 
 (2) See Note 8 "Derivatives" and Note 14 "Other Assets and Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities." 
 
 25 

5. 
 Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables Investments in Transportation and Other Leased Assets Investments in Renewable Energy Investments in Real Estate Short-term and Other Investment Income Income Assumed from Funds Withheld Receivable at Interest Policy Loans Income Ceded to Funds Withheld Payable at Interest ) ) ) ) Gross Investment Income Less Investment Expenses: Investment Management and Administration Transportation, Renewable Energy and Real-estate Asset Depreciation and Maintenance Interest Expense on Derivative Collateral and Repurchase Agreements ) Net Investment Income 
 26 

6.) ) ) ) Credit Loss Allowances on Available-for-sale Securities ) ) ) Credit Loss Allowances on Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables ) ) ) ) Allowances on Unfunded Commitments ) ) Impairment of Available-for-sale Fixed Maturity Debt Securities Due to Intent to Sell ) Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Fixed Maturity Securities Classified as Trading ) ) Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments Recognized under the Fair-value Option and Equity Investments ) ) ) Unrealized Losses on Real Estate Investments Recognized at Fair Value Under Investment Company Accounting ) ) ) ) Net (Losses) Gains on Derivative Instruments ) ) Realized (Losses) Gains on Funds Withheld at Interest Payable Portfolio ) Realized (Losses) Gains on Funds Withheld at Interest Receivable Portfolio ) ) ) Other Realized Gains (Losses) ) ) Net Investment-Related Losses ) ) ) ) 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 Available-for-sale fixed maturity securities 
 Initial Credit Loss Allowance Recognized on Securities with No Previously Recognized Allowance Accretion of Initial Credit Loss Allowance on PCD Securities Reductions due to Sales (or Maturities, Pay Downs or Prepayments) During the Period of Securities with a Previously Recognized Credit Loss Allowance ) ) ) ) ) ) Net Additions / Reductions for Securities with a Previously Recognized Credit Loss Allowance ) Balances Charged Off ) ) ) ) ) Balance, as of End of Period 
 27 

Initial Credit Loss Allowance Recognized on Securities with No Previously Recognized Allowance Accretion of Initial Credit Loss Allowance on PCD Securities Reductions due to Sales (or Maturities, Pay Downs or Prepayments) During the Period of Securities with a Previously Recognized Credit Loss Allowance ) ) ) ) ) ) Net Additions / Reductions for Securities with a Previously Recognized Credit Loss Allowance ) ) ) ) Balance, as of End of Period 
 Mortgage and other loan receivables 
 Net Provision (Release) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries of Amounts Previously Charged-off Balance, as of End of Period 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial Mortgage Loans Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer and Other Loan Receivables Total Commercial Mortgage Loans Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer and Other Loan Receivables Total Balance, as of Beginning of Period Net Provision (Release) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries of Amounts Previously Charged-off Balance, as of End of Period 
 Proceeds and gross gains and losses from voluntary sales 
 Gross Gains Gross Losses ) ) ) ) 
 28 

7. 
 Credit Investments of Consolidated CFEs Real Assets Equity Method - Other Equity Method - Capital Allocation-Based Income Other Investments Investments - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Fixed Maturity Securities, Available-for-sale, at Fair Value (1) 
 Mortgage and Other loan Receivables Fixed Maturity Securities, Trading, at Fair Value (2) 
 Other Investments Funds Withheld Receivable at Interest Policy Loans Equity Securities at Fair Value Investments - Insurance Total Investments 
 (1) Amortized cost of billion and billion, net of credit loss allowances of million and million, respectively. 
 (2) Amortized cost of billion and billion, respectively. Trading fixed maturity securities are held to back funds withheld payable at interest. The investment performance on these investments is ceded to third-party reinsurers. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no investments which represented greater than of total investments. 

29 

) U.S. State, Municipal and Political Subdivisions ) Corporate ) ) Residential Mortgage-backed Securities, or RMBS ) ) Commercial Mortgage-backed Securities, or CMBS ) ) Collateralized Bond Obligations, or CBOs ) ) CLOs ) ) Asset-Backed Securities, or ABSs ) ) Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) 
 (1) Represents the cumulative amount of credit impairments that have been recognized in the consolidated statements of operations (as net investment (losses) gains) or that were recognized as a gross-up of the purchase price of PCD securities. Amount excludes unrealized losses related to non-credit impairment. 
 (2) Includes credit loss allowances on purchase-credit deteriorated fixed-maturity securities of ) million. 
 Cost or Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses (1)(2) 
 Gross Unrealized Fair Value As of December 31, 2023 Gains Losses AFS Fixed Maturity Securities Portfolio by Type: U.S. Government and Agencies ) U.S. State, Municipal and Political Subdivisions ) Corporate ) ) RMBS ) ) CMBS ) ) CBOs ) ) CLOs ) ) ABSs ) ) Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) 
 (1) Represents the cumulative amount of credit impairments that have been recognized in the consolidated statements of operations (as net investment (losses) gains) or that were recognized as a gross-up of the purchase price of PCD securities. Amount excludes unrealized losses related to non-credit impairment. 
 (2) Includes credit loss allowances on purchase-credit deteriorated fixed-maturity securities of ) million. 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties, or Global Atlantic may have the right to put or sell the obligations back to the issuers. Structured securities are shown separately as they have periodic payments and are not due at a single maturity. 
 
 30 

Due After One Year Through Five Years Due After Five Years Through Ten Years Due After Ten Years Subtotal RMBS CMBS CBOs CLOs ABSs Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities 
 Securities in a continuous unrealized loss position 
 ) ) ) U.S. State, Municipal and Political Subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) CBOs ) ) ) CLOs ) ) ) ABSs ) ) ) Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities in a Continuous Loss Position ) ) ) 
 Less Than 12 months 12 months or More Total As of December 31, 2023 Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses AFS Fixed Maturity Securities Portfolio by Type: U.S. Government and Agencies ) ) ) U.S. State, Municipal and Political Subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) CBOs ) ) ) CLOs ) ) ) ABSs ) ) ) Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities in a Continuous Loss Position ) ) ) 
 31 

million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The single largest unrealized loss on AFS fixed maturity securities was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Global Atlantic had and securities in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, AFS fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more consisted of debt securities. These debt securities primarily relate to Corporate, RMBS, and U.S. state, municipal and political subdivisions fixed maturity securities, which have depressed values due primarily to an increase in interest rates since the purchase of these securities. Unrealized losses were not recognized in net income on these debt securities since Global Atlantic neither intends to sell the securities nor does it believe that it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their cost or amortized cost basis. For securities with significant declines in value, individual security level analysis was performed utilizing underlying collateral default expectations, market data and industry analyst reports. 
 Mortgage and other loan receivables 
 Residential Mortgage Loans (1) 
 Consumer Loans Other Loan Receivables (2) 
 Total Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables Allowance for Credit Losses (3) 
 ) ) Total Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables, Net of Allowance for Credit Losses 
 (1) Includes million and million of loans carried at fair value using the fair value option as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value option was elected for these loans for asset-liability matching purposes. These loans had unpaid principal balances of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, other loan receivables consisted primarily of renewable energy development loans, warehouse facility loans backed by agricultural mortgages, loans collateralized by aircraft and loans collateralized by residential mortgages of million, million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, other loan receivables consisted primarily of loans collateralized by aircraft and loans collateralized by residential mortgages of million and million, respectively. 
 (3) Includes credit loss allowances on purchase-credit deteriorated mortgage and other loan receivables of ) million and ) million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 Actual maturities could differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay (with or without prepayment penalties) and loans may be refinanced. 
 32 

Pacific Middle Atlantic West South Central Mountain New England East North Central East South Central West North Central Foreign and other regions Total by Geographic Region 
 Mortgage Loans Carrying Value by Property Type September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Residential Multi-family Industrial Office Building Other Property Types Retail Warehouse Total by Property Type 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Global Atlantic had million and million of mortgage loans that were 90 days or more past due or are in the process of foreclosure, respectively, and have been classified as non-income producing (non-accrual status). Global Atlantic ceases accrual of interest on loans that are more than 90 days past due or are in the process of foreclosure and recognizes income as cash is received. 

33 

) ) ) ) Current 30 to 59 Days Past Due 60 to 89 Days Past Due 90 days or More Past Due or in Process of Foreclosure Total Commercial Mortgage Loans Residential Mortgage Loans Gross Charge-offs for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Current 30 to 59 Days Past Due 60 to 89 Days Past Due 90 days or More Past Due or in Process of Foreclosure Total Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer Loans Gross Charge-offs for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Current 30 to 59 Days Past Due 60 to 89 Days Past Due 90 days or More Past Due or in Process of Foreclosure Total Consumer Loans Total Mortgage and Consumer Loan Receivables 
 34 

) ) ) Current 30 to 59 Days Past Due 60 to 89 Days Past Due 90 days or More Past Due or in Process of Foreclosure Total Commercial Mortgage Loans Residential Mortgage Loans Gross Charge-offs for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Current 30 to 59 Days Past Due 60 to 89 Days Past Due 90 days or More Past Due or in Process of Foreclosure Total Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer Loans Gross Charge-offs for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Current 30 to 59 Days Past Due 60 to 89 Days Past Due 90 days or More Past Due or in Process of Foreclosure Total Consumer Loans Total Mortgage and Consumer Loan Receivables 
 Loan-to-value ratio on mortgage loans 
 The loan-to-value ratio is expressed as a percentage of the current amount of the loan relative to the value of the underlying collateral. 
 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 35 

2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Total Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 Changing economic conditions and updated assumptions affect Global Atlantic's assessment of the collectibility of commercial mortgage loans. Changing vacancies and rents are incorporated into the analysis that Global Atlantic performs to measure the allowance for credit losses. In addition, Global Atlantic continuously monitors its commercial mortgage loan portfolio to identify risk. Areas of emphasis are properties that have exposure to specific geographic events or have deteriorating credit. 
 The weighted average loan-to-value ratio for Global Atlantic's residential mortgage loans was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Loan modifications 
 Global Atlantic may modify the terms of a loan when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, as a means to optimize recovery of amounts due on the loan. Modifications may involve temporary relief, such as payment forbearance for a short period time (where interest continues to accrue) or may involve more substantive changes to a loan. Changes to the terms of a loan, pursuant to a modification agreement, are factored into the analysis of the loan s expected credit losses, under the allowance model applicable to the loan. 
 For commercial mortgage loans, modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty are tailored for individual loans and may include interest rate relief, maturity extensions or, less frequently, principal forgiveness. For both residential mortgage loans and consumer loans, the most common modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, aside from insignificant delays in payment, typically involve deferral of missed payments to the end of the loan term, interest rate relief, or maturity extensions. 
 Residential Mortgage Loans (2) 
 Consumer Loans Total 
 (1) Includes modifications involving a combination of deferral of amounts due, interest rate relief, or maturity extension. 
 (2) Certain loans that were modified in prior periods have since been repaid in full. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 by Loan Type 
 Deferral of Amounts Due Interest Rate Relief Maturity Extension Combination (1) 
 Total Percentage of Total Carrying Value Outstanding Commercial Mortgage Loans Residential Mortgage Loans (2) 
 Consumer Loans Total 
 (1) Includes modifications involving a combination of deferral of amounts due, interest rate relief, or maturity extension. 
 (2) Certain loans that were modified in the prior periods have since been repaid in full. 
 36 

and , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The maturity extensions for these loans added a weighted-average of years and years to the life of the loans, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, Global Atlantic has commitments to lend additional funds of million for the modified commercial mortgage loans disclosed above. 
 Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer Loans Total (1) 
 
 (1) Loans may have been modified more than once during the twelve months period; in this circumstance, the loan is only included once in this table. In addition, certain loans that were modified in prior quarters have since been repaid in full. 
 Other investments 
 Investments in Transportation and Other Leased Assets (2) 
 Other Investment Funds and Partnerships Investments in Renewable Energy (3) 
 Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), Common Stock and Other Investments Total Other Investments 
 (1) Primarily comprised of investments in real estate that are held in consolidated investment companies that use fair value accounting. 
 (2) Net of accumulated depreciation of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Net of accumulated depreciation attributed to consolidated renewable energy assets of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The total amount of other investments accounted for using the equity method of accounting was billion and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Global Atlantic's maximum exposure to loss related to these equity method investments is limited to the carrying value of these investments plus unfunded commitments of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 In addition, Global Atlantic has investments that would otherwise require the equity method of accounting for which the fair value option has been elected. The carrying amount of these investments was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Repurchase agreement transactions 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Global Atlantic participated in repurchase agreements with a notional value of million and billion, respectively. As collateral for these transactions, Global Atlantic typically posts AFS fixed maturity securities and residential mortgage loans, which are included in Insurance - Investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition. The gross obligation for repurchase agreements is reported in other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 37 

Residential Mortgage Loans Total Assets Pledged 
 As of December 31, 2023 Overnight 90 Days Total AFS Corporate Securities Residential Mortgage Loans Total Assets Pledged 
 Other pledges and restrictions 
 Certain Global Atlantic subsidiaries are members of regional banks in the FHLB system and such membership requires the members to own stock in these FHLBs. Global Atlantic owns an aggregate of million and million (accounted for at cost basis) of stock in FHLBs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In addition, Global Atlantic insurance company subsidiaries have entered into funding agreements with the FHLB, which require that Global Atlantic pledge eligible assets, such as fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans, as collateral. Assets pledged as collateral for these funding agreements had a carrying value of billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The capital stock of one of Global Atlantic s equity method investments has been pledged as collateral security for the due payment and performance of the debt obligations of the investee. Global Atlantic s investment subject to this pledge had a carrying value of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Insurance statutory deposits 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the assets on deposit with various state and U.S. governmental authorities were million and million, respectively. 
 
 38 

8. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Global Atlantic also has embedded derivatives related to reinsurance contracts that are accounted for on a modified coinsurance and funds withheld basis. An embedded derivative exists because the arrangement exposes the reinsurer to third-party credit risk. These embedded derivatives are included in funds withheld receivable and payable at interest in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 Credit Risk 
 Global Atlantic may be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by its counterparties to derivatives. Generally, the current credit exposure of Global Atlantic s derivatives is limited to the positive fair value of derivatives less any collateral received from the counterparty. 
 Global Atlantic manages the credit risk on its derivatives by entering into derivative transactions with highly rated financial institutions and other creditworthy counterparties and, where feasible, by trading through central clearing counterparties. Global Atlantic further manages its credit risk on derivatives via the use of master netting agreements, which require the daily posting of collateral by the party in a liability position. Counterparty credit exposure and collateral values are monitored regularly and 
 39 

Other Derivatives Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Derivatives Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Currency Contracts Total Derivatives Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Equity Market Contracts Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Currency Contracts Other Contracts Total Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments Impact of Netting (2) 
 ) ) Total Insurance (1) 
 Fair Value Included Within Total Assets and Liabilities 
 (1) Excludes embedded derivatives. The fair value of these embedded derivatives related to assets was million and the fair value of these embedded derivatives related to liabilities was billion as of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Represents netting of derivative exposures covered by qualifying master netting agreements. 
 As of December 31, 2023 Notional Value Derivative Assets Derivative Liabilities Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Foreign Exchange Contracts and Options Other Derivatives Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Derivatives Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Currency Contracts Total Derivatives Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Equity Market Contracts Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Currency Contracts Other Contracts Total Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments Impact of Netting (2) 
 ) ) Total Insurance (1) 
 Fair Value Included Within Total Assets and Liabilities 
 (1) Excludes embedded derivatives. The fair value of these embedded derivatives related to assets was million and the fair value of these embedded derivatives related to liabilities was billion as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Represents netting of derivative exposures covered by qualifying master netting agreements. 
 40 

Debt ) ) ) ) Policy Liabilities ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes million and million of hedging adjustments on discontinued hedging relationships as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , respectively. 
 (2) Carrying amount is the amortized cost for AFS debt securities. 
 Cash flow hedges 
 Global Atlantic has designated bond forwards to hedge the interest rate risk associated with the planned purchase of AFS debt securities in cash flow hedges. These arrangements are hedging purchases through December 2029 and are expected to affect earnings until 2054. Regression analysis is used to assess the effectiveness of these hedges. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was a cumulative loss of ) million and ) million, respectively, on the currently designated bond forwards recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Amounts deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss are reclassified to net investment income following the qualifying purchases of AFS securities, as an adjustment to the yield earned over the life of the purchased securities, using the effective interest method. 
 Global Atlantic has designated interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk associated with floating rate investments, including AFS fixed maturity securities and commercial mortgage loans. Regression analysis is used to assess the effectiveness of these hedges. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was a cumulative gain (loss) of million on the currently designated interest rate swaps recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Amounts deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss are reclassified to net investment income in the same period during which the hedged investments affect earnings. 
 For all cash flow hedges, Global Atlantic estimates that the amount of gains/losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months will not be material. 
 
 41 

million. 
 
 42 

Foreign Currency Contracts ) Total Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Designated as Hedge Instruments ) Gains (Losses) on Hedged Items: Interest Rate Contracts ) ) Foreign Currency Contracts Total Gains (Losses) on Hedged Items ) ) Amortization for Gains (Losses) Excluded from Assessment of Effectiveness: Foreign Currency Contracts Total Amortization for Gains (Losses) Excluded from Assessment of Effectiveness Total Gains (Losses) on Fair Value Hedges, Net of Hedged Items ) Cash Flow Hedges Interest Rate Contracts ) Total Gains (Losses) on Cash Flow Hedges ) Net Investment Hedges Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Designated as Hedge Instruments ) ) Total Gains (Losses) on Net Investment Hedges ) ) Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Foreign Exchange Contracts and Options ) Other Derivatives ) Total included in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities ) Insurance Embedded Derivatives - Funds Withheld Receivable ) Embedded Derivatives - Funds Withheld Payable ) Equity Index Options Equity Future Contracts ) Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Exchange and Other Derivative Contracts ) Total Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments from Insurance Activities ) Total ) ) ) 
 43 

Foreign Currency Contracts ) Total Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Designated as Hedge Instruments ) ) Gains (Losses) on Hedged Items: Interest Rate Contracts ) Foreign Currency Contracts Total Gains (Losses) on Hedged Items ) Amortization for Gains (Losses) Excluded from Assessment of Effectiveness: Foreign Currency Contracts Total Amortization for Gains (Losses) Excluded from Assessment of Effectiveness Total Gains (Losses) on Fair Value Hedges, Net of Hedged Items Cash Flow Hedges Interest Rate Contracts ) Total Gains (Losses) on Cash Flow Hedges ) Net Investment Hedges Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Designated as Hedge Instruments ) Total Gains (Losses) on Net Investment Hedges ) Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Foreign Exchange Contracts and Options ) Other Derivatives ) Total included in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities ) Insurance Embedded Derivatives - Funds Withheld Receivable Embedded Derivatives - Funds Withheld Payable ) Equity Index Options Equity Future Contracts ) Interest Rate Contracts ) Foreign Exchange and Other Derivative Contracts ) Total Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments from Insurance Activities ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 44 

) Foreign Currency Contracts Total Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Designated as Hedge Instruments ) ) Gains (Losses) on Hedged Items: Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Currency Contracts ) Total Gains (Losses) on Hedged Items ) Amortization for Gains (Losses) Excluded from Assessment of Effectiveness: Foreign Currency Contracts Total Amortization for Gains (Losses) Excluded from Assessment of Effectiveness Total Gains (Losses) on Fair Value Hedges, Net of Hedged Items Cash Flow Hedges Interest Rate Contracts ) ) Total Gains (Losses) on Cash Flow Hedges ) ) Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Foreign Exchange Contracts and Options Other Derivatives Total included in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities Insurance Embedded Derivatives - Funds Withheld Receivable Embedded Derivatives - Funds Withheld Payable Equity Index Options ) Equity Future Contracts Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Contracts ) Other ) Total Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments from Insurance Activities Total ) 
 45 

) Foreign Currency Contracts Total Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Designated as Hedge Instruments ) ) Gains (Losses) on Hedged Items: Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Currency Contracts ) Total Gains (Losses) on Hedged Items ) Amortization for Gains (Losses) Excluded from Assessment of Effectiveness: Foreign Currency Contracts Total Amortization for Gains (Losses) Excluded from Assessment of Effectiveness Total Gains (Losses) on Fair Value Hedges, Net of Hedged Items Cash Flow Hedges Interest Rate Contracts ) ) Total Gains (Losses) on Cash Flow Hedges ) ) Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Foreign Exchange Contracts and Options Other Derivatives Total included in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities Insurance Embedded Derivatives - Funds Withheld Receivable Embedded Derivatives - Funds Withheld Payable Equity Index Options Equity Future Contracts ) Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Contracts ) Other ) Total Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments from Insurance Activities Total ) 

46 

) ) ) Derivative Liabilities (Excluding Embedded Derivatives) ) ) 
 (1) Represents netting of derivative exposures covered by qualifying master netting agreements. 
 As of December 31, 2023 Gross Amount Recognized Gross Amounts Offset in the Statements of Financial Position (1) 
 Net Amounts Presented in the Statements of Financial Condition Collateral (Received) / Pledged Net Amount after Collateral Derivative Assets (Excluding Embedded Derivatives) ) ) Derivative Liabilities (Excluding Embedded Derivatives) ) ) 
 (1) Represents netting of derivative exposures covered by qualifying master netting agreements. 
 47 

9. 
 Credit Investments of Consolidated CFEs Real Assets Equity Method - Other Other Investments Total Investments Foreign Exchange Contracts and Options Other Derivatives Total Assets at Fair Value - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance AFS Fixed Maturity Securities: U.S. Government and Agencies U.S. State, Municipal and Political Subdivisions Corporate Structured Securities Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities Trading Fixed Maturity Securities: U.S. Government and Agencies U.S. State, Municipal and Political Subdivisions Corporate Structured Securities Total Trading Fixed Maturity Securities Equity Securities Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables Other Investments (1) 
 Funds Withheld Receivable at Interest Reinsurance Recoverable Derivative Assets: Equity Market Contracts Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Currency Contracts Impact of Netting ) ) (2) 
 ) Total Derivative Assets Separate Account Assets Total Assets at Fair Value - Insurance Total Assets at Fair Value 
 48 

Credit Investments of Consolidated CFEs Real Assets Equity Method - Other Other Investments Total Investments Foreign Exchange Contracts and Options Other Derivatives Total Assets at Fair Value - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance AFS Fixed Maturity Securities: U.S. Government and Agencies U.S. State, Municipal and Political Subdivisions Corporate Structured Securities Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities Trading Fixed Maturity Securities: U.S. Government and Agencies U.S. State, Municipal and Political Subdivisions Corporate Structured Securities Total Trading Fixed Maturity Securities Equity Securities Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables Other Investments (1) 
 Funds Withheld Receivable at Interest Reinsurance Recoverable Derivative Assets: Equity Market Contracts Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Currency Contracts Impact of Netting ) ) (2) 
 ) Total Derivative Assets ) Separate Account Assets Total Assets at Fair Value - Insurance Total Assets at Fair Value 
 (1) Other investments excluded from the fair value hierarchy table include private equity funds for which fair value is measured at net asset value per share as a practical expedient. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of these investments was million and million, respectively. These investments have strategies primarily focused on real assets (including real estate and infrastructure) and are subject to certain restrictions on redemption. As of September 30, 2024, there were million of unfunded commitments associated with these investments. 
 (2) Represents netting of derivative exposures covered by qualifying master netting agreements. 
 
 49 

Foreign Exchange Contracts and Options Unfunded Revolver Commitments (1) 
 Other Derivatives Debt Obligations of Consolidated CFEs Total Liabilities at Fair Value - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Policy Liabilities (Including Market Risk Benefits) (3) 
 Closed Block Policy Liabilities Funds Withheld Payable at Interest ) ) Derivative Instruments Payable: Equity Market Contracts Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Currency Contracts Other Contracts Impact of Netting ) ) (2) 
 ) Total Derivative Instruments Payable Embedded Derivative Interest-sensitive Life Products 
 Embedded Derivative Annuity Products Total Liabilities at Fair Value - Insurance Total Liabilities at Fair Value 
 50 

Foreign Exchange Contracts and Options Unfunded Revolver Commitments (1) 
 Other Derivatives Debt Obligations of Consolidated CFEs Total Liabilities at Fair Value - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Policy Liabilities (Including Market Risk Benefits) (3) 
 Closed Block Policy Liabilities Funds Withheld Payable at Interest ) ) Derivative Instruments Payable: Equity Market Contracts Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Currency Contracts Other Contracts Impact of Netting ) ) (2) 
 ) Total Derivative Instruments Payable Embedded Derivative Interest-sensitive Life Products 
 Embedded Derivative Annuity Products Total Liabilities at Fair Value - Insurance Total Liabilities at Fair Value 
 (1) These unfunded revolver commitments are valued using the same valuation methodologies as KKR's Level III credit investments. 
 (2) Represents netting of derivative exposures covered by qualifying master netting agreements. 
 (3) Includes market risk benefit of billion as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

51 

Change in OCI Balance, End of Period Changes in Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in OCI related to Level III Assets and Liabilities still held as of the Reporting Date Assets Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Private Equity ) ) Credit ) ) Real Assets ) Equity Method - Other ) ) Other Investments Total Assets - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) Insurance AFS Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities Structured Securities Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities Trading Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities Structured Securities ) Total Trading Fixed Maturity Securities Equity Securities Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables ) Other Investments ) ) Funds Withheld Receivable at Interest ) Reinsurance Recoverable ) Total Assets - Insurance Total ) ) 
 52 

Change in OCI Balance, End of Period Changes in Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in OCI related to Level III Assets and Liabilities still held as of the Reporting Date Assets Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Private Equity ) ) Credit ) ) ) ) Real Assets Equity Method - Other ) ) ) ) Other Investments ) Total Assets - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) Insurance AFS Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) Structured Securities Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities ) Trading Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities Structured Securities ) Total Trading Fixed Maturity Securities Equity Securities Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables ) Other Investments ) ) Funds Withheld Receivable at Interest Reinsurance Recoverable ) Total Assets - Insurance ) ) Total ) 
 
 53 

Change in OCI Balance, End of Period Changes in Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in OCI related to Level III Assets and Liabilities still held as of the Reporting Date Assets Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Private Equity ) Credit ) ) ) Real Assets ) ) ) ) Equity Method - Other ) Other Investments ) ) Other Derivatives Total Assets - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) Insurance AFS Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) Structured Securities ) ) Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) Trading Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) Structured Securities ) ) Total Trading Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) Equity Securities Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables ) ) ) Other Investments ) ) Funds Withheld Receivable at Interest ) Reinsurance Recoverable ) Total Assets - Insurance ) ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 54 

Change in OCI Balance, End of Period Changes in Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in OCI related to Level III Assets and Liabilities still held as of the Reporting Date Assets Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Private Equity ) Credit ) ) Real Assets ) ) ) ) Equity Method - Other ) ) Other Investments ) ) ) Other Derivatives ) Total Assets - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) Insurance AFS Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities ) Structured Securities ) Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities ) Trading Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) Structured Securities ) ) ) Total Trading Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) Equity Securities ) ) Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables ) Other Investments ) ) Funds Withheld Receivable at Interest Reinsurance Recoverable ) ) Total Assets - Insurance ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 55 

) ) Credit ) ) ) ) ) Real Assets ) ) ) Equity Method - Other ) ) ) ) Other Investments ) ) ) Total Assets - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) ) Insurance AFS Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) Structured Securities ) ) ) Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) Trading Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) Structured Securities ) ) ) ) ) Total Trading Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables ) ) ) ) Other Investments ) ) ) ) Reinsurance Recoverable ) ) ) ) Total Assets - Insurance ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 56 

) ) Credit ) ) ) ) ) Real Assets ) ) ) ) Equity Method - Other ) ) ) ) Other Investments ) ) ) ) Other Derivatives Total Assets - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) ) ) Insurance AFS Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) Structured Securities ) ) ) ) ) Total AFS Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) ) Trading Fixed Maturity Securities: Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) ) Structured Securities ) ) ) ) ) Total Trading Fixed Maturity Securities ) ) ) ) ) ) Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables ) ) ) ) ) Other Investments ) ) Reinsurance Recoverable ) ) Total Assets - Insurance ) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 57 

Change in OCI Balance, End of Period Liabilities Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Unfunded Revolver Commitments Total Liabilities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Policy Liabilities Closed Block Policy Liabilities ) Funds Withheld Payable at Interest ) ) Embedded Derivative Interest-sensitive Life Products ) Embedded Derivative Annuity Products Total Liabilities - Insurance Total 
 58 

Change in OCI Balance, End of Period Liabilities Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Unfunded Revolver Commitments Total Liabilities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Policy Liabilities ) Closed Block Policy Liabilities ) Funds Withheld Payable at Interest ) ) Embedded Derivative Interest-sensitive Life Products ) Embedded Derivative Annuity Products Total Liabilities - Insurance Total 
 
 59 

Change in OCI Balance, End of Period Liabilities Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Unfunded Revolver Commitments ) ) Total Liabilities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) Insurance Policy Liabilities ) ) Closed Block Policy Liabilities ) ) Funds Withheld Payable at Interest ) ) ) Embedded Derivative Interest-sensitive Life Products ) ) Embedded Derivative Annuity Products ) Total Liabilities - Insurance ) Total ) ) 
 60 

Change in OCI Balance, End of Period Liabilities Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Unfunded Revolver Commitments ) ) Total Liabilities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) Insurance Policy Liabilities ) ) Closed Block Policy Liabilities ) ) Funds Withheld Payable at Interest ) ) ) Embedded Derivative Interest-sensitive Life Products ) Embedded Derivative Annuity Products Total Liabilities - Insurance ) Total ) ) 
 
 61 

Total Liabilities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Policy Liabilities ) ) Closed Block Policy Liabilities ) ) Embedded Derivative Interest-sensitive Life Products ) ) ) ) Embedded Derivative Annuity Products ) ) Total Liabilities - Insurance ) ) Total ) ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Issuances Settlements Net Issuances/Settlements Issuances Settlements Net Issuances/Settlements Liabilities Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Unfunded Revolver Commitments Total Liabilities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Policy Liabilities ) ) ) ) Closed Block Policy Liabilities Embedded Derivative Interest-sensitive Life Products ) ) ) ) Embedded Derivative Annuity Products ) ) Total Liabilities - Insurance ) ) Total ) ) 
 Total realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded for Asset Management and Strategic Holdings - Level III assets and liabilities are reported in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations while Insurance - Level III assets and liabilities are reported in Net Investment Gains and Policy Benefits and Claims in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Private Equity Inputs to market comparables, discounted cash flow and transaction price Illiquidity Discount - 
 Decrease Weight Ascribed to Market Comparables - 
 (4) Weight Ascribed to Discounted Cash Flow - 
 (5) Weight Ascribed to Transaction Price - 
 (6) Market comparables Enterprise Value/LTM EBITDA Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Enterprise Value/Forward EBITDA Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Discounted cash flow Weighted Average Cost of Capital - 
 Decrease Enterprise Value/EBITDA Exit Multiple x x - x 
 Increase 
 62 

Inputs to market comparables, discounted cash flow and milestones Illiquidity Discount - 
 Decrease Weight Ascribed to Market Comparables - 
 (4) Weight Ascribed to Discounted Cash Flow - 
 (5) Weight Ascribed to Transaction Price - 
 (6) Weight Ascribed to Milestones - 
 (6) Scenario Weighting Base - 
 Increase Downside - 
 Decrease Upside - 
 Increase Market Comparables Enterprise Value/Revenues Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Credit Yield Analysis Yield - 
 Decrease Net Leverage x x - x 
 Decrease EBITDA Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Real Assets Energy Inputs to market comparables, discounted cash flow and transaction price Weight Ascribed to Market Comparables - 
 (4) Weight Ascribed to Discounted Cash Flow - 
 (5) Market comparables Enterprise Value/LTM EBITDA Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Enterprise Value/Forward EBITDA Multiple x x- x 
 Increase Discounted cash flow Weighted Average Cost of Capital - 
 Decrease Average Price Per BOE (8) - 
 Increase Infrastructure Inputs to market comparables, discounted cash flow and transaction price Illiquidity Discount - 
 Decrease Weight Ascribed to Market Comparables - 
 (4) Weight Ascribed to Discounted Cash Flow - 
 (5) Weight Ascribed to Transaction Price - 
 (6) Market comparables Enterprise Value/LTM EBITDA Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Enterprise Value/Forward EBITDA Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Discounted cash flow Weighted Average Cost of Capital - 
 Decrease Enterprise Value/EBITDA Exit Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Real Estate Inputs to direct income capitalization, discounted cash flow and transaction price Weight Ascribed to Direct Income Capitalization - 
 (7) Weight Ascribed to Discounted Cash Flow - 
 (5) Weight Ascribed to Transaction Price - 
 (6) Direct income capitalization Current Capitalization Rate - 
 Decrease Discounted cash flow Exit Capitalization Rate - 
 Decrease Unlevered Discount Rate - 
 Decrease Equity Method - Other Inputs to market comparables, discounted cash flow and transaction price Illiquidity Discount - 
 Decrease Weight Ascribed to Market Comparables - 
 (4) Weight Ascribed to Discounted Cash Flow - 
 (5) Weight Ascribed to Transaction Price - 
 (6) Market comparables Enterprise Value/LTM EBITDA Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Enterprise Value/Forward EBITDA Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Discounted cash flow Weighted Average Cost of Capital - 
 Decrease Enterprise Value/EBITDA Exit Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Other Investments (9) Inputs to market comparables, discounted cash flow and transaction price Illiquidity Discount - 
 Decrease Weight Ascribed to Market Comparables - 
 (4) Weight Ascribed to Discounted Cash Flow - 
 (5) Weight Ascribed to Transaction Price - 
 (6) Market comparables Enterprise Value/LTM EBITDA Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Enterprise Value/Forward EBITDA Multiple x x - x 
 Increase Discounted cash flow Weighted Average Cost of Capital - 
 Decrease Enterprise Value/EBITDA Exit Multiple x x - x 
 Increase 
 63 

Discounted cash flow Discount Spread - 
 Decrease Structured Securities Discounted cash flow Discount Spread - 
 Decrease Constant Prepayment Rate - 
 Increase/Decrease Constant Default Rate - 
 Decrease Loss Severity - 
 Decrease Other Investments Discounted cash flow Vacancy Rate - 
 Decrease Discount Rate - 
 Decrease Terminal Capitalization Rate - 
 Decrease Reinsurance Recoverable Present value of expenses paid from the open block plus the cost of capital held in support of the liabilities. Expense Assumption The average expense assumption is between and per policy, increased by inflation. The annual inflation rate was increased by . 
 Increase Unobservable inputs are a market participant s view of the expenses, a risk margin on the uncertainty of the level of expenses and a cost of capital on the capital held in support of the liabilities. Expense Risk Margin 
 Decrease Cost of Capital - 
 Increase Discounted cash flow Mortality Rate 
 Increase Surrender Rate 
 Increase 
 (1) In determining certain of these inputs, management evaluates a variety of factors including economic conditions, industry and market developments, market valuations of comparable companies and company specific developments including exit strategies and realization opportunities. KKR has determined that market participants would take these inputs into account when valuing the investments and debt obligations. "LTM" means last twelve months, and "EBITDA" means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. 
 (2) Inputs were weighted based on the fair value of the investments included in the range. 
 (3) Unless otherwise noted, this column represents the directional change in the fair value of the Level III investments that would result from an increase to the corresponding unobservable input. A decrease to the unobservable input would have the opposite effect. Significant increases and decreases in these inputs in isolation could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements. 
 (4) The directional change from an increase in the weight ascribed to the market comparables approach would increase the fair value of the Level III investments if the market comparables approach results in a higher valuation than the discounted cash flow approach and transaction price. The opposite would be true if the market comparables approach results in a lower valuation than the discounted cash flow approach and transaction price. 
 (5) The directional change from an increase in the weight ascribed to the discounted cash flow approach would increase the fair value of the Level III investments if the discounted cash flow approach results in a higher valuation than the market comparables approach, transaction price and direct income capitalization approach. The opposite would be true if the discounted cash flow approach results in a lower valuation than the market comparables approach, transaction price and direct income capitalization approach. 
 (6) The directional change from an increase in the weight ascribed to the transaction price or milestones would increase the fair value of the Level III investments if the transaction price or milestones results in a higher valuation than the market comparables and discounted cash flow approach. The opposite would be true if the transaction price or milestones results in a lower valuation than the market comparables approach and discounted cash flow approach. 
 (7) The directional change from an increase in the weight ascribed to the direct income capitalization approach would increase the fair value of the Level III investments if the direct income capitalization approach results in a higher valuation than the discounted cash flow approach. The opposite would be true if the direct income capitalization approach results in a lower valuation than the discounted cash flow approach. 
 64 

liquids and natural gas. 
 (9) Consists primarily of investments in common stock, preferred stock, warrants and options of companies that are not private equity, real assets, credit, equity method - other or investments of consolidated CFEs. 
 (10) The funds withheld receivable at interest has been excluded from the above table. As discussed in Note 12 Reinsurance, the funds withheld receivable at interest is created through funds withheld contracts. The assets supporting these receivables were held in trusts for the benefit of Global Atlantic. Accordingly, the unobservable inputs utilized in the valuation of the embedded derivative are a component of the invested assets supporting the funds withheld reinsurance agreements. 
 
 Level III Liabilities Fair Value September 30, 2024 Valuation Methodologies Unobservable Input(s) (1) 
 Weighted 
 Average (2) 
 Range Impact to 
 Valuation 
 from an 
 Increase in 
 Input (3) 
 ASSET MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGIC HOLDINGS Unfunded Revolver Commitments Yield Analysis Yield - 
 Decrease INSURANCE (4) 
 Policy Liabilities 
 Policy liabilities under fair value option: Present value of best estimate liability cash flows. Unobservable inputs include a market participant view of the risk margin included in the discount rate which reflects the variability of the cash flows. Risk Margin Rate - 
 Decrease Policyholder behavior is also a significant unobservable input, including lapse, surrender and mortality. Surrender Rate - 
 Decrease Mortality Rate - 
 Increase Market risk benefit: Fair value using a non-option and option valuation approach Instrument-specific Credit Risk (10 and 30 Year) 
 / 
 Decrease Policyholder behavior is also a significant unobservable input, including lapse, surrender, and mortality. Mortality Rate - 
 Decrease Surrender Rate - 
 Decrease 
 65 

Present value of expenses paid from the open block plus the cost of capital held in support of the liabilities. Expense Assumption The average expense assumption is between and per policy, increased by inflation. The annual inflation rate was increased by . 
 Increase Instrument-specific Credit Risk 
 - 
 Decrease Unobservable inputs are a market participant s view of the expenses, a risk margin on the uncertainty of the level of expenses and a cost of capital on the capital held in support of the liabilities. Expense Risk Margin 
 Decrease Cost of Capital - 
 Increase Discounted cash flow Mortality Rate 
 Increase Surrender Rate 
 Increase Embedded Derivative Interest-Sensitive Life Products 
 Policy persistency is a significant unobservable input. Lapse Rate 
 Decrease Mortality Rate 
 Decrease Future costs for options used to hedge the contract obligations Option Budget Assumption 
 Increase Instrument-specific Credit Risk 
 - 
 Decrease Embedded Derivative Annuity Products Policyholder behavior is a significant unobservable input, including utilization and lapse. Utilization: Fixed-Indexed Annuity Increase Surrender Rate: Retail FIA Increase Institutional FIA Decrease Mortality Rate: Retail FIA Decrease Institutional FIA Decrease Future costs for options used to hedge the contract obligations Option Budget Assumption: Retail FIA Increase Institutional FIA Increase Instrument-specific Credit Risk 
 - 
 Decrease 
 (1) In determining certain of these inputs, management evaluates a variety of factors including economic conditions, industry and market developments, market valuations of comparable companies and company specific developments including exit strategies and realization opportunities. KKR has determined that market participants would likely take these inputs into account when valuing the investments and debt obligations. "LTM" means last twelve months, and "EBITDA" means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. 
 (2) Inputs were weighted based on the fair value of the investments included in the range. 
 (3) Unless otherwise noted, this column represents the directional change in the fair value of the Level III investments that would result from an increase to the corresponding unobservable input. A decrease to the unobservable input would have the opposite effect. Significant increases and decreases in these inputs in isolation could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements. 
 (4) The fair value of the embedded derivative component of the funds withheld payable at interest has been excluded from the above table. The investments supporting the funds withheld payable at interest balance are held in a trust by Global Atlantic. Accordingly, the unobservable inputs utilized in the valuation of the embedded derivative are a component of the investments supporting the reinsurance cession agreements. 
 In the table above, certain private equity investments may be valued at cost for a period of time after an acquisition as the best indicator of fair value. In addition, certain valuations of private equity investments may be entirely or partially derived by reference to observable valuation measures for a pending or consummated transaction. 
 66 

Policy Loans FHLB Common Stock and Other Investments Funds Withheld Receivables at Interest Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Financial Assets Financial Liabilities: Insurance Policy Liabilities Policyholder Account Balances Funds Withheld Payables at Interest Debt Obligations Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase Total Financial Liabilities 
 67 

Policy Loans FHLB Common Stock and Other Investments Funds Withheld Receivables at Interest Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Financial Assets Financial Liabilities: Insurance Policy Liabilities Policyholder Account Balances Funds Withheld Payables at Interest Debt Obligations Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase Total Financial Liabilities 
 68 

10. 
 Investments of Consolidated CFEs Real Assets Equity Method - Other Other Investments Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables Other Investments Reinsurance Recoverable Total Insurance Total Assets Liabilities Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Debt Obligations of Consolidated CFEs Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Policy Liabilities Total Insurance Total Liabilities 
 
 69 

) ) ) Investments of Consolidated CFEs ) ) ) Real Assets ) ) Equity Method - Other ) Other Investments ) ) ) Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) Insurance Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables ) ) Other Investments ) ) Total Insurance ) ) Total Assets ) ) Liabilities Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Debt Obligations of Consolidated CFEs ) ) ) ) ) ) Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) ) ) ) ) Insurance Policy Liabilities ) ) Total Insurance ) ) Total Liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 70 

) ) Investments of Consolidated CFEs ) ) ) Real Assets ) ) Equity Method - Other ) ) ) Other Investments ) ) ) Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) ) ) Insurance Mortgage and Other Loan Receivables Other Investments ) ) ) ) Total Insurance ) ) ) ) Total Assets ) ) ) ) Liabilities Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Debt Obligations of Consolidated CFEs ) ) ) ) ) ) Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings ) ) ) ) ) ) Insurance Policy Liabilities Total Insurance Total Liabilities ) ) ) ) 
 71 

11. 
 Value of Business Acquired Cost-of-reinsurance Intangibles Total Insurance Intangibles 
 Deferred acquisition costs 
 Capitalizations Amortization Expense ) ) ) ) ) Balance, as of the End of the Period 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Fixed Rate Annuities Fixed Indexed Annuities Interest Sensitive Life Other Total Balance, as of the Beginning of the Period Capitalizations Amortization Expense ) ) ) ) ) Balance, as of the End of the Period 
 Value of business acquired 
 Amortization Expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, as of the End of the Period 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Fixed Rate Annuities Fixed Indexed Annuities Interest Sensitive Life Variable Annuities Other Total Balance, as of the Beginning of the Period Amortization Expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, as of the End of the Period 

72 

Amortization Expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, as of the End of the Period 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Fixed Rate Annuities Fixed Indexed Annuities Interest Sensitive Life Variable Annuities Other Total Balance, as of the Beginning of the Period Amortization Expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, as of the End of the Period 
 
 Deferral Amortized to Income during the Period ) ) Balance, as of the End of the Period 
 
 Significant inputs, judgments, assumptions for DAC and related amortization amounts 
 Global Atlantic considers surrender rates, mortality rates, and other relevant policy decrements in determining the expected life of the contract. As a part of Global Atlantic's actual experience update for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Global Atlantic concluded that there was no material change in relevant inputs, judgments, or assumptions requiring an update of the amortization rate for DAC and related amortization amounts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Global Atlantic updated mortality and surrender rates. These updates reduced the amortization rate for DAC and related amortization amounts by million per quarter. 
 73 

12. 
 Assumed Total Policy Liabilities Ceded (1) 
 ) ) Net Policy Liabilities 
 (1) Reported within reinsurance recoverable within the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 A key credit quality indicator is a counterparty s AM Best financial strength rating. A.M. Best ratings are an independent opinion of a reinsurer s ability to meet ongoing obligations to policyholders. Global Atlantic mitigates counterparty credit risk by requiring collateral and credit enhancements in various forms including engaging in funds withheld at interest and modified coinsurance transactions. 
 A+ A A- B++ B+ B B- C++/C+ ) ) Not Rated or Private Rating (4) 
 Total 
 (1) Ratings are periodically updated (at least annually) as A.M. Best issues new ratings. 
 (2) Credit enhancements primarily include funds withheld payable at interest. 
 (3) Includes credit loss allowance of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, held against reinsurance recoverable and funds withheld receivable at interest. 
 (4) Includes billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, associated with cessions to co-investment vehicles (the "sponsored reinsurance vehicles") that participate in qualifying reinsurance transactions sourced by Global Atlantic. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Global Atlantic had billion and billion of funds withheld receivable at interest, respectively, with counterparties related to modified coinsurance and funds withheld contracts. The assets supporting the funds withheld receivable at interest balance are held in trusts for the benefit of Global Atlantic. 
 74 

Assumed Ceded ) ) ) ) Net Premiums 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Policy Fees: Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) ) Net Policy Fees 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Policy Benefits and Claims: Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) ) Net Policy Benefits and Claims 
 
 Global Atlantic holds collateral for and provides collateral to its reinsurance clients. Global Atlantic held billion and billion of collateral in the form of funds withheld payable at interest on behalf of its reinsurers as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, reinsurers held collateral of billion on behalf of Global Atlantic. A significant portion of the collateral that Global Atlantic provides to its reinsurance clients is provided in the form of assets held in a trust for the benefit of the counterparty. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, these trusts held in excess of the billion and billion of assets they are required to hold in order to support reserves of billion and billion, respectively. Of the cash held in trust, Global Atlantic classified million and million as restricted as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 75 

13. 
 (+) Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Dividend (if dilutive) Net Income (Loss) Available to KKR Co. Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted 
 Basic Net Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding - Basic Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Per Share of Common Stock - Basic 
 Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding - Basic Incremental Common Shares: Assumed vesting of dilutive equity awards (1) 
 Assumed conversion of Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding - Diluted Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Per Share of Common Stock - Diluted 

Exchangeable Securities 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, vested restricted holdings units (as defined in Note 19 "Equity Based Compensation") have been excluded from the calculation of Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Per Share of Common Stock - Diluted since the exchange of these units would not dilute KKR Co. Inc.'s ownership interests in KKR Group Partnership. See Note 1 "Organization" in our financial statements. 
 
 Market Condition Awards 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, million and million, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, million and million, respectively, of unvested equity awards that are subject to market price based and service-based vesting conditions were excluded from the calculation of Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Per Share of Common Stock - Diluted since the market price based vesting condition was not satisfied. See Note 19 "Equity Based Compensation" in our financial statements. 
 76 

14. 
 Receivables Due from Broker (2) 
 Deferred Tax Assets, net Interest Receivable Fixed Assets, net (3) 
 Foreign Exchange Contracts and Options (4) 
 Goodwill (5) 
 Intangible Assets (6) 
 Derivative Assets Prepaid Taxes Prepaid Expenses Operating Lease Right of Use Assets (7) 
 Deferred Financing Costs Other Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Deferred Tax Assets, net Accrued Investment Income Goodwill Intangible Assets and Deferred Sales Inducements (8) 
 Premiums and Other Account Receivables Other Operating Lease Right of Use Assets (7) 
 Unsettled Investment Sales (1) and Derivative Collateral Receivables 
 Derivative Assets Prepaid Taxes Market Risk Benefit Asset Total Insurance Total Other Assets 
 (1) Primarily includes amounts due from third parties for investments sold for which cash settlement has not occurred. 
 (2) Represents amounts held at clearing brokers resulting from securities transactions. 
 (3) Net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included in General, Administrative and Other in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, KKR s fixed assets are predominantly located in the United States. 
 (4) Represents derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange risk arising from certain foreign currency denominated investments. Such instruments are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. See Note 4 "Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings" in our financial statements for the net changes in fair value associated with these instruments. 
 (5) As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of goodwill is recorded and assessed for impairment at the reporting unit. As of September 30, 2024, there are approximately ) million of cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments included in AOCI related to the goodwill recorded as result of the acquisition of KJRM. 
 (6) As of September 30, 2024, there are approximately ) million of cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments included in AOCI related to the intangible assets recorded as result of the acquisition of KJRM. 
 (7) For Asset Management, non-cancelable operating leases consist of leases for office space in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. KKR is the lessee under the terms of the operating leases. The operating lease cost was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For Insurance, non-cancelable operating leases consist of leases for office space and land in the U.S. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the operating lease cost was million and million, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the operating lease cost was million and million, respectively. 
 77 

years. The indefinite life intangible assets are not subject to amortization. The amortization expense of definite life intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Unsettled Investment Purchases (2) 
 Securities Sold Short (3) 
 Derivative Liabilities Accrued Compensation and Benefits Interest Payable Foreign Exchange Contracts and Options (4) 
 Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Taxes Payable Uncertain Tax Positions Unfunded Revolver Commitments Operating Lease Liabilities (5) 
 Deferred Tax Liabilities, net Other Liabilities Total Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Insurance Accrued Expenses Unsettled Investment Purchases (2) and Derivative Collateral Liabilities 
 Insurance Operations Balances in Course of Settlement Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase Derivative Liabilities Operating Lease Liabilities (5) 
 Accrued Employee Related Expenses Interest Payable Tax Payable to Former Parent Company Accounts and Commissions Payable Other Tax Related Liabilities Total Insurance Total Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
 (1) Represents the amount of carried interest payable to current and former KKR employees arising from KKR's investment funds and co-investment vehicles that provide for carried interest. 
 (2) Primarily includes amounts owed to third parties for investment purchases for which cash settlement has not occurred. 
 (3) Represents the obligations of KKR to deliver a specified security at a future point in time. Such securities are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. See Note 4 "Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings" in our financial statements for the net changes in fair value associated with these instruments. 
 (4) Represents derivative financial instruments used to manage foreign exchange risk arising from certain foreign currency denominated investments. Such instruments are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. See Note 4 "Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings" in our financial statements for the net changes in fair value associated with these instruments. 
 (5) For Asset Management, operating leases for office space have remaining lease terms that range from approximately year to years, some of which include options to extend the leases from years to years. The weighted average remaining lease terms were years and years as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The weighted average discount rates were and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. For Insurance, operating leases for office space have remaining lease terms that range from approximately year to years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years. The weighted average remaining lease terms were years and years as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The weighted average discount rates were and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The weighted average remaining lease terms for land were years and years as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 78 

15. 
 billion. KKR has not provided any financial support other than its obligated amount as of September 30, 2024. Additionally, Global Atlantic also has unfunded commitments of million in relation to other investment partnership interests as of September 30, 2024. 
 Due from (to) Affiliates, net Maximum Exposure to Loss Insurance Other Investment Partnerships Investment in Renewable Energy Maximum Exposure to Loss Total Maximum Exposure to Loss 
 79 

16. 
 
 1-5 Years After 5 Years Subtotal KKR USD Senior Notes: (2)(3)(6)(8) 
 Under 1 Year 1-5 Years After 5 Years Subtotal KKR Yen Senior Notes: (2)(3)(6) 
 Under 1 Year 1-5 Years After 5 Years Subtotal KKR Euro Senior Notes: (2)(3)(6) 
 Under 1 Year 1-5 Years After 5 Years Subtotal KKR Subordinated Notes: (2)(3)(7) 
 Under 1 Year 1-5 Years After 5 Years Subtotal KFN USD Senior Notes: (2)(3)(4)(9) 
 Under 1 Year 1-5 Years After 5 Years Subtotal KFN Junior Subordinated Notes: (2)(4)(5)(9) 
 Under 1 Year 1-5 Years After 5 Years Subtotal Total KKR KFN Notes Other Debt Obligations: (1)(8) 
 Total 

80 

KKR Yen Senior Notes KKR Euro Senior Notes KKR Subordinated Notes KFN USD Senior Notes 
 (4) These debt obligations are classified as Level III within the fair value hierarchy and valued using the same valuation methodologies as KKR's Level III credit investments. 
 (5) Interest rates of the notes are floating and the weighted average interest rate is and and the weighted average years to maturity is years and years as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (6) The notes are classified as Level II within the fair value hierarchy and fair value is determined by third party broker quotes. 
 (7) The notes are classified as Level I within the fair value hierarchy and fair value is determined by quoted prices in active markets since the debt is publicly listed. 
 (8) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the principal value, carrying value and fair value reflects the elimination for the portion of applicable debt obligations that are held by Global Atlantic 
 (9) KKR consolidates and reports debt obligations of KKR Financial Holdings LLC, a KKR subsidiary ("KFN"), which are non-recourse to KKR beyond the assets of KFN. From time to time, KKR may provide credit support for the funding obligations of its subsidiaries. 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 On July 3, 2024, KKR Group Partnership L.P. and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P. (collectively, the Borrowers ), entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Corporate Credit Agreement by and among the Borrowers, the guarantors from time to time party thereto (together with the Borrowers, the Loan Parties ), the lending institutions from time to time party thereto and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), which amends and restates in its entirety the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2021 (as amended by the First Amendment and Lender Joiner Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2022), by and among the Loan Parties, the lending institutions from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 The Corporate Credit Agreement provides the Borrowers with a senior unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facility (the Corporate Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of billion, as of July 3, 2024, with the option to request an increase in the facility amount of up to an additional million, for an aggregate principal amount of billion, subject to certain conditions. The Corporate Credit Facility is a facility, scheduled to mature on July 3, 2029, with the Borrowers option to extend the maturity date, subject to the consent of the applicable lenders, and the Borrowers may prepay, terminate or reduce the commitments under the Corporate Credit Facility at any time without penalty. Borrowings under the Corporate Credit Facility are available for general corporate purposes and available in U.S. dollars and other currencies. Interest on borrowings in U.S. dollars under the Corporate Credit Facility will be based on either term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) or alternate base rate, with the applicable margin per annum based on a corporate ratings-based grid. The Borrowers have agreed to pay a facility fee on the total commitments at a rate per annum also based on a corporate ratings-based grid. Borrowings under the Corporate Credit Facility are guaranteed by KKR Co. Inc. and any entity (other than the Borrowers) that guarantees certain specified senior notes of KKR Co. Inc. s financing subsidiaries. 
 Certain other terms of the Corporate Credit Agreement include: (i) financial covenants that require KKR Co. Inc. and its subsidiaries to maintain a maximum leverage ratio (excluding the indebtedness of KKR Financial Holdings LLC and The Global Atlantic Financial Group LLC and their respective subsidiaries) of not greater than x covenant EBITDA and to maintain at least billion in fee paying assets under management; (ii) customary affirmative covenants and certain negative covenants, including a limitation on the ability of the Borrowers and the guarantors to, among other things, pledge the stock of their subsidiaries; and (iii) customary events of default, upon the occurrence of which the lenders will have the ability to accelerate all outstanding loans thereunder and terminate the commitments. 
 
 81 

aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ), (ii) aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes ), (iii) aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2034 (the 2034 Notes ), (iv) aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2044 (the 2044 Notes and (v) aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2054 (the 2054 Notes and, together with the 2029 Notes, the 2031 Notes, the 2034 Notes and the 2044 Notes, the Yen Notes ). The Yen Notes are guaranteed by KKR Co. Inc. and KKR Group Partnership L.P. 
 Interest on the Yen Notes accrues from May 30, 2024 and is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 30 and November 30 of each year, commencing on November 30, 2024 and ending on the applicable maturity date unless earlier redeemed. The Yen Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of KKR Group Finance Co. XI LLC. The Yen Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of the guarantors. The guarantees are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the guarantors. 
 The Yen Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of April 26, 2022, among KKR Group Finance Co. XI LLC, KKR Group Co. Inc. (formerly known as KKR Co. Inc.), KKR Group Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (as supplemented, the Indenture ). The Indenture includes covenants, including limitations on KKR Group Finance Co. XI LLC s and the guarantors ability to, subject to exceptions, incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their subsidiaries or merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or convey all or substantially all of their assets. The Indenture also provides for events of default and further provides that the trustee or the holders of not less than in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Yen Notes may declare the Yen Notes immediately due and payable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default after expiration of any applicable grace period. In the case of specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or reorganization, the principal amount of the Yen Notes and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Yen Notes automatically become due and payable. If a change of control repurchase event occurs, the Yen Notes are subject to repurchase by KKR Group Finance Co. XI LLC at a repurchase price in cash equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the Yen Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Yen Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of repurchase. 
 KCM Revolving Credit Facility 
 On April 4, 2024, KKR Capital Markets Holdings L.P. and certain other capital markets subsidiaries (the "KCM Borrowers") replaced their existing revolving credit agreement with a new revolving credit agreement (the "KCM Revolving Credit Facility with Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent, and one or more lenders party thereto. The KCM Revolving Credit Facility replaces the prior revolving credit facility, dated as of April 7, 2023, between the KCM Borrowers and the administrative agent, and one or more lenders party to the prior facility, which was terminated according to its terms on April 4, 2024. The KCM Revolving Credit Facility provides for revolving borrowings up to million, expires on April 3, 2025, and ranks pari passu with the existing million revolving credit facility provided by them for KKR's capital markets business (the "KCM Credit Facility"). 
 If a borrowing is made under the KCM Revolving Credit Agreement, the interest rate will vary depending on the type of drawdown requested. If the borrowing is (i) denominated in U.S. dollars and a term rate, it will be based on the term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), (ii) denominated in euros, it will be based on EURIBOR and (iii) denominated in pounds sterling, it will be based on the Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate ("SONIA"), in each case, plus the applicable margin which ranges initially between and , depending on the duration of the loan. If the borrowing is an ABR Loan, it will be based on the greater of (i) the federal funds rate plus and (ii) term SOFR for one-month tenor plus , in each case, plus the applicable margin which ranges initially between and depending on the amount and nature of the loan. Borrowings under the KCM Revolving Credit Agreement may only be used to facilitate the settlement of debt transactions syndicated by KKR's capital markets business. Obligations under the KCM Revolving Credit Agreement are limited to the KCM Borrowers, which are solely entities involved in KKR's capital markets business, and liabilities under the KCM Revolving Credit Agreement are non-recourse to other parts of KKR. 
 The KCM Revolving Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, and affirmative and negative covenants, including a financial covenant providing for a maximum debt to equity ratio for the KCM Borrowers. The KCM Borrowers' obligations under the KCM Revolving Credit Facility are secured by certain assets of the KCM Borrowers, including a pledge of equity interests of certain subsidiaries of the KCM Borrowers. 
 82 

revolving credit agreement (the KCM Credit Facility with Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. This facility provides for revolving borrowings of up to million with a million sublimit for letters of credit, expires on April 4, 2029 and ranks pari passu with the KCM Revolving Credit Facility. The prior facility for the KCM Borrowers, dated as of March 20, 2020 (as amended), between the KCM Borrowers, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, was terminated according to its terms on April 4, 2024 and replaced by the KCM Credit Facility. 
 If a borrowing is made on the KCM Credit Facility, the interest rate will vary depending on the type of drawdown requested. If the borrowing is (i) denominated in U.S. dollars and a term rate, it will be based on term SOFR, (ii) denominated in euros, it will be based on EURIBOR and (iii) denominated in pounds sterling, it will be based on SONIA, in each case, plus the applicable margin which ranges initially between and , depending on the amount and nature of the loan. If the loan is an ABR Loan, it will be based on the greater of (i) the federal funds rate plus and (ii) term SOFR for one-month tenor plus , in each case, plus the applicable margin which ranges initially between and depending on the amount and nature of the loan. Obligations under the KCM Credit Facility may only be used for KKR s capital markets business, and its only obligors are entities involved in KKR s capital markets business, and its liabilities are non-recourse to other parts of KKR s business. 
 The KCM Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, and affirmative and negative covenants, including a financial covenant providing for a maximum debt to equity ratio for the KCM Borrowers. The KCM Borrowers obligations under the KCM Credit Facility are secured by certain assets of the KCM Borrowers, including a pledge of equity interests of certain subsidiaries of the KCM Borrowers. 
 Other Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Debt Obligations 
 Certain of KKR's consolidated investment funds have entered into financing arrangements with financial institutions, generally to provide liquidity to such investment funds. These financing arrangements are generally not direct obligations of the general partners of KKR's investment funds (beyond KKR's capital interest) or its management companies. Such borrowings have varying maturities and bear interest at floating rates. Borrowings are generally secured by the investment purchased with the proceeds of the borrowing and/or the uncalled capital commitment of each respective fund. When an investment vehicle borrows, the proceeds are available only for use by that investment vehicle and are not available for the benefit of other investment vehicles or KKR. Collateral within each investment vehicle is also available only against borrowings by that investment vehicle and not against the borrowings of other investment vehicles or KKR. 
 In certain other cases, investments and other assets held directly by majority-owned consolidated investment vehicles and other entities have been funded with borrowings that are collateralized by the investments and assets they own. These borrowings are non-recourse to KKR beyond the investments or assets serving as collateral or the capital that KKR has committed to fund such investment vehicles. Such borrowings have varying maturities and generally bear interest at fixed rates. 
 In addition, consolidated CFEs issue debt securities to third-party investors which are collateralized by assets held by the CFE. Debt securities issued by CFEs are supported solely by the assets held at the CFEs and are not collateralized by assets of any other KKR entity. CFEs also may have warehouse facilities with banks to provide liquidity to the CFE. The CFE's debt obligations are non-recourse to KKR beyond the assets of the CFE. 
 Debt Obligations of Consolidated CFEs (2) 
 
 (1) Includes borrowings collateralized by fund investments, fund co-investments and other assets held by levered investment vehicles of billion. 
 (2) The senior notes of the consolidated CFEs had a weighted average interest rate of . The subordinated notes of the consolidated CLOs do not have contractual interest rates but instead receive a pro rata amount of the net distributions from the excess cash flows of the respective CLO vehicle. Accordingly, weighted average borrowing rates for the subordinated notes are based on cash distributions during the period, if any. 
 
 83 

billion. This collateral consisted of Cash and Cash Equivalents, Investments, and Other Assets. 
 1-5 Years After 5 Years Subtotal Senior Notes: (4) 
 Under 1 Year 1-5 Years After 5 Years Subtotal Subordinated Notes: (4) 
 Under 1 Year 1-5 Years After 5 Years Subtotal Debt Obligations of Consolidated Special Purpose Vehicles (3) 
 Total 
 (1) Carrying value of debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, includes purchase accounting adjustments of million and million, respectively, net debt issuance costs of ) million and ) million, respectively, and cumulative fair value loss on hedged debt obligations of ) million and ) million, respectively. The amortization of the purchase accounting adjustments was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) These debt obligations are classified as Level III within the fair value hierarchy and valued using the same valuation methodologies as KKR's Level III credit investments. 
 (3) These debt obligations primarily include debt obligations of consolidated sponsored reinsurance vehicles that are not guaranteed by KKR or Global Atlantic. 
 (4) Interest rates of the notes are fixed and the weighted average interest rates are the following: 
 Subordinated Notes 
 Senior Notes Due 2054 
 Global Atlantic (Fin) Company ("GA FinCo") and Global Atlantic Limited (Delaware) (formerly known as Global Atlantic Financial Limited, "GALD") are both Delaware corporations and wholly-owned indirect subsidiaries of TGAFG, the holding company for the Global Atlantic business. 
 In March 2024, GA FinCo issued million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2054 (the GA 2054 Senior Notes ). The GA 2054 Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated October 7, 2019, among GA FinCo, as issuer, GALD, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and supplemented by the fifth supplemental indenture thereto, dated March 15, 2024, among GA FinCo, GALD and the trustee. The GA 2054 Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by GALD. 
 The GA 2054 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of per year. Interest on the GA 2054 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2024. The GA 2054 Senior Notes will mature on March 15, 2054. GA FinCo may, at its option, redeem some or all of the GA 2054 Senior Notes at any 
 84 

of the principal amount of the GA 2054 Senior Notes to be redeemed and a make-whole payment plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption; and (ii) on or after September 15, 2053 at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the GA 2054 Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. 
 Global Atlantic Subordinated Notes Due 2054 
 On June 11 2024, GA FinCo issued million of fixed-to-fixed rate subordinated debentures maturing on October 15, 2054 (the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures. The GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures were issued pursuant to the Subordinated Indenture, dated as of July 6, 2021 among GA FinCo, as issuer, GALD, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 11, 2024. 
 The GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures will bear interest (i) from, and including, June 11, 2024 to, but not including, the initial interest reset date of October 15, 2029 at an annual rate of and (ii) from and including October 15, 2029, during each interest reset period, at an annual rate equal to the five-year Treasury rate as of the most recent reset interest determination date, plus . Interest on the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on October 15, 2024, and on the maturity date. 
 GA FinCo has the right on one or more occasions to defer the payment of interest on the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures for up to five consecutive years. During an optional deferral period, interest will continue to accrue at the interest rate on the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures, compounded semi-annually as of each interest payment date. 
 If GA FinCo has exercised its right to defer interest payments on the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures, GA FinCo and GALD generally may not (1) make payments on or redeem or purchase (A) GA FinCo or GALD common stock, or (B) with respect to GA FinCo, any indebtedness ranking on parity with or junior to the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures, and with respect to GALD, any indebtedness ranking on parity with or junior to the guarantee or (2) make any guarantee payments with respect to any guarantee by GA FinCo or GALD of any securities or any of their respective subsidiaries if such guarantee ranks equally with or junior to the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures. 
 GA FinCo may elect to redeem the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures either (1) in whole at any time or in part from time to time during the three-month period prior to, and including, October 15, 2029, or the period prior to, and including, each subsequent interest reset date, in each case at of the principal amount of the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including compounded interest, if any) to, but excluding, the redemption date; (2) in whole, but not in part, at any time within 90 days after the occurrence of a tax event at of the principal amount of the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including compounded interest, if any) to, but excluding, the redemption date; (3) in whole, but not in part, at any time within 90 days after the occurrence of a rating agency event at of the principal amount of the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including compounded interest, if any) to, but excluding, the redemption date; or (4) in whole, but not in part, at any time within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event at of the principal amount of the GA 2054 Subordinated Debentures being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including compounded interest, if any) to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 Global Atlantic Credit Agreement 
 In March 2024, GA FinCo repaid million then outstanding indebtedness under the Global Atlantic Credit Agreement with proceeds from the GA 2054 Senior Notes. 
 In May 2024, subsequent to the end of the quarter, GA FinCo terminated the existing revolving credit facility RCF and replaced it with a new credit agreement with GA FinCo, as borrower, GALD, as guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, that (1) provides for up to billion of revolving borrowings, including up to million of letters of credit, (2) has a maturity of May 2029, and (3) contains customary events of default, representations and warranties and covenants that are substantially similar to those that were in the terminated RCF, including the consolidated debt to capitalization and net worth covenants. Interest on any funded borrowings accrues at SOFR plus a spread ranging from to , based on GALD s long-term issuer credit ratings. The borrower must pay a commitment fee on any unfunded committed balance under the agreement, ranging from to based on the long-term issuer credit rating. 
 85 

17. 
 Liability for Future Policy Benefits Additional Liability for Annuitization, Death, or Other Insurance Benefits Market Risk Benefit Liability Other Policy-related Liabilities (1) 
 Total Policy Liabilities 
 (1) Other policy-related liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 primarily consist of embedded derivatives associated with contractholder deposit funds billion and billion, respectively), cost-of-reinsurance liabilities billion and billion, respectively), policy liabilities accounted under a fair value option (both billion), negative VOBA million and million, respectively) and outstanding claims million and million, respectively). 
 Policyholders account balances 
 Issuances and Premiums Received Benefit Payments, Surrenders, and Withdrawals ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest (2) 
 Other Activity (3) 
 ) ) ) Balance as of End of Period Less: Reinsurance Recoverable ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of End of Period, Net of Reinsurance Recoverable Average Interest Rate Net Amount at Risk, Gross of Reinsurance (4) 
 Cash Surrender Value (5) 
 
 (1) Other consists of activity related to payout annuities without life contingencies, preneed, variable annuities and life products. 
 (2) Interest includes interest credited to policyholders account values, and interest accreted in other components of the policyholder account balance, including investment-type contract values, host amounts for contractholder deposits with embedded derivatives, funding agreements and other associated reserves. 
 (3) Other activity includes policy charges, fees and commissions, transfers, assumption changes, fair value changes and the impact of hedge fair value adjustments. 
 (4) Net amount at risk represents the difference between the face value of the insurance policy and the reserve accumulated under that same policy. 
 (5) Cash surrender values are reported net of any applicable surrender charges, net of reinsurance. 
 86 

Issuances and Premiums Received Benefit Payments, Surrenders, and Withdrawals ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest (2) 
 Other Activity (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance as of End of Period Less: Reinsurance Recoverable ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of End of Period, Net of Reinsurance Recoverable Average Interest Rate Net Amount at Risk, Gross of Reinsurance (4) 
 Cash Surrender Value (5) 
 
 (1) Other consists of activity related to payout annuities without life contingencies, preneed, variable annuities and life products. 
 (2) Interest includes interest credited to policyholders account values, and interest accreted in other components of the policyholder account balance, including investment-type contract values, host amounts for contractholder deposits with embedded derivatives, funding agreements and other associated reserves. 
 (3) Other activity includes policy charges, fees and commissions, transfers, assumption changes, fair value changes and the impact of hedge fair value adjustments. 
 (4) Net amount at risk represents the difference between the face value of the insurance policy and the reserve accumulated under that same policy. 
 (5) Cash surrender values are reported net of any applicable surrender charges, net of reinsurance. 
 - bps Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 - bps Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 - bps Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 Greater Than bps Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 Total Less Than 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Greater Than 
 Total Percentage of Total 
 As of December 31, 2023 Account Values with Adjustable Crediting Rates Subject to Guaranteed Minimums: Range of guaranteed minimum crediting rates: At Guaranteed Minimum - bps Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 - bps Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 - bps Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 Greater Than bps Above Guaranteed Minimum 
 Total Less Than 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Greater Than 
 Total Percentage of Total 
 87 

) ) ) ) Balance at Original Discount Rate ) ) ) ) Effect of Changes in Cash Flow Assumptions Effect of Actual Variances from Expected Experience ) ) Adjusted Beginning of Period Balance ) ) ) ) Issuances ) ) Interest ) ) ) ) Net Premiums Collected Flooring Impact Ending Balance at Original Discount Rate ) ) ) ) Effect of Changes in Discount Rate Assumptions Balance as of End of Period ) ) ) ) Present Value of Expected Future Policy Benefits Balance as of Beginning of Period Balance at Original Discount Rate Effect of Changes in Cash Flow Assumptions ) ) ) ) ) Effect of Actual Variances from Expected Experience ) ) Adjusted Beginning of Period Balance Issuances Interest Benefit Payments ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance at Original Discount Rate Effect of Changes in Discount Rate Assumptions ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of End of Period Net Liability for Future Policy Benefits Less: Reinsurance Recoverable (3) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Net Liability for Future Policy Benefits, Net of Reinsurance Recoverables 
 (1) Payout annuities generally only have a single premium received at contract inception. As a result, the liability for future policy benefits generally would not reflect a present value for future premiums for payout annuities. 
 (2) Other consists of activity related to long-term care insurance, variable annuities, traditional life insurance, preneed insurance and fixed-rate annuity products. Mortality and morbidity risks associated with the long-term care insurance have been ceded to a third-party reinsurer. 
 (3) Reinsurance recoverables associated with the liability for future policy benefits is net of the effect of changes in discount rate assumptions of million and ) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the amount of gross premiums related to traditional and limited-payment contracts recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 88 

Other Total Products 
 The following table reflects the weighted-average duration and weighted-average interest rates of the future policy benefit liability as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 As of September 30, 2024 Payout Annuities Other Weighted-Average Interest Rates, Original Discount Rate Weighted-Average Interest Rates, Current Discount Rate Weighted-Average Liability Duration (Years, Current Rates) 
 As of December 31, 2023 Payout Annuities Other Weighted-Average Interest Rates, Original Discount Rate Weighted-Average Interest Rates, Current Discount Rate Weighted-Average Liability Duration (Years, Current Rates) 
 The following reflects the undiscounted ending balance of expected future gross premiums and expected future benefits and payments for traditional and limited-payment contracts, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 As of September 30, 2024 Payout Annuities Other Expected Future Benefit Payments, Undiscounted Expected Future Benefit Payments, Discounted (Original Discount Rate) Expected Future Benefit Payments, Discounted (Current Discount Rate) Expected Future Gross Premiums, Undiscounted Expected Future Gross Premiums, Discounted (Original Discount Rate) Expected Future Gross Premiums, Discounted (Current Discount Rate) 
 As of December 31, 2023 Payout Annuities Other Expected Future Benefit Payments, Undiscounted Expected Future Benefit Payments, Discounted (Original Discount Rate) Expected Future Benefit Payments, Discounted (Current Discount Rate) Expected Future Gross Premiums, Undiscounted Expected Future Gross Premiums, Discounted (Original Discount Rate) Expected Future Gross Premiums, Discounted (Current Discount Rate) 
 Significant inputs, judgments and assumptions used in measuring future policyholder benefits 
 Significant policyholder behavior and other assumption inputs to the calculation of the liability for future policy benefits include discount rates, mortality and, for life insurance, lapse rates. Global Atlantic reviews its assumptions at least annually, and more frequently if necessary. Accordingly, as part of the annual assumption review conducted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, mortality assumptions were revised for payout annuities, which resulted in a million increase to net income before taxes. 
 89 

million and million in other comprehensive income (loss) (gross of the impact of reinsurance), respectively, due to changes in the future policy benefits estimate from updating discount rates. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no changes to the methods used to determine the discount rates. 
 Additional liability for annuitization, death, or other insurance benefits 
 Effect of Changes in Cash Flow Assumptions ) Effect of Changes in Experience ) ) Adjusted Balance as of Beginning of Period Issuances Assessments Benefits Paid ) ) Interest Balance as of End of Period Less: Impact of Unrealized Investment Gains and Losses Less: Reinsurance Recoverable, End of Period Balance, End of Period, Net of Reinsurance Recoverable and Impact of Unrealized Investment Gains and Losses 
 
 The additional liability for annuitization, death, or other insurance benefits relates primarily to secondary guarantees on certain interest-sensitive life products, and preneed insurance. 
 
 The following reflects the weighted average duration and weighted average interest rate for the additional liability for annuitization, death, or other insurance benefits as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 As of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Weighted-Average Interest, Current Discount Rate Weighted-Average Liability Duration (Years) 
 Significant inputs, judgments and assumptions used in measuring the additional liabilities for annuitization, death, or other insurance benefits 
 Significant policyholder behavior assumption inputs to the calculation of the additional liability for annuitization, death, or other insurance benefits include mortality, lapse rates, investment yields and interest margin. Global Atlantic reviews its assumptions at least annually, and more frequently if necessary. Accordingly, as part of the annual assumption review conducted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, assumptions for lapse rates, investment yields, and interest margin were updated, which resulted in a million decrease in the additional liability for annuitization, death, and other insurance benefits. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, assumptions for lapse rates, investment yields, and option budget costs were updated, which resulted in a million increase in the additional liability for annuitization, death, or other insurance benefits. 
 90 

Balance as of Beginning of Period, Before Impact of Changes in Instrument-specific Credit Risk Issuances ) ) Interest Attributed Fees Collected Benefit Payments ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of Changes in Interest Rates ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of Changes in Equity Markets ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of Actual Experience Different from Assumptions ) ) Effect of Changes in Other Future Expected Assumptions ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of End of Period Before Impact of Changes in Instrument-Specific Credit Risk Effect of Changes in Instrument-specific Credit Risk Balance as of End of Period Less: Reinsurance Recoverable as of the End of the Period ) ) ) ) Balance as of End of Period, Net of Reinsurance Recoverable Net Amount at Risk Weighted-average Attained Age of Contract holders (Years) 
 
 The following reflects the reconciliation of the market risk benefits reflected in the preceding table to the amounts reported in an asset and liability position, respectively, in the consolidated statements of financial condition as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023: 
 As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Asset Liability Net Asset Liability Net Fixed-indexed Annuities ) ) Variable- and Other Annuities ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Significant inputs, judgments, and assumptions used in measuring market risk benefits 
 Significant policyholder behavior and other assumption inputs to the calculation of the market risk benefits include interest rates, instrument-specific credit risk, mortality rates, surrender rates, and utilization rates. Global Atlantic reviews its assumptions at least annually, and more frequently if evidence suggests. Accordingly, as part of the annual assumption review conducted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, assumptions for fixed-indexed annuities mortality, surrenders, and utilization, and variable annuity activations were updated, which resulted in a million increase to net income before taxes. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, assumptions for fixed-indexed annuity surrender and partial withdrawals, and variable annuity surrender and activations were updated, which resulted in a million increase to net income before taxes. 
 91 

Premiums and Deposits Surrenders, Withdrawals and Benefit Payments ) ) ) ) ) ) Investment Performance Other ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of End of Period Cash Surrender Value as of End of Period (1) 
 
 (1) Cash surrender value attributed to the separate accounts does not reflect the impact of surrender charges; surrender charges are attributed to policyholder account balances recorded in the general account. 
 Equity Fixed Income Money Market Alternative Total Assets Supporting Separate Account Liabilities 

92 

18. 
 and , respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effective tax rates were and , respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory rate primarily due to the portion of the reported net income (loss) before taxes not being attributable to KKR but rather being attributable to (i) third-party limited partner interests in consolidated investment funds and (ii) exchangeable securities representing ownership interests in KKR Group Partnership until they are exchanged for common stock of KKR Co. Inc. 
 In 2022, changes in market conditions, including rapidly rising interest rates, impacted the unrealized tax gains and losses in the available for sale securities portfolios of Global Atlantic, resulting in deferred tax assets related to net unrealized tax capital losses for which the carryforward period has not yet begun. As such, when assessing recoverability, Global Atlantic considered its ability and intent to hold the underlying securities to recovery. Global Atlantic concluded that a valuation allowance should be established on a portion of the deferred tax assets related to unrealized tax capital losses that are not more-likely-than-not to be realized, which represents the portion of the portfolio Global Atlantic estimates it would not be able to hold to recovery. As of September 30, 2024, Global Atlantic maintained million of valuation allowance associated with the unrealized tax capital losses in the available for sale securities portfolio. The establishment of the valuation allowance was recorded in other comprehensive income. Based on available evidence and various assumptions as to the timing of income, KKR believes it is likely that all other deferred tax assets will be realized. There was no change in the valuation allowance recorded as of September 30, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to KKR's uncertain tax positions and KKR believes there will not be a significant increase or decrease to these uncertain tax positions within 12 months of the reporting date. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (the IRA was signed into law. The IRA enacted a new 15 corporate alternative minimum tax ("CAMT") on the "adjusted financial statement income" of certain large corporations, which became effective on January 1, 2023. In addition, the IRA enacted a 1 excise tax on corporate stock repurchases completed after December 31, 2022. KKR reviewed the impact and concluded there was no impact on income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and will continue to review and monitor the issuance of additional guidance from the U.S. Treasury and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 On December 20, 2021, the OECD released Pillar Two Model Rules, which contemplate a global 15 minimum tax rate. The OECD continues to release additional guidance, including administrative guidance on interpretation and application of Pillar Two, and many countries are passing legislation to comply with Pillar Two. The changes contemplated by Pillar Two, when enacted by various countries in which we do business, may increase our taxes in such countries. Based on the available legislation, KKR concluded there was no material impact on income taxes with respect to Pillar Two for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. KKR will continue to evaluate the potential future impacts of Pillar Two and will continue to review and monitor the issuance of additional guidance. 
 
 93 

19. 
 Insurance Total 
 
 KKR Equity Incentive Awards 
 Under KKR's equity incentive plans, KKR is permitted to grant equity awards representing ownership interests in KKR Co. Inc. common stock. On March 29, 2019, the Amended and Restated KKR Co. Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2019 Equity Incentive Plan") became effective. Following the effectiveness of the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, KKR no longer makes further grants under the Amended and Restated KKR Co. Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2010 Equity Incentive Plan" and, together with the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, our "Equity Incentive Plans"), and the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan became KKR's only plan for providing new equity awards by KKR Co. Inc. Outstanding awards under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan will remain outstanding, unchanged and subject to the terms of the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan and their respective equity award agreements, until the vesting, expiration or lapse of such awards in accordance with their terms. The total number of equity awards representing shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan is equivalent to of the aggregate number of the shares of common stock and KKR Group Partnership Units (excluding KKR Group Partnership Units held by KKR Co. Inc. or its wholly-owned subsidiaries), subject to annual adjustment. As of September 30, 2024, shares may be issued under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. KKR has also issued equity grants in the form of restricted holdings units through KKR Holdings III L.P. ("KKR Holdings III"), which are not issued under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and are currently held by certain Global Atlantic employees. Equity awards granted generally consist of (i) restricted stock units that convert into shares of common stock of KKR Co. Inc. (or cash equivalent) upon vesting and (ii) restricted holdings units that are exchangeable into shares of common stock of KKR Co. Inc. upon vesting and certain other conditions, including those described below. 
 Service-Vesting Awards 
 KKR grants restricted stock units and restricted holdings units that are subject to service-based vesting, typically over a three to period from the date of grant (referred to hereafter as "Service-Vesting Awards"). In certain cases, these Service-Vesting Awards may have a percentage of the award that vests immediately upon grant, and certain Service-Vesting Awards may have vesting periods longer than . Additionally, some but not all Service-Vesting Awards are subject to transfer restrictions and/or minimum retained ownership requirements. Generally, the transfer restriction period, if applicable, lasts for (i) with respect to one-half of the awards vesting on any vesting date and (ii) with respect to the other one-half of the awards vesting on such vesting date. While providing services to KKR, some but not all of these awards are also subject to minimum retained ownership rules requiring the award recipient to continuously hold shares of common stock equivalents equal to at least of their cumulatively vested awards that have or had the minimum retained ownership requirement. Holders of the Service-Vesting Awards do not participate in dividends until such awards have met their vesting requirements. 
 Expense associated with the vesting of these Service-Vesting Awards is based on the closing price of KKR Co. Inc. common stock on the date of grant, discounted for the lack of participation rights in the expected dividends on unvested equity awards. Expense is recognized on a straight line basis over the life of the award and assumes a forfeiture rate of up to annually based upon expected turnover by class of recipient. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of total estimated unrecognized expense related to unvested Service-Vesting Awards, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining requisite service period of years. 
 94 

Granted Vested ) Forfeitures ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 (1) Unvested Service-Vesting Awards include restricted stock units and restricted holdings units granted to Global Atlantic employees. 
 
 Market Condition Awards 
 KKR also grants restricted stock units and restricted holdings units that are subject to both a service-based vesting condition and a market price based vesting condition (referred to hereafter as "Market Condition Awards"). The following is a discussion of the Market Condition Awards, excluding the Co-CEO Awards (as defined and discussed below). 
 The number of Market Condition Awards (other than the Co-CEO awards) that will vest depend upon (i) the market price of KKR common stock reaching certain price targets that range from to and (ii) the employee being employed by KKR on a certain date, which typically ranges from five to from the date of grant (with exceptions for involuntary termination without cause, death and permanent disability). The market price vesting condition is met when the average closing price of KKR common stock during consecutive trading days meets or exceeds the stock price targets. Holders of the Market Condition Awards do not participate in dividends until such awards have met both their service-based and market price based vesting requirements. Additionally, these awards are subject to additional transfer restrictions and minimum retained ownership requirements after vesting. 
 Due to the existence of the service requirement, the vesting period for these Market Condition Awards (other than the Co-CEO awards) is explicit, and as such, compensation expense will be recognized on (i) a straight-line basis over the period from the date of grant through the date the award recipient is required to be employed by KKR and (ii) assumes a forfeiture rate of up to annually based upon expected turnover. The fair value of the awards granted are based on a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. In addition, the grant date fair value assumes that holders of the Market Condition Awards will not participate in dividends until such awards have met all of their vesting requirements. 
 - 
 Closing KKR share price as of valuation date - 
 Risk Free Rate - 
 Volatility - 
 Dividend Yield - 
 Expected Cost of Equity - 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of total estimated unrecognized expense related to these unvested Market Condition Awards, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining requisite service period of years. 
 95 

Granted Vested ) Forfeitures ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 (1) Unvested Market Condition Awards include restricted holdings units granted to Global Atlantic employees. 
 As of September 30, 2024, million units of these Market Condition awards have met their market price based vesting condition. 
 Co-CEO Awards 
 On December 9, 2021, the Board of Directors approved grants of million restricted holdings units to each of KKR s Co-Chief Executive Officers that are subject to both a service-based vesting condition and a market price based vesting condition (referred to hereafter as "Co-CEOs Awards"). For both Co-Chief Executive Officers, of the Co-CEOs Awards are eligible to vest at each of the following KKR common stock prices targets: , , , and . The market price based vesting condition is met when the average closing price of KKR common stock during consecutive trading days meets or exceeds the stock price targets. In addition to the market price based vesting conditions, in order for the award to vest, the Co-Chief Executive Officer is required to be employed by KKR on December 31, 2026 (with exceptions for involuntary termination without cause, death and permanent disability). 
 These awards will be automatically canceled and forfeited upon the earlier of a Co-Chief Executive Officer s termination of service (except for involuntary termination without cause, death or permanent disability) or the failure to meet the market price based vesting condition by December 31, 2028 (for which continued service is required if the market price vesting condition is met after December 31, 2026). Co-CEO Awards do not participate in dividends until such awards have met both their service-based and market price based vesting requirements. Additionally, these awards are subject to additional transfer restrictions and minimum retained ownership requirements after vesting. 
 Due to the existence of the service requirement, the vesting period for these Co-CEO Awards is explicit, and as such, compensation expense will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the period from the date of grant through December 31, 2026 given the derived service period is less than the explicit service period. The fair value of the awards granted are based on a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. In addition, the grant date fair value assumes that these Co-CEO Awards will not participate in dividends until such awards have met all of their vesting requirements. 
 Closing KKR share price as of valuation date Risk Free Rate Volatility Dividend Yield Expected Cost of Equity 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of total estimated unrecognized expense related to these unvested Co-CEO Awards, which is expected to be recognized ratably from October 1, 2024 to December 31, 2026. As of September 30, 2024, million units of these Co-CEO awards have met their market price based vesting condition. 
 
 96 

or more payments upon vesting equal to the product of an initial dollar value set by the award multiplied by a pre-determined formula as of each applicable vesting date. The predetermined formula is equal to the quotient determined by dividing the book value of share of TGAFG on the applicable vesting date by the book value of a share on the original grant date, subject to adjustments. Book value awards generally vested in equal, annual installments, subject to continued employment. 
 BVAs were accounted for as profit sharing arrangements in accordance with ASC 710. On January 2, 2024, KKR replaced the BVAs with approximately million of Service-Vesting Awards granted pursuant to our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, which are accounted for as equity classified awards in scope of ASC 718. As such, this modification resulted in (i) a change in scope from ASC 710 to ASC 718, (ii) a change in classification from liability to equity and (iii) a corresponding reclassification of million from Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities to Additional Paid-In Capital in the consolidated statement of financial condition. Accordingly, these awards will no longer be remeasured to fair value after the modification date. No incremental expense recognition was required upon the modification of the BVAs, because no incremental value was transferred to the employees. The service and vesting conditions of the Service-Vesting Awards mirror those of the BVAs. 
 Modification and Replacement of GA Equity Incentive Plan Awards - Insurance 
 On June 24, 2021, Global Atlantic issued non-voting incentive shares to a Bermuda exempted partnership owned by certain Global Atlantic employees, who are eligible to receive incentive units under the GA Equity Incentive Plan. These incentive units represented an interest in the receipt of certain amounts based on Global Atlantic's book value, market value, and AUM, in each case as derived in part from the value of TGAFG s fully-diluted equity shares. 
 The GA Equity Incentive Plan awards were accounted for as a hybrid compensation plan, consisting of one component most closely aligned with a profit-sharing plan under ASC 710, Compensation - General, as well as other components within scope of ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, in all cases with obligations liability-classified. Accordingly, with regard to awards within scope of ASC 710, Global Atlantic recorded expense based on payouts deemed to be probable and reasonably estimable based on the book value growth of Global Atlantic at the grant date and at each reporting period. For award components subject to liability-classification under ASC 718, Global Atlantic recorded expense, net of a estimated forfeiture rate, based on the fair value of awards granted, with periodic adjustments to expense for changes in fair value, over the requisite -year service period. 
 On January 2, 2024, KKR replaced the GA Equity Incentive Plan awards with (i) million of Service-Vesting Awards with a remaining vesting period of approximately years and approximately million of Market Condition Awards, both of which are accounted for as equity classified awards in scope of ASC 718, and (ii) approximately million in vested KKR Holdings III restricted holdings units. As such, this modification resulted in (i) a change in scope from ASC 710 to ASC 718 for a portion of the award, (ii) a change in classification from liability to equity and (iii) a corresponding reclassification of million from Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities to Additional Paid-In Capital in the consolidated statement of financial condition. No incremental expense recognition was required upon the modification of the GA Equity Incentive Plan awards, because no incremental value was transferred to the employees. 
 annually based upon expected turnover. The fair value of the awards granted are based on a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. 
 
 97 

20. 
 Amounts due from portfolio companies Due from Affiliates 
 Due to Affiliates consists of: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amounts due to current and former employees under the tax receivable agreement Amounts due to unconsolidated investment funds Due to Affiliates 

98 

21. 
 reportable segments which are presented below and reflect how its chief operating decision-makers allocate resources and assess performance: 
 Asset Management - The asset management business offers a broad range of investment management services to investment funds, vehicles and accounts (including Global Atlantic and the Strategic Holdings segment) and provides capital markets services to portfolio companies and third parties. This reportable segment also reflects how its business lines operate collaboratively with predominantly a single expense pool. 
 Insurance - The insurance business is operated by Global Atlantic, which is a leading U.S. retirement and life insurance company that provides a broad suite of protection, legacy and savings products and reinsurance solutions to clients across individual and institutional markets. Global Atlantic primarily generates income by earning a spread between its investment income and the cost of policyholder benefits. 
 Strategic Holdings - The strategic holdings business initially represents KKR's participation in the core private equity strategy, which was previously presented in the Asset Management segment s Principal Activities business line. This segment primarily generates income from dividends from these businesses. Dividends are presented net of management fees paid to our Asset Management segment. If KKR were to sell a portion or all of a business reported in Strategic Holdings, the realized gain or loss would be presented as realized investment income reduced by the performance fee paid to our Asset Management segment. 
 KKR s segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and assess performance across KKR s reportable segments is presented prior to giving effect to the allocation of income (loss) among KKR Co. Inc. and holders of any exchangeable securities, and the consolidation of the investment funds, vehicles and accounts that KKR advises, manages or sponsors (including CFEs). KKR's segment profitability measure excludes: (i) equity-based compensation charges, (ii) amortization of acquired intangibles, and (iii) transaction-related and non-operating items, if any. Transaction-related and non-operating items arise from corporate actions and non-operating items, which consist of : (i) impairments, (ii) transaction costs from acquisitions, (iii) depreciation on real estate that KKR owns and occupies, (iv) contingent liabilities, net of any recoveries, and (v) other gains or charges that affect period-to-period comparability and are not reflective of KKR's ongoing operational performance. Inter-segment transactions are not eliminated from segment results when management considers those transactions in assessing the results of the respective segments. These transactions include (i) management fees earned by the Asset Management segment as the investment adviser for Global Atlantic insurance companies, (ii) management and performance fees earned by the Asset Management segment from the Strategic Holdings segment, and (iii) interest income and expense based on lending arrangements where the Asset Management segment borrows from the Insurance segment. All these inter-segment transactions are recorded by each segment based on the applicable governing agreements. Total Segment Earnings represents the total segment earnings of KKR s Asset Management, Insurance and Strategic Holdings segments: 
 Asset Management Segment Earnings is the segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and to assess the performance of the Asset Management segment. This measure is presented before income taxes and is comprised of: (i) Fee Related Earnings, (ii) Realized Performance Income, (iii) Realized Performance Income Compensation, (iv) Realized Investment Income, and (v) Realized Investment Income Compensation. The non-operating adjustments made to derive Asset Management Segment Earnings excludes the impact of: (i) unrealized gains (losses) on investments, (ii) unrealized carried interest, and (iii) unrealized carried interest compensation. Management fees earned by KKR as the adviser, manager or sponsor for its investment funds, vehicles and accounts, including its Global Atlantic insurance companies and Strategic Holdings segment, are included in Asset Management Segment Earnings. 
 Insurance Operating Earnings is the segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and to assess the performance of the Insurance segment. This measure is presented before income taxes and is comprised of: (i) Net Investment Income, (ii) Net Cost of Insurance, and (iii) General, Administrative, and Other Expenses. The non-operating adjustments made to derive Insurance Operating Earnings excludes the impact of: (i) investment gains (losses) which include realized gains (losses) related to asset/liability matching investment strategies and unrealized investment gains (losses) and (ii) non-operating changes in policy liabilities and derivatives which includes (a) changes in the fair value of market risk benefits and other policy liabilities measured at fair value and related benefit payments, (b) fees attributed to guaranteed benefits, (c) derivatives used to manage the risks associated with policy liabilities, and (d) losses at contract issuance on payout annuities. Insurance Operating Earnings includes (i) realized gains and losses not related to asset/liability matching investment strategies and (ii) the investment management costs that are earned by our Asset Management segment as the investment adviser of the Global Atlantic insurance companies. 
 99 

100 

Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net Fee Related Performance Revenues Fee Related Compensation ) ) ) ) Other Operating Expenses ) ) ) ) Fee Related Earnings Realized Performance Income (3) 
 Realized Performance Income Compensation ) ) ) ) Realized Investment Income (4) 
 Realized Investment Income Compensation ) ) ) ) Asset Management Segment Earnings Insurance Net Investment Income (1) (4) 
 Net Cost of Insurance ) ) ) ) General, Administrative and Other ) ) ) ) Pre-tax Operating Earnings Pre-tax Operating Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests ) ) Insurance Operating Earnings Strategic Holdings Dividends, Net (2) 
 Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings Net Realized Investment Income (3) 
 Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings Total Segment Earnings (1) Includes intersegment management fees of million and million between Asset Management and Insurance segments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Includes intersegment management fees of million between the Asset Management and the Strategic Holdings segments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Includes intersegment performances fees of million between the Asset Management and the Strategic Holdings segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (4) Includes intersegment interest expense of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024 2023 Segment Assets: Asset Management Insurance Strategic Holdings Total Segment Assets Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Non-cash expenses excluded from Segment Earnings 2024 2023 2024 2023 Equity Based Compensation and Other Asset Management Insurance (1) 
 Total Non-cash expenses 
 (1) Amounts include the portion allocable to KKR Co. Inc. 
 101 

Impact of Consolidation and Other Asset Management Adjustments: Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) (GAAP) ) ) ) ) Realized Carried Interest Realized Investment Income Capstone Fees ) ) ) ) Expense Reimbursements ) ) ) ) Strategic Holdings Adjustments: Realized Investment Income and Dividends Insurance Adjustments: Net Premiums ) ) ) ) Policy Fees ) ) ) ) Other Income ) ) ) ) (Gains) Losses from Investments (1) 
 ) Non-operating Changes in Policy Liabilities and Derivatives ) ) Total Segment Revenues (2) 
 
 (1) Includes gains and losses on funds withheld receivables and payables embedded derivatives. 
 (2) Total Segment Revenues is comprised of (i) Management Fees, (ii) Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net, (iii) Fee Related Performance Revenues, (iv) Realized Performance Income, (v) Realized Investment Income, (vi) Net Investment Income and (vii) Dividends, Net. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income (Loss) Before Tax (GAAP) Impact of Consolidation and Other ) ) ) ) Interest Expense, Net Asset Management Adjustments: Unrealized (Gains) Losses ) ) ) Unrealized Carried Interest ) ) ) ) Unrealized Carried Interest Compensation Transaction-related and Non-operating Items Equity-based compensation Equity-based compensation - Performance based Strategic Holdings Adjustments: Unrealized (Gains) Losses ) ) ) ) Insurance Adjustments: (1) 
 (Gains) Losses from Investments (1)(2) 
 ) Non-operating Changes in Policy Liabilities and Derivatives (1) 
 ) Transaction-related and Non-operating Items (1) 
 Equity-based and Other Compensation (1) 
 Amortization of Acquired Intangibles (1) 
 Total Segment Earnings 
 (1) Amounts represent the portion allocable to KKR Co. Inc. 
 (2) Includes gains and losses on funds withheld receivables and payables embedded derivatives. 
 102 

Impact of Consolidation and Reclassifications ) ) Carry Pool Reclassifications ) Total Segment Assets 
 
 22. 
 per share of Series I preferred stock. The Series I preferred stock will be eliminated on the Sunset Date (as defined in Note 1 "Organization"), which is scheduled to occur not later than December 31, 2026. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. Under KKR's repurchase program, shares of common stock of KKR Co. Inc. may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by KKR in its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. In addition to the repurchases of common stock, the repurchase program will be used for the retirement (by cash settlement or the payment of tax withholding amounts upon net settlement) of equity awards granted pursuant to our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan representing the right to receive common stock. KKR expects that the program, which has no expiration date, will be in effect until the maximum approved dollar amount has been used. The program does not require KKR to repurchase or retire any specific number of shares of common stock or equity awards, respectively, and the program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. As of October 18, 2024, there was approximately million remaining under the program. In April 2024, the share repurchase program was amended such that when the remaining available amount under the share repurchase program becomes million or less, the total available amount under the share repurchase program will automatically add an additional million to the then remaining available amount of million or less. 
 Equity awards for common stock retired 
 103 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax ) ) Equity-Based Compensation (Non Cash Contribution) Change in KKR Co. Inc.'s Ownership Interest ) Capital Contributions Capital Distributions ) ) Changes in Consolidation ) Balance at the end of the period 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Beginning of Period (as previously reported for the prior period) Adoption of New Accounting Standard Balance at the beginning of the period (as revised for the prior period) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax ) ) Compensation Modification - Issuance of Holdings III Units (See Note 19) Equity-Based Compensation (Non Cash Contribution) 2024 GA Acquisition - Cash consideration (See Note 1) ) 2024 GA Acquisition - Issuance of Holdings III Units (See Note 1) Change in KKR Co. Inc.'s Ownership - 2024 GA Acquisition Change in KKR Co. Inc.'s Ownership Interest ) ) Capital Contributions Capital Distributions ) ) Changes in Consolidation ) Balance at the end of the period 
 
 104 

23. 
 million as of December 31, 2023, as determined by the hypothetical liquidation at book value ("HLBV") method. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests ) ) Capital Contributions Capital Distributions ) ) Change in KKR Co. Inc.'s Ownership Interest ) Balance at the end of the period 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Balance at the beginning of the period Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests ) Capital Contributions Capital Distributions ) ) Change in KKR Co. Inc.'s Ownership Interest ) Changes in Consolidation ) Balance at the end of the period 
 105 

24. 
 billion to its investment funds and vehicles. KKR has also agreed for certain of its investment vehicles to fund or otherwise be liable for a portion of their investment losses (up to a maximum of approximately million) and/or to provide them with liquidity upon certain termination events (the maximum amount of which is unknown until the scheduled termination date of the investment vehicle). 
 In addition to these uncalled commitments and funding obligations to KKR's investment funds and vehicles, KKR has entered into contractual commitments primarily with respect to underwriting transactions, debt financing, revolving credit facilities, and syndications in KKR's Capital Markets business line. As of September 30, 2024, these commitments amounted to billion. Whether these amounts are actually funded, in whole or in part, depends on the contractual terms of such commitments, including the satisfaction or waiver of any conditions to closing or funding. KKR's capital markets business has arrangements with third parties, which reduce its risk when underwriting certain debt transactions, and thus our unfunded commitments as of September 30, 2024 have been reduced to reflect the amount to be funded by such third parties. As of September 30, 2024, KKR's capital markets business line has entered into such arrangements representing a total notional amount of billion. In the case of purchases of investments or assets in our Principal Activities business line, the amount to be funded includes amounts that are intended to be syndicated to third parties, and the actual amounts to be funded may be less. 
 Global Atlantic has commitments to purchase or fund investments of billion as of September 30, 2024. These commitments include those related to mortgage loans, other lending facilities and other investments. For those commitments that represent a contractual obligation to extend credit, Global Atlantic has recorded a liability of million for current expected credit losses as of September 30, 2024. 
 In addition, Global Atlantic has entered into certain forward flow agreements to purchase loans. Global Atlantic's obligations under these agreements are subject to change, curtailment, and cancellation based on various provisions including repricing mechanics, due diligence reviews, and performance or pool quality, among other factors. 
 Global Atlantic has certain contingent funding obligations related to development-stage renewable energy projects in the amount of million, as of September 30, 2024, with expiration dates occurring between November 2024 and September 2027. For accounting purposes, these contingent funding obligations are considered guarantees of the obligations of the development-stage renewable energy projects. Global Atlantic monitors the likelihood of these funding obligations being drawn upon. 
 Non-cancelable Operating Leases 
 KKR's non-cancelable operating leases consist of leases of office space around the world. There are no material rent holidays, contingent rent, rent concessions or leasehold improvement incentives associated with any of these property leases. In addition to base rentals, certain lease agreements are subject to escalation provisions and rent expense is recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the lease agreement. 
 Global Atlantic also enters into land leases for its consolidated investments in renewable energy. 
 Contingent Repayment Guarantees 
 The partnership documents governing KKR's carry-paying investment funds and vehicles generally include a "clawback" provision that, if triggered, may give rise to a contingent obligation requiring the general partner to return amounts to the fund for distribution to the fund investors at the end of the life of the fund. Under a clawback obligation, upon the liquidation of a fund, the general partner is required to return, typically on an after-tax basis, previously distributed carry to the extent that, due to the diminished performance of later investments, the aggregate amount of carry distributions received by the general partner during the term of the fund exceed the amount to which the general partner was ultimately entitled, including the effects of any performance thresholds. KKR has guaranteed its general partners' clawback obligations. 
 106 

million of carried interest was subject to this clawback obligation, assuming that all applicable carry-paying funds and their alternative investment vehicles were liquidated at their September 30, 2024 fair values. Although KKR would be required to remit the entire amount to fund investors that are entitled to receive the clawback payment, KKR would be entitled to seek reimbursement of approximately million of that amount from Associates Holdings, which is not a KKR subsidiary. As of September 30, 2024, Associates Holdings had access to cash reserves sufficient to reimburse the full million that would be due to KKR. If the investments in all carry-paying funds were to be liquidated at value, the clawback obligation would have been approximately billion, and KKR would be entitled to seek reimbursement of approximately billion of that amount from Associates Holdings. KKR will acquire control of Associates Holdings when a subsidiary of KKR becomes its general partner upon the closing of the transactions contemplated to occur on the Sunset Date (as defined in Note 1 "Organization"), which will occur not later than December 31, 2026. 
 Carried interest is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations based on the contractual conditions set forth in the agreements governing the fund as if the fund were terminated and liquidated at the reporting date and the fund's investments were realized at the then estimated fair values. Amounts earned pursuant to carried interest are earned by the general partner of those funds to the extent that cumulative investment returns are positive and where applicable, preferred return thresholds have been met. If these investment amounts earned decrease or turn negative in subsequent periods, recognized carried interest will be reversed and to the extent that the aggregate amount of carry distributions received by the general partner during the term of the fund exceed the amount to which the general partner was ultimately entitled, a clawback obligation would be recorded. For funds that are consolidated, this clawback obligation, if any, is reflected as an increase in noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statements of financial condition. For funds that are not consolidated, this clawback obligation, if any, is reflected as a reduction of KKR's investment balance as this is where carried interest is initially recorded. 
 Indemnifications and Other Guarantees 
 Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Segment 
 KKR may incur contingent liabilities for claims that may be made against it in the future. KKR enters into contracts that contain a variety of representations, warranties and covenants, including indemnifications. KKR (including KFN) and certain of KKR's investment funds have provided and provide certain credit support, such as indemnities and guarantees, relating to a variety of matters, including non-recourse carve-out guarantees for fraud, willful misconduct and other wrongful acts in connection with the financing of (i) certain real estate investments that we have made, including KKR's corporate real estate, and (ii) certain investment vehicles that KKR manages or sponsors. 
 
 KKR also has provided, and provides, credit support in connection with its businesses, including: 
 
 i. to certain of its subsidiaries' obligations in connection with a limited number of investment vehicles that KKR manages, 
 
 ii. in connection with repayment and funding obligations to third-party lenders on behalf of certain employees, excluding its executive officers, in connection with their personal investments in KKR investment funds and a levered multi-asset investment vehicle, 
 
 iii. to one of its hedge fund partnerships, 
 
 iv. through a contingent guarantee of a subsidiary s loan repayment obligations, which does not become effective unless and until its loan becomes accelerated due to certain specified events of default involving the investment vehicles managed by KJRM, 
 
 v. the obligations of our subsidiaries' funding obligations to our investment vehicles, and 
 
 vi. certain of our investment vehicles to fund or otherwise be liable for a portion of their investment losses and/or to provide them with liquidity upon certain termination events (the maximum amount of which is unknown until the scheduled termination date of the investment vehicle). 
 
 In addition, KKR has agreed to tender to one of its consolidated investment vehicles up to a fixed number of shares that KKR owns in it if the net asset value of such shares is less than an agreed upon value on June 1, 2027. 
 KKR may also become liable for certain fees payable to sellers of businesses or assets if a transaction does not close, subject to certain conditions, if any, specified in the acquisition agreements for such businesses or assets. 
 107 

period totaling million. As of September 30, 2024, the present value of the remaining amount to be paid is million. Although these payments are subordinated and deferrable, deferral of these payments would result in restrictions on distributions by GA FinCo and GAFG. 
 Unless otherwise stated above, KKR's maximum exposure under the arrangements described under this section Indemnifications and Other Guarantees are currently unknown as there are no stated or notional amounts included in these arrangements and KKR's liabilities for these matters would require a claim to be made against KKR in the future. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, KKR (including Global Atlantic) is involved in various legal proceedings, requests for information, lawsuits, arbitration and claims incidental to the conduct of KKR's businesses. KKR's businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory or other legal proceedings against them. Moreover, in the ordinary course of business, KKR is and can be both the defendant and the plaintiff in numerous lawsuits with respect to acquisitions, bankruptcy, insolvency and other events. Such lawsuits may involve claims that adversely affect the value of certain investments owned by KKR's funds and Global Atlantic's insurance companies. 
 Kentucky Matter 
 In December 2017, KKR Co. L.P. (which is now KKR Group Co. Inc.) and its then Co-Chief Executive Officers, Henry Kravis and George Roberts, were named as defendants in a lawsuit filed in Kentucky state court (the 2017 Action alleging, among other things, the violation of fiduciary and other duties in connection with certain separately managed accounts that Prisma Capital Partners LP, a former subsidiary of KKR, manages for the Kentucky Retirement Systems. Also named as defendants in the lawsuit are certain current and former trustees and officers of the Kentucky Retirement Systems, Prisma Capital Partners LP, and various other service providers to the Kentucky Retirement Systems and their related persons. The 2017 Action was dismissed at the direction of the Supreme Court of Kentucky for lack of Kentucky constitutional standing. This dismissal became final on February 16, 2024. 
 On July 21, 2020, the Office of the Attorney General, on behalf of the Commonwealth of Kentucky (the "Kentucky AG"), filed a new lawsuit in the same Kentucky state court (the 2020 AG Action making essentially the same allegations as those raised in the 2017 Action, including against what was then KKR Co. Inc. (now KKR Group Co. Inc.) and Messrs. Kravis and Roberts. On May 1, 2024, the trial court denied motions to dismiss the 2020 AG Action filed by KKR Co. Inc. and Messrs. Kravis and Roberts. 
 On April 8, 2024, after receiving permission from the Kentucky trial court in the 2020 AG Action, the Kentucky AG amended its complaint in the 2020 AG Action to add a claim for breach of contract. The Kentucky AG also filed an action (the "2024 AG Action") substantially identical to the 2020 AG Action, including the new claim for breach of contract. On April 23, 2024, KKR Co. Inc., Messrs. Kravis and Roberts and other defendants moved to strike the Kentucky AG's amended complaint in the 2020 AG Action, to stay consideration of the breach of contract claim and the 2024 AG Action until after the trial court's ruling on the motions to dismiss the 2020 AG Action, and to deny a motion by the Kentucky AG to consolidate the 2020 AG Action and the 2024 AG Action. These motions were denied, and the trial court consolidated the 2020 AG Action with the 2024 AG Action. On June 17, 2024, KKR Co. Inc., Messrs. Kravis and Roberts and other defendants filed new motions to dismiss the consolidated 2020 AG Action and 2024 AG Action. 
 In January 2021, some of the attorneys for the plaintiffs in the 2017 Action filed a new lawsuit on behalf of a new set of plaintiffs, who claim to be Tier 3 members of Kentucky Retirement Systems (the Tier 3 Plaintiffs ), alleging substantially the same allegations as in the 2017 Action. On July 9, 2021, the Tier 3 Plaintiffs served an amended complaint, which purports to assert, on behalf of a class of beneficiaries of Kentucky Retirement Systems, direct claims for breach of fiduciary duty and civil violations under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act RICO ). This complaint was removed to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky, which has entered an order staying this case until the completion of the 2020 AG Action. On August 20, 2021, the Tier 3 Plaintiffs and other individual plaintiffs filed a second complaint in Kentucky state court (the Second Tier 3 Action ), purportedly on behalf of Kentucky Retirement Systems funds, alleging the same claims against what was then KKR Co. Inc. (now KKR Group Co. Inc.) and Messrs. Kravis and Roberts as in the July 9th amended complaint but without the RICO or class action allegations. On May 1, 2024, the trial court denied motions to dismiss 
 108 

109 

million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are included in insurance expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total capacity of the financing arrangements with third parties was billion and billion, respectively. 
 Other than the matters disclosed above, there were no outstanding or unpaid balances from the financing arrangements with unaffiliated third parties as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 25. 
 per share of common stock of KKR Co. Inc. has been declared and was announced on October 24, 2024. This dividend will be paid on November 19, 2024 to common stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 4, 2024. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of KKR Co. Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, and the related notes included elsewhere in this report and our Annual Report, including the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained therein. In addition, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described under "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements" and "Business Environment" in this report and our Annual Report and "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report, and our other filings with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report are hereafter referred to as the "financial statements." Additionally, the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition are referred to herein as the "consolidated statements of financial condition"; the condensed consolidated statements of operations are referred to herein as the "consolidated statements of operations"; the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) are referred to herein as the "consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss)"; the condensed consolidated statements of changes in equity are referred to herein as the "consolidated statements of changes in equity"; and the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows are referred to herein as the "consolidated statements of cash flows." 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. We aim to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in our portfolio companies and communities. We sponsor investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and have strategic partners that manage hedge funds. Our insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic. 
 Our asset management business offers a broad range of investment management services to fund investors around the world. Throughout our history, we have consistently been a leader in the private equity industry, having completed approximately 765 private equity investments in portfolio companies with a total transaction value in excess of 735 billion as of September 30, 2024. Since the inception of our firm in 1976, we have expanded our investment strategies and product offerings from traditional private equity to areas such as leveraged credit, alternative credit, infrastructure, energy, real estate, growth equity, core private equity, and impact investments. We also provide capital markets services for our firm, our portfolio companies and third parties. Our balance sheet provides a significant source of capital in the growth and expansion of our business, and it has allowed us to further align our interests with those of our fund investors. Building on these efforts and leveraging our industry expertise and intellectual capital have allowed us to capitalize on a broader range of the opportunities we source and has also enabled the firm to establish a new reporting segment called Strategic Holdings, which is currently comprised of the firm s participation in our core private equity strategy. 
 Our insurance business is operated by Global Atlantic, in which we acquired a majority controlling interest on February 1, 2021 and the remaining equity interests in Global Atlantic that KKR did not already own on January 2, 2024. Global Atlantic is a leading retirement and life insurance company that provides a broad suite of protection, legacy and savings products and reinsurance solutions to clients across individual and institutional markets. Global Atlantic primarily offers individuals fixed-rate annuities, fixed-indexed annuities and targeted life products through a network of banks, broker-dealers and independent marketing organizations. Global Atlantic provides its institutional clients customized reinsurance solutions, including block, flow and pension risk transfer reinsurance, as well as funding agreements. Global Atlantic primarily generates income by earning a spread between its investment income and the cost of policyholder benefits. As of September 30, 2024, Global Atlantic served over three million policyholders. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Asset Management 
 Our asset management business offers a broad range of investment management services to fund investors around the world. In our asset management business, we have five business lines: (1) Private Equity, (2) Real Assets, (3) Credit and Liquid Strategies, (4) Capital Markets, and (5) Principal Activities. In addition to the overviews of each of these business lines provided in this report, please also refer to our Annual Report. As an asset management firm, we earn fees, including management fees and incentive fees, and carried interest for providing investment management and other services to our funds, vehicles, CLOs, managed accounts and portfolio companies, and we generate transaction fees from capital markets transactions. We earn additional investment income by investing our own capital alongside that of our fund investors and from other assets on our balance sheet. Carried interest we receive from our funds and certain other investment vehicles entitles us to a specified percentage of investment gains that are generated on third-party capital that is invested. The Asset Management segment continues to reflect how the chief operating decision makers allocate resources and assess performance in the asset management business, which includes operating collaboratively across asset management business lines, with predominantly a single expense pool. 
 
 Private Equity 
 Through our Private Equity business line, we manage and sponsor a group of private equity funds that invest capital for long-term appreciation, either through controlling ownership of a company or strategic non-controlling minority positions. In addition to our traditional private equity funds that invest in large and mid-sized companies, we sponsor funds that invest in core private equity, growth equity, and impact investments. Our Private Equity business line includes separately managed accounts that invest in multiple strategies, which may include our credit and real assets strategies, as well as our private equity strategies. These funds and accounts are managed by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P., an SEC-registered investment adviser. As of September 30, 2024, our Private Equity business line had 190.2 billion of AUM, consisting of 134.7 billion in traditional private equity, 37.0 billion in core private equity and 18.5 billion in growth equity, which includes 4.6 billion of impact investments. 
 The table below presents information as of September 30, 2024, relating to our current private equity and other vehicles reported in our Private Equity business line for which we have the ability to earn carried interest. This data does not reflect acquisitions or disposals of investments, changes in investment values, or distributions occurring after September 30, 2024. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Period Amount in millions) Start 
 Date (1) 
 End 
 Date (2) 
 Commitment (3) 
 Uncalled Commitments Invested Realized Remaining 
 Cost (4) 
 Remaining Fair Value Gross Accrued Carried Interest Private Equity Business Line North America Fund XIII 8/2021 8/2027 18,400 6,142 12,428 182 12,132 15,243 426 Americas Fund XII 5/2017 5/2021 13,500 1,496 12,610 11,355 9,326 19,668 1,780 North America Fund XI 11/2012 1/2017 8,718 48 10,165 23,097 2,526 3,362 209 2006 Fund (5) 
 9/2006 9/2012 17,642 17,309 37,423 Millennium Fund (5) 
 12/2002 12/2008 6,000 6,000 14,129 Ascendant Fund 6/2022 6/2028 4,328 4,328 European Fund VI 6/2022 6/2028 7,486 5,821 1,665 1,665 1,009 European Fund V 7/2019 2/2022 6,369 684 5,802 1,320 5,059 7,527 418 European Fund IV 2/2015 3/2019 3,512 19 3,644 5,726 1,621 2,503 167 European Fund III (5) 
 3/2008 3/2014 5,508 148 5,360 10,625 151 21 (53) European Fund II (5) 
 11/2005 10/2008 5,751 5,751 8,533 Asian Fund IV 7/2020 7/2026 14,735 7,997 7,362 1,202 7,030 10,419 618 Asian Fund III 8/2017 7/2020 9,000 1,314 8,210 8,077 6,371 11,771 1,021 Asian Fund II 10/2013 3/2017 5,825 7,494 6,694 2,456 2,129 (346) Asian Fund (5) 
 7/2007 4/2013 3,983 3,974 8,728 Next Generation Technology Growth Fund III 11/2022 11/2028 2,740 2,238 502 502 585 Next Generation Technology Growth Fund II 12/2019 5/2022 2,088 62 2,223 548 1,976 3,338 256 Next Generation Technology Growth Fund 3/2016 12/2019 659 3 670 1,249 254 1,078 92 Health Care Strategic Growth Fund II 5/2021 5/2027 3,789 2,493 1,296 1,296 1,472 Health Care Strategic Growth Fund 12/2016 4/2021 1,331 108 1,353 461 1,054 1,766 113 Global Impact Fund II 6/2022 6/2028 2,708 1,862 846 846 757 Global Impact Fund 2/2019 3/2022 1,242 211 1,207 483 1,028 1,748 139 Co-Investment Vehicles and Other Various Various 24,242 3,148 21,689 10,777 15,904 19,797 1,451 Core Investors II 8/2022 8/2027 11,814 8,963 2,851 2,851 3,440 32 Core Investors I 2/2018 8/2022 8,500 23 9,509 1,620 8,278 16,360 73 Other Core Investment Vehicles Various Various 5,691 1,282 4,480 1,496 3,997 6,975 94 Unallocated Commitments (6) 
 N/A N/A 3,805 3,805 Total Private Equity 199,366 52,195 154,400 153,725 86,323 130,968 6,490 
 (1) The start date represents the start of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and may or may not be the same as the date upon which management fees begin to accrue. 
 (2) The end date represents the end of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and is generally not the date upon which management fees cease to accrue. For funds that initially charge management fees on the basis of committed capital, the end date is generally the date on or after which the management fees begin to be calculated instead on the basis of invested capital and may, for certain funds, begin to be calculated using a lower rate. 
 (3) The commitment represents the aggregate capital commitments to the fund, including capital commitments by third-party fund investors and the general partner. Foreign currency commitments have been converted into U.S. dollars based on the exchange rate that prevailed on September 30, 2024. 
 (4) The remaining cost represents the initial investment of the general partner and limited partners, reduced for returns of capital. 
 (5) The "Invested" and "Realized" columns do not include the amounts of any realized investments that restored the unused capital commitments of the fund investors, if any. 
 (6) "Unallocated Commitments" represent commitments received from our strategic investor partnerships that have yet to be allocated to a particular investment strategy. 
 
 Real Assets 
 Through our Real Assets business line, we manage and sponsor a group of real assets funds and accounts that invest capital in infrastructure, real estate, or energy. These funds and accounts are managed by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P. or one of its subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2024, our Real Assets business line had 162.8 billion of AUM, consisting of 79.6 billion in real estate (of which 41.9 billion is real estate credit and 37.7 billion is real estate equity), 77.5 billion in infrastructure, 4.1 billion in energy, and 1.6 billion of unallocated commitments from a strategic investment partnership. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 The table below presents information as of September 30, 2024, relating to our current real asset and other vehicles reported in our Real Assets business line for which we have the ability to earn carried interest. This data does not reflect acquisitions or disposals of investments, changes in investment values, or distributions occurring after September 30, 2024. 
 Investment Period Amount in millions) Start 
 Date (1) 
 End 
 Date (2) 
 Commitment (3) 
 Uncalled Commitments Invested Realized Remaining 
 Cost (4) 
 Remaining Fair Value Gross Accrued Carried Interest Real Assets Business Line Global Infrastructure Investors V 7/2024 7/2030 10,314 10,314 Global Infrastructure Investors IV 8/2021 6/2024 16,603 5,434 11,540 371 11,283 14,290 505 Global Infrastructure Investors III 7/2018 6/2021 7,168 991 6,529 3,508 4,692 6,845 321 Global Infrastructure Investors II 12/2014 6/2018 3,040 130 3,166 5,415 711 1,221 50 Global Infrastructure Investors 9/2010 10/2014 1,040 1,050 2,228 Asia Pacific Infrastructure Investors II 9/2022 9/2028 6,348 4,545 1,836 33 1,759 2,172 54 Asia Pacific Infrastructure Investors 1/2020 9/2022 3,792 602 3,475 1,209 2,689 3,442 196 Diversified Core Infrastructure Fund 12/2020 (5) 10,723 1,795 9,055 852 8,978 9,776 Global Climate Fund (6) 
 7/2024 7/2030 2,257 2,257 Real Estate Partners Americas IV (7) (8) 1,928 1,928 Real Estate Partners Americas III 1/2021 9/2024 4,253 1,051 3,415 319 3,189 3,282 Real Estate Partners Americas II 5/2017 12/2020 1,921 235 1,970 2,767 427 374 3 Real Estate Partners Americas 5/2013 5/2017 1,229 135 1,024 1,438 16 7 (4) Real Estate Partners Europe II 3/2020 12/2023 2,063 372 1,896 431 1,585 1,602 Real Estate Partners Europe 8/2015 12/2019 708 98 690 777 201 202 (10) Asia Real Estate Partners 7/2019 7/2023 1,682 391 1,321 207 1,209 1,328 Property Partners Americas 12/2019 (5) 2,571 48 2,523 159 2,523 2,179 Real Estate Credit Opportunity Partners II 8/2019 6/2023 950 976 322 976 916 21 Real Estate Credit Opportunity Partners 2/2017 4/2019 1,130 122 1,008 572 1,008 1,001 4 Energy Related Vehicles Various Various 4,385 62 4,195 1,975 1,171 1,718 47 Co-Investment Vehicles and Other Various Various 10,728 2,922 7,844 1,811 7,429 7,697 25 Unallocated Commitments (9) 
 N/A N/A 1,668 1,668 Total Real Assets 96,501 35,100 63,513 24,394 49,846 58,052 1,212 
 (1) The start date represents the start of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and may or may not be the same as the date upon which management fees begin to accrue. 
 (2) The end date represents the end of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and is generally not the date upon which management fees cease to accrue. For funds that initially charge management fees on the basis of committed capital, the end date is generally the date on or after which the management fees begin to be calculated instead on the basis of invested capital and may, for certain funds, begin to be calculated using a lower rate. 
 (3) The commitment represents the aggregate capital commitments to the fund, including capital commitments by third-party fund investors and the general partner. Foreign currency commitments have been converted into U.S. dollars based on the exchange rate that prevailed on September 30, 2024. 
 (4) The remaining cost represents the initial investment of the general partner and limited partners, reduced for returns of capital. 
 (5) Open-ended fund. 
 (6) Includes another climate strategy vehicle with different fund terms and whose investment period has not yet begun as of September 30, 2024. This vehicle's investment period start date and end date will be determined based upon the date of the close of its first investment. 
 (7) Upon the date of the close of the first investment. 
 (8) Four years after the start of the investment period. 
 (9) "Unallocated Commitments" represent commitments received from our strategic investor partnerships that have yet to be allocated to a particular investment strategy. 
 
 Private Equity and Real Asset Performance 
 The table below presents information as of September 30, 2024, relating to the historical performance of certain of our Private Equity and Real Assets investment vehicles since inception, which we believe illustrates the benefits of our investment approach. This data does not reflect additional capital raised since September 30, 2024, or acquisitions or disposals of investments, changes in investment values, or distributions occurring after that date. The information presented below is not intended to be representative of any past or future performance for any particular period other than the period presented below. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Private Equity and Real Assets Business Lines 
 Investment Funds and Other Vehicles 
 Commitment (2) 
 Invested Realized (4) 
 Unrealized Total Value Gross 
 IRR (5) 
 Net 
 IRR (5) 
 Gross Multiple of Invested 
 Capital (5) 
 in millions) Total Investments Legacy Funds (1) 
 1976 Fund 31 31 537 537 39.5 35.5 17.1 1980 Fund 357 357 1,828 1,828 29.0 25.8 5.1 1982 Fund 328 328 1,291 1,291 48.1 39.2 3.9 1984 Fund 1,000 1,000 5,964 5,964 34.5 28.9 6.0 1986 Fund 672 672 9,081 9,081 34.4 28.9 13.5 1987 Fund 6,130 6,130 14,949 14,949 12.1 8.9 2.4 1993 Fund 1,946 1,946 4,143 4,143 23.6 16.8 2.1 1996 Fund 6,012 6,012 12,477 12,477 18.0 13.3 2.1 Subtotal - Legacy Funds 16,475 16,475 50,269 50,269 26.1 19.9 3.1 Included Funds European Fund (1999) 3,085 3,085 8,758 8,758 26.9 20.2 2.8 Millennium Fund (2002) 6,000 6,000 14,129 14,129 22.0 16.1 2.4 European Fund II (2005) 5,751 5,751 8,533 8,533 6.1 4.5 1.5 2006 Fund (2006) 17,642 17,309 37,423 37,423 11.9 9.3 2.2 Asian Fund (2007) 3,983 3,974 8,728 8,728 18.9 13.7 2.2 European Fund III (2008) 5,508 5,360 10,625 21 10,646 16.4 11.2 2.0 E2 Investors (Annex Fund) (2009) 196 196 200 200 0.6 0.5 1.0 China Growth Fund (2010) 1,010 1,010 1,152 11 1,163 3.6 (0.1) 1.2 Natural Resources Fund (2010) 887 887 168 168 (24.3) (25.9) 0.2 Global Infrastructure Investors (2010) 1,040 1,050 2,228 2,228 17.6 15.6 2.1 North America Fund XI (2012) 8,718 10,165 23,097 3,362 26,459 23.6 19.1 2.6 Asian Fund II (2013) 5,825 7,494 6,694 2,129 8,823 4.6 3.0 1.2 Real Estate Partners Americas (2013) 1,229 1,024 1,438 7 1,445 15.8 10.9 1.4 Energy Income and Growth Fund (2013) 1,589 1,589 1,221 1,221 (6.1) (8.8) 0.8 Global Infrastructure Investors II (2014) 3,040 3,166 5,415 1,221 6,636 19.7 17.0 2.1 European Fund IV (2015) 3,512 3,644 5,726 2,503 8,229 22.5 17.4 2.3 Real Estate Partners Europe (2015) 708 690 777 202 979 11.8 8.8 1.4 Next Generation Technology Growth Fund (2016) 659 670 1,249 1,078 2,327 31.3 26.8 3.5 Health Care Strategic Growth Fund (2016) 1,331 1,353 461 1,766 2,227 16.5 11.2 1.6 Americas Fund XII (2017) 13,500 12,610 11,355 19,668 31,023 25.0 20.7 2.5 Real Estate Credit Opportunity Partners (2017) 1,130 1,008 572 1,001 1,573 9.1 7.8 1.6 Core Investment Vehicles (2017) 26,005 16,840 3,116 26,775 29,891 17.1 16.1 1.8 Asian Fund III (2017) 9,000 8,210 8,077 11,771 19,848 27.8 21.9 2.4 Real Estate Partners Americas II (2017) 1,921 1,970 2,767 374 3,141 24.8 20.2 1.6 Global Infrastructure Investors III (2018) 7,168 6,529 3,508 6,845 10,353 15.3 12.1 1.6 Global Impact Fund (2019) 1,242 1,207 483 1,748 2,231 23.2 17.5 1.8 European Fund V (2019) 6,369 5,802 1,320 7,527 8,847 14.7 11.4 1.5 Energy Income and Growth Fund II (2018) 994 1,198 380 1,551 1,931 15.9 14.1 1.6 Asia Real Estate Partners (2019) 1,682 1,321 207 1,328 1,535 8.2 4.1 1.2 Next Generation Technology Growth Fund II (2019) 2,088 2,223 548 3,338 3,886 21.6 17.1 1.7 Real Estate Credit Opportunity Partners II (2019) 950 976 322 916 1,238 10.3 7.8 1.3 Asia Pacific Infrastructure Investors (2020) 3,792 3,475 1,209 3,442 4,651 15.8 11.4 1.3 Asian Fund IV (2020) 14,735 7,362 1,202 10,419 11,621 23.2 16.3 1.6 Real Estate Partners Europe II (2020) 2,063 1,896 431 1,602 2,033 3.7 1.0 1.1 Real Estate Partners Americas III (2021) 4,253 3,415 319 3,282 3,601 2.8 0.6 1.1 Health Care Strategic Growth Fund II (2021) 3,789 1,296 1,472 1,472 10.8 (0.6) 1.1 North America Fund XIII (2021) 18,400 12,428 182 15,243 15,425 16.6 11.2 1.2 Global Infrastructure Investors IV (2022) 16,603 11,540 371 14,290 14,661 15.7 11.6 1.3 Asia Pacific Infrastructure Investors II (2022) 6,348 1,836 33 2,172 2,205 29.6 18.0 1.2 European Fund VI (2022) (3) 
 7,486 1,665 1,009 1,009 Global Impact Fund II (2022) (3) 
 2,708 846 757 757 Next Generation Technology Growth Fund III (2022) (3) 
 2,740 502 585 585 Ascendant Fund (2022) (3) 
 4,328 Global Infrastructure Investors V (2024) (3) 
 10,314 Global Climate Fund (2024) (3) 
 2,257 Real Estate Partners Americas IV (2024) (3) 
 1,928 Subtotal - Included Funds 245,506 180,572 174,424 149,415 323,839 16.1 12.4 1.8 All Funds 261,981 197,047 224,693 149,415 374,108 25.5 18.7 1.9 
 (1) These funds were not contributed to KKR as part of the acquisition of the assets and liabilities of KKR Co. (Guernsey) L.P. (formerly known as KKR Private Equity Investors, L.P.) on October 1, 2009. 
 (2) Where commitments are not U.S. dollar-denominated, such amounts have been converted into U.S. dollars based on the exchange rate prevailing on September 30, 2024. 
 (3) The gross IRR, net IRR and gross multiple of invested capital are calculated for our investment funds that made their first investment at least 24 months prior to September 30, 2024. We therefore have not calculated gross IRRs, net IRRs and gross multiples of invested capital with respect to these funds. 
 (4) An investment is considered realized when it has been disposed of or has otherwise generated disposition proceeds or current income that has been distributed by the relevant fund. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 (5) IRRs measure the aggregate annual compounded returns generated by a fund's investments over a holding period. Net IRRs are calculated after giving effect to the allocation of realized and unrealized carried interest and the payment of any applicable management fees and organizational expenses. Gross IRRs are calculated before giving effect to the allocation of realized and unrealized carried interest and the payment of any applicable management fees and organizational expenses. 
 The gross multiples of invested capital measure the aggregate value generated by a fund's investments in absolute terms. Each multiple of invested capital is calculated by adding together the total realized and unrealized values of a fund's investments and dividing by the total amount of capital invested by the fund. Such amounts do not give effect to the allocation of realized and unrealized carried interest or the payment of any applicable management fees or organizational expenses. 
 KKR's Private Equity and Real Assets funds may utilize third-party financing facilities to provide liquidity to such funds. The above net and gross IRRs are calculated from the time capital contributions are due from fund investors to the time fund investors receive a related distribution from the fund, and the use of such financing facilities generally decreases the amount of time that would otherwise be used to calculate IRRs, which tends to increase IRRs when fair value grows over time and decrease IRRs when fair value decreases over time. KKR's Private Equity and Real Assets funds also generally provide in certain circumstances, which vary depending on the relevant fund documents, for a portion of capital returned to investors to be restored to unused commitments as recycled capital. For KKR's Private Equity and Real Assets funds that have a preferred return, we take into account recycled capital in the calculation of IRRs and multiples of invested capital because the calculation of the preferred return includes the effect of recycled capital. For KKR's Private Equity and Real Assets funds that do not have a preferred return, we do not take recycled capital into account in the calculation of IRRs and multiples of invested capital. The inclusion of recycled capital generally causes invested and realized amounts to be higher and IRRs and multiples of invested capital to be lower than had recycled capital not been included. The inclusion of recycled capital would reduce the composite net IRR of all Included Funds by 0.1 and the composite net IRR of all Legacy Funds by 0.5 and would reduce the composite multiple of invested capital of Included Funds by less than 0.1 and the composite multiple of invested capital of Legacy Funds by 0.4. 
 For more information, see "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Investment Activities Future results of our investments may be different than, and may not achieve the levels of, any of our historical returns" in our Annual Report. 
 
 Credit and Liquid Strategies 
 Through our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line, we report our credit and hedge funds platforms on a combined basis. As of September 30, 2024, our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line had 271.4 billion of AUM, comprised of 128.6 billion of assets managed in our leveraged credit strategies, 105.8 billion of assets managed in our private credit strategy, 7.9 billion of assets managed in our strategic investments group SIG strategy, and 29.1 billion of assets managed through our hedge fund platform. We manage 140.4 billion of credit investments for our Global Atlantic insurance companies. Our BDCs have approximately 15.5 billion in assets under management, which is reflected in the AUM of our private credit strategies above. We report all of the assets under management of our BDCs in our AUM, but we report only a pro rata portion of the assets under management of our hedge fund partnerships based on our percentage ownership in them. 
 Credit 
 Our credit platform invests capital in a broad range of corporate debt and collateral-backed investments across asset classes and capital structures. Our credit strategies are primarily managed by KKR Credit Advisors (US) LLC, which is an SEC-registered investment adviser, KKR Credit Advisors (Ireland) Unlimited Company, which is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland CBI ), KKR Credit Advisors (EMEA) LLP, which is regulated by the United Kingdom ("UK") Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA"), and KKR Credit Advisors (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., which is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and an SEC-registered investment adviser. We also jointly own with a third party FS/KKR Advisor, LLC, an investment adviser registered with the SEC that provides investment advisory services to certain registered investment companies, including FS KKR Capital Corp. (NYSE: FSK), a publicly listed BDC and KKR FS Income Trust, a privately-offered BDC. 
 Our hedge funds platform consists of strategic partnerships with third-party hedge fund managers in which KKR owns a minority stake. Our hedge fund partnerships offer a range of alternative investment strategies, including long/short equity and hedge fund-of-funds. 
 Our credit business pursues a variety of investment strategies in leveraged credit and alternative credit. 
 Leveraged Credit. Our leveraged credit strategies seek to primarily invest in leveraged loans (including revolving credit facilities), CLOs, high yield bonds, structured credit, stressed securities and illiquid credits. Within leveraged credit, we manage both single-asset class and multi-asset class pools of capital. Our opportunistic credit strategy seeks to deploy capital across investment themes that seek to take advantage of credit market dislocations, spanning asset types and liquidity profiles. Our multi-asset credit strategy seeks to dynamically allocate across asset types in a broadly diversified strategy. Our revolving credit strategy invests in senior secured revolving credit facilities. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Alternative Credit. Our alternative credit strategy consists of our (i) private credit strategies and (ii) investments overseen by our credit platform s SIG group: 
 Private Credit. Our private credit strategies focus on privately or directly originated and negotiated transactions. These strategies include direct lending typically in the senior part of a company s capital structure, junior mezzanine debt, and asset-based finance. Through our direct lending strategy, we seek to make investments in primarily senior debt financings for middle-market companies. Through our junior mezzanine debt strategy, investments typically consist of subordinated debt, which generates a current yield, coupled with marginal equity exposure for additional upside potential. Our asset-based finance strategy focuses on portfolios of financial loans and loans backed by hard assets. 
 Strategic Investments Group. This strategy seeks to provide strategic capital solutions to high quality, mid-to-large cap companies and assets. The strategy pursues investments in corporate credit as well as asset or real estate-backed credit, where we believe market volatility or other investment themes have created the opportunity to invest opportunistically across the capital structure and through market cycles to generate outsized returns with downside-protected securities. These investments may include stressed or distressed investments (including post-restructuring equity), control-oriented opportunities, rescue financing (debt or equity investments made to address covenant, maturity or liquidity issues), debtor-in-possession or exit financing and other event-driven investments in debt or equity. 
 Hedge Fund Platform 
 Our hedge fund platform consists of strategic partnerships with third-party hedge fund managers in which KKR owns a minority stake. This principally consists of a 39.6 interest in Marshall Wace LLP (together with its affiliates, "Marshall Wace"), a global alternative investment manager specializing in long/short equity products. We also own other interests in third-party hedge fund managers, including a 39.9 interest in PAAMCO Prisma Holdings, LLC, an investment manager focused on liquid alternative investment solutions, including hedge fund-of-fund portfolios. 
 The table below presents information as of September 30, 2024, relating to our current credit and other vehicles reported in our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line for which we have the ability to earn carried interest. This data does not reflect acquisitions or disposals of investments, changes in investment values, or distributions occurring after September 30, 2024. 
 Investment Period Amount in millions) Start 
 Date (1) 
 End 
 Date (2) 
 Commitment (3) 
 Uncalled Commitments Invested Realized Remaining 
 Cost (4) 
 Remaining Fair Value Gross Accrued Carried Interest Credit and Liquid Strategies Business Line Opportunities Fund II 11/2021 1/2026 2,361 1,278 1,083 37 1,082 1,217 18 Dislocation Opportunities Fund 8/2019 11/2021 2,967 402 2,565 1,642 1,459 1,676 81 Special Situations Fund II 2/2015 3/2019 3,525 284 3,241 2,440 939 936 Special Situations Fund 1/2013 1/2016 2,274 1 2,273 1,899 337 177 Mezzanine Partners 7/2010 3/2015 1,023 33 990 1,166 184 37 (20) Asset-Based Finance Partners II 3/2024 3/2028 2,833 2,833 Asset-Based Finance Partners 10/2020 7/2025 2,059 893 1,166 163 1,166 1,316 45 Private Credit Opportunities Partners II 12/2015 12/2020 2,245 347 1,898 910 1,233 1,206 Lending Partners IV 3/2022 9/2026 1,150 518 632 86 633 673 8 Lending Partners III 4/2017 11/2021 1,498 540 958 894 701 674 45 Lending Partners II 6/2014 6/2017 1,336 157 1,179 1,198 151 92 Lending Partners 12/2011 12/2014 460 40 420 458 23 12 Lending Partners Europe II 5/2019 9/2023 837 210 627 452 401 433 8 Lending Partners Europe 3/2015 3/2019 848 184 662 470 184 194 Asia Credit 1/2021 5/2025 1,084 493 591 45 591 706 21 Other Alternative Credit Vehicles Various Various 14,949 6,460 8,900 6,535 4,689 5,428 18 Total Credit and Liquid Strategies 41,449 14,673 27,185 18,395 13,773 14,777 224 
 (1) The start date represents the start of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and may or may not be the same as the date upon which management fees begin to accrue. 
 (2) The end date represents the end of the fund's investment period as defined in the fund's governing documents and is generally not the date upon which management fees cease to accrue. For funds that initially charge management fees on the basis of committed capital, the end date is generally the date on or after which the management fees begin to be calculated instead on the basis of invested capital and may, for certain funds, begin to be calculated using a lower rate. 
 (3) The commitment represents the aggregate capital commitments to the fund, including capital commitments by third-party fund investors and the general partner. Foreign currency commitments have been converted into U.S. dollars based on the foreign exchange rate that prevailed on September 30, 2024. 
 (4) The remaining cost represents the initial investment of the general partner and limited partners, reduced for returns of capital. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents information regarding larger leveraged credit strategies managed by KKR from inception to September 30, 2024. The information presented below is not intended to be representative of any past or future performance for any particular period other than the period presented below. Past performance is no guarantee of any future result. 
 Leveraged Credit Strategy Inception Date Gross Returns Net Returns Benchmark (1) 
 Benchmark Gross Returns Multi-Asset Credit Composite 
 Jul 2008 7.19 6.50 50 S P/LSTA Loan Index, 50 BoAML HY Master II Index (2) 
 5.82 Opportunistic Credit (3) 
 May 2008 10.72 9.16 50 S P/LSTA Loan Index, 50 BoAML HY Master II Index (3) 
 6.01 Bank Loans Apr 2011 5.84 5.27 S P/LSTA Loan Index (4) 
 4.78 High-Yield Apr 2011 6.27 5.69 BoAML HY Master II Index (5) 
 5.63 European Leveraged Loans (6) 
 Sep 2009 4.90 4.38 CS Inst West European Leveraged Loan Index (7) 
 3.94 European Credit Opportunities (6) 
 Sept 2007 6.94 5.72 S P European Leveraged Loans (All Loans) (8) 
 4.45 
 (1) The benchmarks referred to herein include the S P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index (the "S P/LSTA Loan Index"), S P/LSTA U.S. B/BB Ratings Loan Index (the "S P/LSTA BB-B Loan Index"), the Bank of America Merrill Lynch High Yield Master II Index (the "BoAML HY Master II Index"), the BofA Merrill Lynch BB-B US High Yield Index (the "BoAML HY BB-B Constrained"), the Credit Suisse Institutional Western European Leveraged Loan Index (the "CS Inst West European Leveraged Loan Index"), and S P European Leveraged Loans (All Loans). The S P/LSTA Loan Index is a daily tradable index for the U.S. loan market that seeks to mirror the market-weighted performance of the largest institutional loans that meet certain criteria. The BoAML HY Master II Index is an index for high-yield corporate bonds. It is designed to measure the broad high-yield market, including lower-rated securities. The CS Inst West European Leveraged Loan Index contains only institutional loan facilities priced above 90, excluding TL and TLa facilities and loans rated CC, C or are in default. The S P European Leveraged Loan Index reflects the market-weighted performance of institutional leveraged loan portfolios investing in European credits. While the returns of our leveraged credit strategies reflect the reinvestment of income and dividends, none of the indices presented in the chart above reflect such reinvestment, which has the effect of increasing the reported relative performance of these strategies as compared to the indices. Furthermore, these indices are not subject to management fees, incentive allocations, or expenses. 
 (2) Performance is based on a blended composite of Bank Loans, High Yield, and Structured Credit strategy accounts. The benchmark used for purposes of comparison for the Multi-Asset Credit Composite strategy is based on 65 S P/LSTA Loan Index and 35 BoAML HY Master II Index to May 2022, and 50 S P/LSTA Loan Index, 50 BoAML HY Master II Index, from June 2022. 
 (3) The Opportunistic Credit strategy invests in high-yield securities and corporate loans with no preset allocation. The benchmark used for purposes of comparison for the Opportunistic Credit strategy presented herein is based on 50 S P/LSTA Loan Index and 50 BoAML HY Master II Index. Funds within this strategy may utilize third-party financing facilities to enhance investment returns. In cases where financing facilities are used, the amounts drawn on the facility are deducted from the assets of the fund in the calculation of net asset value, which tends to increase returns when net asset value grows over time and decrease returns when net asset value decreases over time. 
 (4) Performance is based on a composite of portfolios that primarily invest in leveraged loans. The benchmark used for purposes of comparison for the Bank Loans strategy is based on the S P/LSTA Loan Index. 
 (5) Performance is based on a composite of portfolios that primarily invest in high-yield securities. The benchmark used for purposes of comparison for the High Yield strategy is based on the BoAML HY Master II Index. 
 (6) The returns presented are calculated based on local currency. 
 (7) Performance is based on a composite of portfolios that primarily invest in higher quality leveraged loans. The benchmark used for purposes of comparison for the European Leveraged Loans strategy is based on the CS Inst West European Leveraged Loan Index. 
 (8) Performance is based on a composite of portfolios that primarily invest in European institutional leveraged loans. The benchmark used for purposes of comparison for the European Credit Opportunities strategy is based on the S P European Leveraged Loans (All Loans) Index. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents information regarding our alternative credit investment funds where investors have capital commitments from inception to September 30, 2024. The information presented below is not intended to be representative of any past or future performance for any particular period other than the period presented below. Past performance is no guarantee of any future result. 
 Amount Fair Value of Investments Credit and Liquid Strategies Investment Funds Investment Period Start Date Commitment Invested (1) 
 Realized (1) 
 Unrealized Total Value Gross 
 IRR (2) 
 Net 
 IRR (2) 
 Multiple of 
 Invested 
 Capital (3) 
 in Millions) Opportunities Fund II 
 Nov 2021 
 2,361 1,083 37 1,217 1,254 25.8 18.5 1.2 Dislocation Opportunities Fund Aug 2019 
 2,967 2,565 1,642 1,676 3,318 11.9 9.5 1.3 Special Situations Fund II Feb 2015 
 3,525 3,241 2,440 936 3,376 1.0 (0.9) 1.0 Special Situations Fund Jan 2013 
 2,274 2,273 1,899 177 2,076 (2.7) (4.5) 0.9 Mezzanine Partners July 2010 
 1,023 990 1,166 37 1,203 7.2 3.6 1.2 Asset-Based Finance Partners II 
 Mar 2024 
 2,833 N/A N/A N/A 
 Asset-Based Finance Partners 
 Oct 2020 
 2,059 1,166 163 1,316 1,479 16.2 12.0 1.3 Private Credit Opportunities Partners II Dec 2015 2,245 1,898 910 1,206 2,116 2.9 1.2 1.1 Lending Partners IV 
 Mar 2022 
 1,150 632 86 673 759 23.8 19.1 1.2 Lending Partners III Apr 2017 1,498 958 894 674 1,568 14.8 12.1 1.6 Lending Partners II Jun 2014 1,336 1,179 1,198 92 1,290 3.1 1.6 1.1 Lending Partners Dec 2011 460 420 458 12 470 3.5 2.6 1.1 Lending Partners Europe II May 2019 
 837 627 452 433 885 17.2 13.5 1.4 Lending Partners Europe Mar 2015 848 662 470 194 664 (0.2) (2.2) 1.0 Asia Credit 
 Jan 2021 
 1,084 591 45 706 751 16.4 12.2 1.3 Other Alternative Credit Vehicles Various 14,949 8,900 6,535 5,428 11,963 N/A N/A N/A All Funds 41,449 27,185 18,395 14,777 33,172 
 (1) Recycled capital is excluded from the amounts invested and realized. 
 (2) These credit funds utilize third-party financing facilities to provide liquidity to such funds, and in such event IRRs are calculated from the time capital contributions are due from fund investors to the time fund investors receive a related distribution from the fund. The use of such financing facilities generally decreases the amount of invested capital that would otherwise be used to calculate IRRs, which tends to increase IRRs when fair value grows over time and decrease IRRs when fair value decreases over time. IRRs measure the aggregate annual compounded returns generated by a fund's investments over a holding period and are calculated taking into account recycled capital. Net IRRs presented are calculated after giving effect to the allocation of realized and unrealized carried interest and the payment of any applicable management fees and organizational expenses. Gross IRRs are calculated before giving effect to the allocation of carried interest and the payment of any applicable management fees and organizational expenses. 
 (3) The multiples of invested capital measure the aggregate value generated by a fund's investments in absolute terms. Each multiple of invested capital is calculated by adding together the total realized and unrealized values of a fund's investments and dividing by the total amount of capital invested by the investors. The use of financing facilities generally decreases the amount of invested capital that would otherwise be used to calculate multiples of invested capital, which tends to increase multiples when fair value grows over time and decrease multiples when fair value decreases over time. Such amounts do not give effect to the allocation of any realized and unrealized returns on a fund's investments to the fund's general partner pursuant to a carried interest or the payment of any applicable management fees and are calculated without taking into account recycled capital. 
 
 For additional information regarding impact of market conditions on the value and performance of our investments, see "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Difficult market and economic conditions can, and periodically do, materially and adversely affect KKR." and "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Investment Activities Future results of our investments may be different than, and may not achieve the levels of, any of our historical returns" in our Annual Report. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 The table below presents information as of September 30, 2024, based on the investment funds or other vehicles or accounts offered by our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line. Our funds, vehicles and accounts have been sorted based upon their primary investment strategies. However, the AUM and FPAUM presented for each line in the table includes certain investments from non-primary investment strategies, which are permitted by their investment mandates, for purposes of presenting the fees and other terms for such funds, vehicles and accounts. 
 in millions) AUM FPAUM Typical Management Fee Rate Incentive Fee / Carried Interest Preferred Return Duration of Capital Leveraged Credit: Leveraged Credit SMAs/Funds (1) 
 100,070 96,886 0.15 - 1.30 
 Various (2) 
 Various (2) 
 Subject to redemptions 
 CLOs 28,675 28,675 0.40 - 0.50 
 Various (2) 
 Various (2) 
 10-14 Years (3) 
 Total Leveraged Credit 128,745 125,561 Alternative Credit: (4) 
 Private Credit (1) 
 90,054 75,105 0.25 - 1.50 (5) 
 10.00 - 20.00 
 5.00 - 8.00 
 8-15 Years (3) 
 SIG 7,993 3,986 0.50 - 1.75 
 10.00 - 20.00 
 7.00 - 12.00 
 7-15 Years (3) 
 Total Alternative Credit 98,047 79,091 Hedge Funds (6) 
 29,134 29,134 0.50 - 2.00 
 Various (2) 
 Various (2) 
 Subject to redemptions 
 BDCs (7) 
 15,511 15,511 0.60 - 0.75 
 8.75 - 10.00 
 7.00 Indefinite Total 271,437 249,297 
 (1) Includes credit investments we manage for our Global Atlantic insurance companies. This capital is perpetual in nature, not subject to an incentive fee or carried interest, and does not require a preferred return. 
 (2) Certain funds and CLOs are subject to a performance fee in which the manager or general partner of the funds share up to 20 of the net profits earned by investors in excess of performance hurdles (generally tied to a benchmark or index) and subject to a provision requiring the funds and vehicles to regain prior losses before any performance fee is earned. 
 (3) Duration of capital is measured from inception. Inception dates for CLOs were between 2013 and 2024 and for separately managed accounts and funds investing in alternative credit strategies from 2009 through 2024. 
 (4) Our alternative credit funds generally have investment periods of two to five years and our newer alternative credit funds generally earn management fees on invested capital throughout their lifecycle. 
 (5) Lower fees on uninvested capital in certain vehicles. 
 (6) Hedge Funds represent KKR's pro rata portion of AUM and FPAUM of our hedge fund partnerships. 
 (7) Represents FS KKR Capital Corp. and KKR FS Income Trust. We report all of the assets under management of these BDCs in our AUM and FPAUM. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Markets 
 Our Capital Markets business line is comprised of our global capital markets business, which is integrated with KKR s asset management business lines, and serves our firm, our portfolio companies and third-party customers by developing and implementing both traditional and non-traditional capital solutions for investments or companies seeking financing. These services include arranging debt and equity financing, placing and underwriting securities offerings, and providing other types of capital markets services that result in the firm receiving fees, including underwriting, placement, transaction and syndication fees, commissions, underwriting discounts, interest payments and other compensation, which may be payable in cash or securities, in respect of the activities described above. The third-party customers of our capital markets business include multinational corporations, public and private companies, financial sponsors, mutual funds, pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, and hedge funds globally. Our capital markets business provides these third-party clients with differentiated access to capital through our distribution platform. 
 Our capital markets business underwrites credit facilities and arranges loan syndications and participations. When we are sole or lead arrangers of a credit facility, we may advance amounts to the borrower on behalf of other lenders, subject to repayment. When we underwrite an offering of securities on a firm commitment basis, we commit to buy and sell an issue of securities and generate revenue by purchasing the securities at a discount or for a fee. When we act in an agency capacity or best efforts basis, we generate revenue for arranging financing or placing securities with capital markets investors. We may also provide issuers with capital markets advice on capital structuring, access to markets, marketing considerations, securities pricing, and other aspects of capital markets transactions in exchange for a fee. Our capital markets business also provides syndication services in respect of co-investments in transactions participated in by KKR funds or third-party clients, which may entitle the firm to receive syndication fees, management fees and/or a carried interest. 
 The capital markets business has a global footprint, with local presence and licenses to carry out certain broker-dealer activities in various countries in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and the Middle East. Our flagship capital markets subsidiaries include KKR Capital Markets LLC, which is an SEC-registered broker-dealer and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"), KKR Capital Markets Asia Limited, a Hong Kong licensed asset manager and broker dealer licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong to carry on dealing in securities, advising on securities and asset management regulated activities, and KKR Capital Markets Asia Limited II, which is a Hong Kong licensed broker dealer licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong to carry on dealing in, and advising on, securities. 
 
 Principal Activities 
 Through our Principal Activities business line, we manage the firm s own assets on our firm s balance sheet and deploy capital to support and grow our Private Equity, Real Assets, and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines. 
 Typically, the funds in our Private Equity, Real Assets, and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines contractually require us, as general partner of the funds, to make sizable capital commitments. We believe making general partner commitments assists us in raising new funds from limited partners by demonstrating our conviction in a given fund s strategy. Our commitments to fund capital also occurs where we are the holder of the subordinated notes or the equity tranche of investment vehicles that we sponsor, including structured transactions. We also use our balance sheet to bridge investment activity during fundraising, for example by funding investments for new funds and acquiring investments to establish a track record for new investment strategies. We also use our own capital to bridge capital selectively for our funds investments or finance strategic transactions, although the financial results of an acquired business may be reported in our other business lines. 
 Our Principal Activities business line also provides the required capital to fund the various commitments of our Capital Markets business line when underwriting or syndicating securities, or when providing term loan commitments for transactions involving our portfolio companies and for third parties. Our Principal Activities business line also holds assets that are utilized to satisfy regulatory requirements for our Capital Markets business line and risk retention requirements for certain investment vehicles. 
 We also make opportunistic investments through our Principal Activities business line, which include co-investments alongside our Private Equity, Real Assets and Credit and Liquid Strategies funds, as well as Principal Activities investments that do not involve our Private Equity, Real Assets, or Credit and Liquid Strategies funds. 
 We endeavor to use our balance sheet strategically and opportunistically to generate an attractive risk-adjusted return on equity in a manner that is consistent with our fiduciary duties, in compliance with applicable laws, and consistent with our one-firm approach. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Prior to the creation of the Strategic Holdings segment, effective January 2, 2024, the periodic financial operating results of the firm's participation in the core private equity strategy were reported as part of this Principal Activities business line within the Asset Management segment. Starting with the first quarter of 2024 , those financial operating results are not reflected in the Asset Management segment. See "Strategic Holdings" for further information regarding our participation in the core private equity strategy. 
 The chart below presents the holdings of our Principal Activities business line by asset class as of September 30, 2024, excluding our ownership of businesses reported through our Strategic Holdings segment. 
 Holdings by Asset Class (1) 
 
 (1) General partner commitments to our funds are included in the various asset classes shown above. Assets and revenues of other asset managers with which KKR has formed strategic partnerships where KKR does not hold more than 50 ownership interest are not included in our Principal Activities business line but are reported in the financial results of our other business lines. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance 
 Our insurance business is operated by Global Atlantic, which operates as a separate business with its existing brands and management team. KKR acquired a majority controlling interest in Global Atlantic on February 1, 2021 and the remainder of Global Atlantic on January 2, 2024. Since the first quarter of 2021, we have presented Global Atlantic's financial results as a separate reportable segment. 
 Global Atlantic is a leading retirement and life insurance company that provides a broad suite of protection, legacy and savings products to customers and reinsurance solutions to clients across individual and institutional markets. Global Atlantic focuses on target markets that it believes support issuing products that have attractive risk and return characteristics. These markets allow Global Atlantic to leverage its strength in distribution and to deploy shareholder capital opportunistically across various market environments. 
 Global Atlantic offers individual customers fixed-rate annuities, fixed-indexed annuities, and targeted life products primarily through a network of banks, broker-dealers, and insurance agencies. Global Atlantic provides its institutional clients customized reinsurance solutions, including block, flow and pension risk transfer ("PRT") reinsurance, as well as funding agreements. Global Atlantic s assets generally increase when individual market sales and reinsurance transactions exceed run-off of in-force policies. Global Atlantic primarily generates income by earning a spread on assets under management, as the difference between its net investment income and the cost of policyholder benefits. Global Atlantic also earns fees paid by policyholders on certain types of contracts and fees paid by third-party investors, which are reported in the asset management segment. As of September 30, 2024, Global Atlantic served over three million policyholders. 
 Global Atlantic also sponsors co-investment vehicles (the "sponsored reinsurance vehicles") to participate alongside Global Atlantic in certain block, flow, PRT and other reinsurance transactions that Global Atlantic enters into during the vehicles respective investment period. The sponsored reinsurance vehicles provide third-party capital to support reinsurance transactions and generally do not get consolidated into our financial statements. As of September 30, 2024, third parties have committed capital to the sponsored reinsurance vehicles of approximately 3.5 billion, of which 2.9 billion has been deployed. 
 The following table represents Global Atlantic s new business volumes by business and product for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 in millions) Individual Channel: Fixed-rate Annuities 1,987 1,922 7,122 4,536 Fixed-indexed Annuities 2,194 816 5,214 2,608 Variable Annuities 5 7 15 18 Total Retirement Products (1) 
 4,186 2,745 12,351 7,162 Life Insurance Products 2 9 Preneed Life 220 78 352 233 Institutional Channel: Block 11,881 79 Flow Pension Risk Transfer 2,648 2,351 10,096 7,219 Funding Agreements (2) 
 800 1,500 Total Institutional Channel (3)(4) 
 3,448 2,351 23,477 7,298 _________________ 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 (1) New business volumes in individual markets are referred to as sales. In Global Atlantic's individual market channel, sales of annuities include all money paid into new and existing contracts. Individual market channel sales of life insurance products are based on commissionable premium and individual market channel sales for preneed life are based on the face amount of insurance. Life insurance product sales do not include the recurring premiums that policyholders may pay over time. New business volumes from individual markets channel products typically occurs throughout the year. 
 (2) Funding agreements new business volumes represent funding agreements issued in connection with the funding agreement backed note ("FABN") program only. 
 (3) Global Atlantic expects block reinsurance transactions to be episodic rather than steady quarter over quarter. Similarly, funding agreements issued in the FABN program are subject to capital markets conditions and not expected to be consistent quarter over quarter. Flow and pension risk transfer new business volumes typically occurs throughout the year. 
 (4) New business volumes from Global Atlantic s institutional market channel are based on the assets assumed, net of any ceding commission, and is gross of any retrocessions to investment vehicles that participate in qualifying reinsurance transactions sourced by Global Atlantic and to other third party reinsurers. 
 
 The table below represents a breakdown of Global Atlantic s policy liabilities by business and product type as of September 30, 2024, separated by reserves originated through its individual and institutional markets. 
 Reserves as of September 30, 2024 
 Individual Market Institutional Market (4) 
 Total Ceded Total, net Percentage of Total in thousands, except percentages, if applicable) Fixed-rate Annuities (1) 
 28,541,886 35,390,884 63,932,770 (10,381,276) 53,551,494 34.0 Fixed-indexed Annuities (1) 
 27,978,545 11,063,385 39,041,930 (4,447,594) 34,594,336 20.8 Payout Annuities (1) 
 553,107 23,154,992 23,708,099 (12,239,088) 11,469,011 12.6 Variable Annuities 2,409,928 5,602,765 8,012,693 (2,238,344) 5,774,349 4.3 Interest Sensitive Life (1) 
 13,750,656 19,086,577 32,837,233 (9,095,101) 23,742,132 17.4 Other Life Insurance (2) 
 3,624,162 4,399,513 8,023,675 (3,102,549) 4,921,126 4.3 Funding Agreements (3) 
 1,974,386 4,749,593 6,723,979 6,723,979 3.6 Closed Block and Other Corporate Products 1,047,670 1,047,670 (991,861) 55,809 0.6 Other (5) 
 4,856,534 4,856,534 (3,619,247) 1,237,287 2.4 Total Reserves 78,832,670 109,351,913 188,184,583 (46,115,060) 142,069,523 100.0 Total General Account 76,717,156 107,333,254 184,050,410 (46,115,060) 137,935,350 97.8 Total Separate Account 2,115,514 2,018,659 4,134,173 4,134,173 2.2 Total Reserves 78,832,670 109,351,913 188,184,583 (46,115,060) 142,069,523 100.0 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, 81 of the account value in Global Atlantic's general account associated with its fixed-rate and fixed-indexed annuity products, and 43 of account value in its general account associated with universal life products was protected by surrender charges. 
 (2) "Other life products includes universal life, term and whole life insurance products. 
 (3) "Funding agreements includes funding agreements associated with FHLB borrowings and under Global Atlantic's FABN program. 
 (4) Institutional market reserves are sourced using customized reinsurance solutions such as block, flow and PRT. As of September 30, 2024, reserves sourced through block, flow and PRT transactions were 65.6 billion, 29.6 billion and 6.4 billion, respectively. 
 (5) Other includes long-term care insurance where we have ceded all mortality and morbidity risk to a third-party reinsurance company. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 Strategic Holdings 
 Starting with the first quarter of 2024, we are reporting a new third segment named Strategic Holdings. Our Strategic Holdings segment is currently comprised of the firm s ownership in the businesses we acquired through our participation in our core private equity strategy. Our core private equity strategy includes third-party capital in investment funds alongside our firm s capital. Our Asset Management segment continues to manage the investment funds that invest in our core private equity strategy, the financial results of which are not included in our Strategic Holdings segment. 
 Our core private equity strategy seeks to make investments in businesses that we anticipate holding for a longer period of time and that we believe have a lower anticipated risk profile than our investments in businesses through the traditional private equity strategy. For example, our core private equity strategy seeks to make investments in companies that, among other things, we believe are more stable, and typically have lower leverage over our holding period, than those companies in which our traditional private equity investments are made. 
 We may also acquire in the future other long-term assets that are not part of the core private equity strategy for this segment. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Strategic Holdings segment consisted of our ownership stakes in 18 companies. Based on certain information made available to management as of September 30, 2024, approximately 67 of these companies are based in the Americas, 27 in Europe, and 6 in the Asia-Pacific (based on the geographic location of their headquarters). In addition, based on such information, these companies are primarily engaged in the following business sectors: approximately 33 in Business Services, 30 in Consumer, 14 in technology-media-telecommunications (TMT), 14 in Healthcare, and 10 in Infrastructure, 
 Effective as of the first quarter of 2024, our Asset Management segment charges a quarterly management fee based on invested capital in our Strategic Holdings segment. Additionally, our Asset Management segment charges a performance fee from the sale of our interests in the companies included in our Strategic Holdings segment. The management and performance fees are charged in order to represent the cost of providing advisory services by our Asset Management segment rather than determining the allocable costs borne by our Asset Management segment to support our Strategic Holdings segment. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Business Environment 
 Our asset management (including the businesses reported in our Strategic Holdings segment) and insurance businesses are affected by the various market and economic conditions of the various countries and regions in which we operate. Market and economic conditions are expected to continue to have a substantial impact on our financial condition, results of operations and our business in various ways that we are unable to control, including our ability to make new investments, the valuations of the investments we manage, the amount of investment proceeds we realize when we exit our investments, the timing for such realization activity, our ability to fundraise or to sell our various investment and insurance products and services, and the level of our capital markets activities, as discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of our Annual Report. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the United States continued to experience accelerating economic growth. The U.S. Federal Reserve Board decided in September to lower the target range for the federal funds rate by 50 basis points to 4.75-5.00 . In Europe, the European Central Bank lowered the deposit rate by 25 basis points to 3.50 from 3.75 . GDP growth in the Eurozone was positive in the third quarter of 2024. Meanwhile, Eurozone inflation slowed as compared to the prior quarter albeit remaining slightly above the European Central Bank s 2 inflation target. In Asia, the two largest economies continued to experience divergent economic conditions during the third quarter of 2024. Japan s economy is expected to have experienced positive growth in the third quarter of 2024. In China, the economy grew slightly in the third quarter of 2024, but Chinese growth remains subject to various headwinds including stresses in the property sector. 
 
 Several key economic indicators in the United States and in other countries and regions in which we operate include: 
 GDP. In the United States, real gross domestic product GDP expanded by 2.8 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to an expansion of 3.0 for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. Euro Area real GDP increased by 0.4 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, up from 0.2 growth for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. In Japan, real GDP is estimated to have increased by 1.6 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, down from 2.9 expansion for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. Real GDP in China increased by 0.9 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to growth of 0.5 reported for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 Interest Rates. The effective federal funds rate set by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board was 4.83 as of September 30, 2024, down from 5.33 as of June 30, 2024. The short-term benchmark interest rate set by the European Central Bank was 3.50 as of September 30, 2024, down from 3.75 as of June 30, 2024. The short-term benchmark interest rate set by the Bank of Japan was 0.2 as of September 30, 2024, up from 0.1 as of June 30, 2024. The short-term benchmark interest rate set by The People's Bank of China was 3.35 as of September 30, 2024, down from 3.45 as of June 30, 2024. 
 Inflation. The U.S. core consumer price index rose 3.3 on a year-over-year basis as of September 30, 2024, unchanged from 3.3 on a year-over-year basis as of June 30, 2024. Euro Area core inflation was 2.7 as of September 30, 2024, down from 2.9 as of June 30, 2024. In Japan, core inflation fell to 1.7 on a year-over-year basis as of September 30, 2024, down from 1.9 on a year-over-year basis as of June 30, 2024. Core inflation in China was 0.1 on a year-over-year basis as of September 30, 2024, down from 0.6 as of June 30, 2024. 
 Unemployment. The U.S. unemployment rate was 4.1 as of September 30, 2024, unchanged from 4.1 as of June 30, 2024. Euro Area unemployment was 6.4 as of September 30, 2024, down from 6.5 as of June 30, 2024. The unemployment rate in Japan was 2.5 as of September 30, 2024, unchanged from 2.5 as of June 30, 2024. The unemployment rate in China was 5.1 as of September 30, 2024, up from 4.9 as of June 30, 2024. 
 Several key financial market indicators in the United States and in other countries and regions in which we operate include: 
 Equity Markets. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the S P 500 was up 5.9 , the MSCI Europe Index was up 7.0 , the MSCI Asia Index was up 9.2 and the MSCI World Index was up 6.5 on a total return basis including dividends. Equity market volatility as evidenced by the Chicago Board Options Exchange Market Volatility Index (VIX), a measure of volatility, ended at 16.7 as of September 30, 2024, increasing from 12.4 as of June 30, 2024. 
 Credit Markets. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, U.S. investment grade corporate bond spreads (BofA Merrill Lynch US Corporate Index) tightened by 4 basis points. The non-investment grade credit indices were up during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 with the S P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index up 2.0 and the BofAML HY Master II Index up 5.3 . During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the 10-year government bond yields fell 62 basis points in the United States, fell 38 basis points in Germany, fell 20 basis points in Japan, fell 17 basis points in the UK and fell 4 basis points in China. 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Commodity Markets. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the 3-year forward price of WTI crude oil decreased approximately 4.1 , and the 3-year forward price of natural gas increased from approximately 3.48 per MMBtu to 3.49 per MMBtu as of June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024. The Japan spot LNG import price increased to approximately 12.86 per MMBtu as of September 30, 2024 from approximately 10.35 per MMBtu as of June 30, 2024. 
 Foreign Exchange Rates. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the euro rose 3.9 , the British pound rose 5.8 , the Japanese yen rose 12.0 , and the Chinese renminbi rose 3.5 , respectively, relative to the U.S. dollar. 
 Other Trends, Uncertainties and Risks Related to Our Business 
 Please refer to the "Risk Factors" section of our Annual Report for important additional detail regarding risks, uncertainties and other conditions that could have a material favorable or unfavorable impact on our businesses, including the impact of market and economic conditions on valuations of investments. These risks, uncertainties and other conditions should be read in conjunction with this Business Environment section and the entire Risk Factor section of our Annual Report. In particular, see "Risks Related to Our Investment Activities Our valuation methodologies for certain assets can be subjective, and the fair value of assets established pursuant to such subjective methodologies is uncertain and may never be realized and Risks Related to Our Investment Activities Various market and economic conditions and events outside of our control that are difficult to quantify or predict may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on our financial results. 

Basis of Accounting and Key Financial Measures under GAAP 
 We manage our business using certain financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the productivity of our operating activities. We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our financial statements and Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates contained in this section below. Our key Segment and non-GAAP financial measures and operating metrics are discussed below. 
 
 Key Segment and Non-GAAP Performance Measures 
 The following key segment and non-GAAP performance measures are used by management in making operational and resource deployment decisions as well as assessing the performance of KKR's business. They include certain financial measures that are calculated and presented using methodologies other than in accordance with GAAP. These performance measures as described below are presented prior to giving effect to the allocation of income (loss) between KKR Co. Inc. and holders of exchangeable securities and as such represent the entire KKR business in total. In addition, these performance measures are presented without giving effect to the consolidation of certain investment funds and collateralized financing entities ("CFEs") that KKR manages. 
 We believe that providing these segment and non-GAAP performance measures on a supplemental basis to our GAAP results is helpful to stockholders in assessing the overall performance of KKR's business. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered as a substitute for financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, where applicable are included under " Segment Balance Sheet Measures Reconciliations to GAAP Measures." 
 Modification of Segment Information and Non-GAAP Measures 
 In connection with building and scaling of the core private equity strategy on KKR s balance sheet and the acquisition of all of the remaining equity interests in Global Atlantic on January 2, 2024, KKR reevaluated the manner in which it makes operational and resource deployment decisions and assesses the overall performance of KKR's business. Effective with the first quarter of 2024, the items detailed below have changed with respect to the preparation of the reports used by KKR's chief operating decision makers. As a result, KKR has modified the presentation of its segment financial information with retrospective application to all prior periods presented. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 The most significant changes between KKR's current segment presentation and its previous segment presentation reported prior to the first quarter of 2024, are as follows: 
 Creating a new business segment, Strategic Holdings - The new segment is currently comprised of KKR s participation in its core private equity strategy. Our participation in our core private equity has scaled into a business KKR now evaluates separately from its Asset Management segment. Additionally, KKR may also acquire other long-term assets that are not part of the core private equity strategy for this segment. As of the first quarter of 2024, KKR s participation in its core private equity strategy no longer is reported as part of the Asset Management segment. The Asset Management segment continues to represent KKR's business separate from its insurance operations and continues to reflect how the chief operating decision makers allocate resources and assess performance in the asset management business, which includes operating collaboratively across its business lines, with predominantly a single expense pool. Effective as of the first quarter of 2024, the results of our Strategic Holdings segment includes a management fee and performance fee that is paid to our Asset Management segment for providing advisory services rather than allocating the costs borne by our Asset Management segment to support our Strategic Holdings segment. The historical amounts presented herein do not include any management or performance fees since the governing agreement was not in place prior to the first quarter of 2024. 
 Segment Earnings - Segment Earnings is the performance measure for KKR's segment profitability and is used by management in making operational decisions and to assess performance. 
 Adjusted Net Income 
 Adjusted Net Income ("ANI") is a performance measure of KKR s earnings, which is derived from KKR s reported segment results. ANI is used to assess the performance of KKR s business operations and measures the earnings potentially available for distribution to its equity holders or reinvestment into its business. ANI is equal to Total Segment Earnings less Interest Expense, Net and Other and Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings. Interest Expense, Net and Other includes interest expense on debt obligations not attributable to any particular segment net of interest income earned on cash and short-term investments. Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings represents the (i) amount of income taxes that would be paid assuming that all pre-tax Asset Management and Strategic Holdings segment earnings were allocated to KKR Co. Inc. and taxed at the same effective rate, which assumes that all securities exchangeable into shares of common stock of KKR Co. Inc. were exchanged and (ii) amount of income taxes on Insurance Operating Earnings. Income taxes on Insurance Operating Earnings represent the total current and deferred tax expense or benefit on income before taxes adjusted to eliminate the impact of the tax expense or benefit associated with the non-operating adjustments. Equity based compensation expense is excluded from ANI, because (i) KKR believes that the cost of equity awards granted to employees does not contribute to the earnings potentially available for distributions to its equity holders or reinvestment into its business and (ii) excluding this expense makes KKR s reporting metric more comparable to the corresponding metric presented by other publicly traded companies in KKR s industry, which KKR believes enhances an investor s ability to compare KKR s performance to these other companies. Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings includes the benefit of tax deductions arising from equity-based compensation, which reduces Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings during the period. If tax deductions from equity-based compensation were to be excluded from Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings, KKR s ANI would be lower and KKR s effective tax rate would appear to be higher, even though a lower amount of income taxes would have actually been paid or payable during the period. KKR separately discloses the amount of tax deduction from equity-based compensation for the period reported and the effect of its inclusion in ANI for the period. KKR makes these adjustments when calculating ANI in order to more accurately reflect the net realized earnings that are expected to be or become available for distribution to KKR s equity holders or reinvestment into KKR s business. However, ANI does not represent and is not used to calculate actual dividends under KKR s dividend policy, which is a fixed amount per period, and ANI should not be viewed as a measure of KKR s liquidity. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 Total Segment Earnings 
 Total Segment Earnings is a performance measure that KKR believes is useful to stockholders as it provides a supplemental measure of our operating performance without taking into account items that KKR does not believe arise from or relate directly to KKR's operations. Total Segment Earnings excludes: (i) equity-based compensation charges, (ii) amortization of acquired intangibles, and (iii) transaction-related and non-operating items, if any. Transaction-related and non-operating items arise from corporate actions and non-operating items, which consist of: (i) impairments, (ii) transaction costs from acquisitions, (iii) depreciation on real estate that KKR owns and occupies, (iv) contingent liabilities, net of any recoveries, and (v) other gains or charges that affect period-to-period comparability and are not reflective of KKR's ongoing operational performance. Inter-segment transactions are not eliminated from segment results when management considers those transactions in assessing the results of the respective segments. These transactions include (i) management fees earned by our Asset Management segment as the investment adviser for Global Atlantic insurance companies, (ii) management and performance fees earned by our Asset Management segment for acquiring and managing the companies included in our Strategic Holdings segment, and (iii) interest income and expense based on lending arrangements where our Asset Management segment borrows from our Insurance segment. All these inter-segment transactions are recorded by each segment based on the applicable governing agreements. Total Segment Earnings represents the total segment earnings of KKR s Asset Management, Insurance and Strategic Holdings segments. 
 Asset Management Segment Earnings 
 Asset management segment earnings is the segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and to assess the performance of the Asset Management segment. This measure is presented before income taxes and is comprised of: (i) Fee Related Earnings, (ii) Realized Performance Income, (iii) Realized Performance Income Compensation, (iv) Realized Investment Income, and (v) Realized Investment Income Compensation. The non-operating adjustments made to derive Asset Management Segment Earnings excludes the impact of: (i) unrealized gains (losses) on investments, (ii) unrealized carried interest, and (iii) unrealized carried interest compensation. Management fees earned by KKR as the adviser, manager or sponsor for its investment funds, vehicles and accounts, including its Global Atlantic insurance companies and Strategic Holdings segment, are included in Asset Management Segment Earnings. 
 Insurance Operating Earnings 
 Insurance Operating Earnings is the segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and to assess the performance of the Insurance segment. This measure is presented before income taxes and is comprised of: (i) Net Investment Income, (ii) Net Cost of Insurance, and (iii) General, Administrative, and Other Expenses. The non-operating adjustments made to derive Insurance Operating Earnings excludes the impact of: (i) investment gains (losses) which include realized gains (losses) related to asset/liability matching investment strategies and unrealized investment gains (losses) and (ii) non-operating changes in policy liabilities and derivatives which includes (a) changes in the fair value of market risk benefits and other policy liabilities measured at fair value and related benefit payments, (b) fees attributed to guaranteed benefits, (c) derivatives used to manage the risks associated with policy liabilities, and (d) losses at contract issuance on payout annuities. Insurance Operating Earnings includes (i) realized gains and losses not related to asset/liability matching investment strategies and (ii) the investment management costs that are earned by our Asset Management segment as the investment adviser of the Global Atlantic insurance companies. 
 Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings 
 Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings is the segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and to assess the performance of the Strategic Holdings segment. This measure is presented before income taxes and is comprised of: Dividends, Net and Net Realized Investment Income. The non-operating adjustment made to derive Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings excludes the impact of unrealized gains (losses) on investments. Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings includes management fees and performance fee expenses that are earned by the Asset Management segment. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Fee Related Earnings 
 Fee related earnings is a performance measure used to assess the Asset Management segment s generation of earnings from revenues that are measured and received on a more recurring basis as compared to KKR s investing earnings. KKR believes this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into the profitability of our fee generating asset management and capital markets businesses. FRE equals (i) Management Fees, including fees paid by the Insurance and Strategic Holdings segments to the Asset Management segment and fees paid by certain insurance co-investment vehicles, (ii) Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net and (iii) Fee Related Performance Revenues, less (x) Fee Related Compensation, and (y) Other Operating Expenses. 
 Fee Related Performance Revenues refers to the realized portion of performance fees from certain AUM that has an indefinite term and for which there is no immediate requirement to return invested capital to investors upon the realization of investments. Fee related performance revenues consists of performance fees (i) expected to be received from our investment funds, vehicles and accounts on a recurring basis, and (ii) that are not dependent on a realization event involving investments held by the investment fund, vehicle or account. 
 Fee Related Compensation refers to the compensation expense, excluding equity-based compensation, paid from (i) Management Fees, (ii) Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net, and (iii) Fee Related Performance Revenues. 
 Other Operating Expenses represents the sum of (i) occupancy and related charges and (ii) other operating expenses. 
 Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings 
 Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings is a performance measure used to assess the firm s earnings from companies and businesses reported through its Strategic Holdings segment. Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings currently consists of earnings derived from dividends that the firm receives from businesses acquired through the firm s participation in our core private equity strategy. Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings currently equals dividends less management fees that are earned by our Asset Management segment. This measure is used by management to assess the Strategic Holdings segment s generation of earnings from revenues that are measured and received on a more recurring basis than, and are not dependent on, realizations from investment activities. 
 Total Operating Earnings 
 Total Operating Earnings is a performance measure that represents the sum of (i) FRE, (ii) Insurance Operating Earnings, and (iii) Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings. KKR believes this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into the profitability of the most recurring forms of earnings from each of KKR s segments as compared to investing earnings. 
 Total Investing Earnings 
 Total Investing Earnings is a performance measure that represents the sum of (i) Net Realized Performance Income and (ii) Net Realized Investment Income. KKR believes this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into the earnings of KKR s segments from the realization of investments. 
 Total Asset Management Segment Revenues 
 Total Asset Management Segment Revenues is a performance measure that represents the realized revenues of the Asset Management segment (which excludes unrealized carried interest and unrealized gains (losses) on investments) and is the sum of (i) Management Fees, (ii) Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net, (iii) Fee Related Performance Revenues, (iv) Realized Performance Income, and (v) Realized Investment Income. Asset Management Segment Revenues excludes Realized Investment Income earned based on the performance of businesses presented in the Strategic Holdings segment. KKR believes that this performance measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into all forms of realized revenues generated by our Asset Management segment. 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Other Terms and Capital Metrics 
 Adjusted Shares 
 Adjusted shares represents shares of common stock of KKR Co. Inc. outstanding under GAAP adjusted to include certain securities exchangeable into shares of common stock of KKR Co. Inc and excludes shares granted in connection with equity incentive awards that have not vested. 
 Assets Under Management 
 Assets under management represent the assets managed (including core private equity), advised or sponsored by KKR from which KKR is entitled to receive management fees or performance income (currently or upon a future event), general partner capital, and assets managed, advised or sponsored by our strategic BDC partnership and the hedge fund and other managers in which KKR holds an ownership interest. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into the capital raising activities of KKR and its hedge fund and other managers and the overall activity in their investment funds and other managed or sponsored capital. KKR calculates the amount of AUM as of any date as the sum of: (i) the fair value of the investments of KKR's investment funds and certain co-investment vehicles; (ii) uncalled capital commitments from these funds, including uncalled capital commitments from which KKR is currently not earning management fees or performance income; (iii) the asset value of the Global Atlantic insurance companies; (iv) the par value of outstanding CLOs; (v) KKR's pro rata portion of the AUM of hedge fund and other managers in which KKR holds an ownership interest; (vi) all of the AUM of KKR's strategic BDC partnership; (vii) the acquisition cost of invested assets of certain non-US real estate investment trusts and (viii) the value of other assets managed or sponsored by KKR. The pro rata portion of the AUM of hedge fund and other managers is calculated based on KKR s percentage ownership interest in such entities multiplied by such entity s respective AUM. KKR's definition of AUM (i) is not based on any definition of AUM that may be set forth in the governing documents of the investment funds, vehicles, accounts or other entities whose capital is included in this definition, (ii) includes assets for which KKR does not act as an investment adviser, and (iii) is not calculated pursuant to any regulatory definitions. 
 Capital Invested 
 Capital invested is the aggregate amount of capital invested by (i) KKR s investment funds (including core private equity) and Global Atlantic insurance companies, (ii) KKR's Principal Activities business line as a co-investment, if any, alongside KKR s investment funds, and (iii) KKR's Principal Activities business line in connection with a syndication transaction conducted by KKR's Capital Markets business line, if any. Capital invested is used as a measure of investment activity at KKR during a given period. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides a measure of capital deployment across KKR s business lines. Capital invested includes investments made using investment financing arrangements like credit facilities, as applicable. Capital invested excludes (i) investments in certain leveraged credit strategies, (ii) capital invested by KKR s Principal Activities business line that is not a co-investment alongside KKR s investment funds, and (iii) capital invested by KKR s Principal Activities business line that is not invested in connection with a syndication transaction by KKR s Capital Markets business line. Capital syndicated by KKR's Capital Markets business line to third parties other than KKR s investment funds or Principal Activities business line is not included in capital invested. 
 Fee Paying AUM 
 Fee paying AUM represents only the AUM from which KKR is entitled to receive management fees. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into the capital base upon which KKR earns management fees. FPAUM is the sum of all of the individual fee bases that are used to calculate KKR's and its hedge fund and BDC partnership management fees and differs from AUM in the following respects: (i) assets and commitments from which KKR is not entitled to receive a management fee are excluded (e.g., assets and commitments with respect to which it is entitled to receive only performance income or is otherwise not currently entitled to receive a management fee) and (ii) certain assets, primarily in its private equity funds, are reflected based on capital commitments and invested capital as opposed to fair value because fees are not impacted by changes in the fair value of underlying investments. 
 Uncalled Commitments 
 Uncalled commitments is the aggregate amount of unfunded capital commitments that KKR s investment funds and carry-paying co-investment vehicles (including core private equity) have received from partners to contribute capital to fund future investments, and the amount of uncalled commitments is not reduced by capital invested using borrowings under an investment fund s subscription facility until capital is called from our fund investors. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides additional insight into the amount of capital that is available to KKR s investment funds and carry paying co-investment vehicles to make future investments. Uncalled commitments are not reduced for investments completed using fund-level investment financing arrangements or investments we have committed to make but remain unfunded at the reporting date. 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 Condensed Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) 
 The following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations on a GAAP basis for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. You should read this discussion in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected our segment results in these periods, see " Analysis of Segment Operating Results." See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information about factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations. Please see "Part II Item 5 Other Information" for information regarding the difference between the consolidated results presented in this report to the amounts previously reported in our earnings release issued on October 24, 2024. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Revenues Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Fees and Other 1,105,666 655,367 450,299 Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) 1,163,424 1,009,645 153,779 2,269,090 1,665,012 604,078 Insurance Net Premiums 621,218 220,212 401,006 Policy Fees 375,371 314,016 61,355 Net Investment Income 1,701,826 1,412,130 289,696 Net Investment-Related Gains (Losses) (235,971) (338,230) 102,259 Other Income 60,162 42,341 17,821 2,522,606 1,650,469 872,137 Total Revenues 4,791,696 3,315,481 1,476,215 Expenses Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Compensation and Benefits 1,374,840 900,582 474,258 Occupancy and Related Charges 35,837 24,498 11,339 General, Administrative and Other 367,666 243,268 124,398 1,778,343 1,168,348 609,995 Insurance Net Policy Benefits and Claims (including market risk benefit loss (gain) of 54,469 and (117,654), respectively; remeasurement (gain) loss on policy liabilities: (74,645) and 18,433, respectively.) 
 2,421,695 747,238 1,674,457 Amortization of Policy Acquisition Costs 49,360 17,656 31,704 Interest Expense 78,508 44,724 33,784 Insurance Expenses 211,148 154,311 56,837 General, Administrative and Other 206,951 183,246 23,705 2,967,662 1,147,175 1,820,487 Total Expenses 4,746,005 2,315,523 2,430,482 Investment Income (Loss) - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings 
 Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities 1,314,626 1,468,209 (153,583) Dividend Income 151,260 201,925 (50,665) Interest Income 854,927 873,440 (18,513) Interest Expense (721,940) (724,342) 2,402 Total Investment Income (Loss) 1,598,873 1,819,232 (220,359) Income (Loss) Before Taxes 1,644,564 2,819,190 (1,174,626) Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 209,896 437,210 (227,314) 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Net Income (Loss) 1,434,668 2,381,980 (947,312) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests (4,798) (3,685) (1,113) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 838,916 895,539 (56,623) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. 600,550 1,490,126 (889,576) Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Dividends 17,248 (17,248) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Common Stockholders 600,550 1,472,878 (872,328) 

Condensed Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings 
 Revenues 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenues consisted of the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Management Fees 521,573 458,624 62,949 Fee Credits (257,974) (60,671) (197,303) Transaction Fees 732,129 180,794 551,335 Monitoring Fees 43,622 34,253 9,369 Incentive Fees 4,386 3,150 1,236 Expense Reimbursements 32,789 15,982 16,807 Consulting Fees 29,141 23,235 5,906 Total Fees and Other 1,105,666 655,367 450,299 Carried Interest 1,071,164 841,092 230,072 General Partner Capital Interest 92,260 168,553 (76,293) Total Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) 1,163,424 1,009,645 153,779 Total Revenues 2,269,090 1,665,012 604,078 
 Fees and Other 
 Total Fees and Other for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of the increase in transaction fees and management fees, partially offset by an increase in fee credits. 
 For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected our transaction fees during the period, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results." 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in management fees was primarily attributable to (i) management fees commencing at Global Infrastructure Investors V in the current period, (ii) management fees earned on new capital raised over the past twelve months at our private equity and infrastructure K-series vehicles, and (iii) management fees earned on new capital raised over the past twelve months at Ascendant Fund (a U.S. middle market traditional private equity strategy fund). The increase was partially offset by (i) management fees earned on new capital raised for Global Impact Fund II in the third quarter of 2023 that was retroactive to the start of the fund's investment period, (ii) a lower level of management fees from Asian Fund III due to a step-down in the management fee rate in the current period and a decrease in invested capital and (iii) a decrease in management fees earned from Global Infrastructure Investors IV as a result of entering its post-investment period, and now earns fees based on invested capital rather than capital committed. 
 Management fees due from consolidated investment funds and other vehicles are eliminated upon consolidation under GAAP. However, because these amounts are funded by, and earned from, noncontrolling interests, upon consolidation under GAAP, KKR's allocated share of the net income from the consolidated investment funds and other vehicles is increased by the amount of fees that are eliminated. Accordingly, net income (loss) attributable to KKR would be unchanged if such investment funds and other vehicles were not consolidated. For a more detailed discussion on the factors that affect our management fees during the period, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results." 
 Fee credits increased compared to the prior period as a result of a higher level of transaction fees in our Private Equity, Real Assets, and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines in the current period. Fee credits owed to consolidated investment funds and other vehicles are eliminated upon consolidation under GAAP. However, because these amounts are owed to noncontrolling interests, upon consolidation under GAAP, KKR's allocated share of the net income from the consolidated investment funds and other vehicles is decreased by the amount of fee credits that are eliminated. Accordingly, net income (loss) attributable to KKR would be unchanged if such investment funds and other vehicles were not consolidated. Transaction and monitoring fees earned from our portfolio companies are not eliminated upon consolidation because those fees are earned from companies which are not consolidated. Furthermore, transaction fees earned in our capital markets business are not shared with fund investors. Accordingly, certain transaction fees are reflected in our revenues without a corresponding fee credit. 
 Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) 
 Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was positive primarily due to the net appreciation of the underlying investments at many of our unconsolidated carry earning investment funds, most notably Americas Fund XII, North America Fund XIII, and Global Infrastructure Fund IV. Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was positive primarily due to the net appreciation of the underlying investments at many of our unconsolidated carry earning investment funds, most notably Americas Fund XII, Asian Fund III, and Asian Fund IV. 
 KKR calculates the carried interest that would be due to KKR for each investment fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of the reporting date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. Since the fair value of the underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to the amounts recorded as carried interest to reflect either (a) positive performance, resulting in an increase in the carried interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to KKR to be less than the amount previously recognized, resulting in a negative adjustment to carried interest allocated to the general partner. In each case, it is necessary to calculate the carried interest on cumulative results compared to the carried interest recorded to date and to make the required positive or negative adjustments. 
 Investment Income (Loss) 
 Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 The net gains from investment activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were comprised of net realized gains of 252.5 million and net unrealized gains of 1,062.1 million. 
 Investment gains and losses relating to our general partner capital interest in our unconsolidated funds are not reflected in our discussion and analysis of Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities. Our economics associated with these gains and losses are reflected in Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) as described above. 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Realized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net realized gains related primarily to realized gains from the sale of FiberCop S.p.A. (infrastructure: telecommunications infrastructure sector), BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: BBIO) and Gamma Biosciences L.P. (healthcare sector). Partially offsetting these realized gains were realized losses on our investments in Unzer GmbH (financial services sector) and Qoo10 SG (technology sector). 
 Unrealized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net unrealized gains were driven by (i) mark-to-market gains primarily relating to OneStream, Inc. (NASDAQ: OS), Exact Holding B.V. (technology sector), and April SA (financial services sector) and (ii) the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses relating to the realized losses described above. These unrealized gains were partially offset by (i) unrealized losses on certain foreign exchange derivative contracts, (ii) mark-to-market losses at certain of our consolidated credit funds, and (iii) the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains relating to the realization activity described above. 
 The factors that affect each investment strategy vary depending on the nature of the asset class and the valuation methodology employed. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net gains were primarily generated in the following asset classes: 
 Private equity (including Core Private Equity), which were primarily impacted by (i) overall positive operating performance of its portfolio companies, and (ii) the positive returns of global equity markets and the related increase of market multiples used in the market comparables methodology for the valuation of Level III investments; and 
 Infrastructure, which primarily benefited from the positive operating performance of certain infrastructure assets and, to a lesser extent, by the positive returns of global equity markets and the related increase of market multiples used in the market comparables methodology for the valuation of Level III investments. 
 See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information about the factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuation. 
 Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities for the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 The net gains from investment activities for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were comprised of net realized losses of (69.0) million and net unrealized gains of 1,537.2 million. 
 Realized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, net realized losses related primarily to the (i) realized losses from the distribution of certain assets to third-party fund investors in certain of our consolidated energy funds and (ii) realized losses from certain investments held in our consolidated CLOs. Partially offsetting these realized losses were realized gains on the sale of ForgeRock, Inc. (NYSE: FORG) and realized gains on certain foreign exchange forward contracts. 
 Unrealized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, net unrealized gains were driven by mark-to-market gains primarily relating to (i) USI, Inc. (financial services sector), BridgeBio Pharma, Inc., and Arnott's Biscuits Limited (consumer product sector), and (ii) the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses relating to the realization activity described above. These unrealized gains were partially offset by mark-to-market losses primarily relating to (i) PetVet Care Centers, LLC (health care sector), certain real estate and credit consolidated funds, and debt obligations of our consolidated CLOs. 
 For a discussion of other factors that affected KKR's realized investment income, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results." For additional information about net gains (losses) from investment activities, see Note 4 "Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings" in our financial statements. 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 Dividend Income 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, dividend income was primarily from (i) certain of our consolidated opportunistic real estate equity funds and (ii) our investments in Exact Holding B.V., Arnott's Biscuits Limited and Atlantic Aviation FBO Inc. (infrastructure: transportation sector), each held through our consolidated core investment vehicles. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, dividend income was primarily from (i) certain investments held in our consolidated open-ended core infrastructure fund, Diversified Core Infrastructure Fund, (ii) certain investments held in our consolidated real estate funds, and (iii) from FS KKR Capital Corp. (NYSE: FSK) ("FSK") (our business development company). 
 For a discussion of other factors that affected KKR's dividend income, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results." 
 Interest Income 
 The decrease in interest income during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the impact of lower interest rates during the period on floating rate investments held in consolidated CLOs and certain of our consolidated private credit funds. The decrease in interest income was partially offset by the impact of closing CLOs that are consolidated subsequent to September 30, 2023. For a discussion of other factors that affected KKR's interest income, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results." 
 Interest Expense 
 The decrease in interest expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the impact of lower interest rates during the period on floating rate debt obligations held in consolidated CLOs and from certain consolidated funds and other vehicles. This decrease was partially offset by (i) the impact of closing CLOs that are consolidated subsequent to September 30, 2023 and (ii) an increase in the amount of borrowings outstanding from certain consolidated funds and other vehicles. For a discussion of other factors that affected KKR's interest expense, see " Key Segment and Non-GAAP Performance Measures." 
 Expenses - Asset Management 
 Compensation and Benefits Expense 
 The increase in compensation and benefits expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to a higher level of accrued carried interest compensation in the current period. Additionally, the number of equity-based compensation awards granted in 2023 is higher than in 2022, which resulted in higher equity-based compensation in the current period. 
 Occupancy and Related Charges 
 The increase in occupancy and related charges during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to the commencement of new office leases in the current period. 
 General, Administrative and Other 
 The increase in general, administrative and other expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to (i) a provision for legal reserves in the current period, (ii) issuance costs from newly formed consolidated CLOs in the current period and (iii) a higher level of expenses reimbursable by our unconsolidated investment funds and broken-deal expenses. 
 The level of broken-deal expenses can vary significantly period to period based upon a number of factors, the most significant of which are the number of potential investments being pursued for our investment funds, the size and complexity of investments being pursued, and the number of investment funds currently in their investment period. 
 In periods of increased fundraising and to the extent that we use third parties to assist in our capital raising efforts, our General, Administrative and Other expenses are expected to increase accordingly. 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Condensed Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) - Insurance 
 Assumption review 
 The assumptions on which reserves, deferred revenue and expenses are based are intended to represent an estimation of the benefits that are expected to be payable to, and fees or premiums that are expected to be collectible from, policyholders in future periods. Global Atlantic reviews the adequacy of its reserves, deferred revenue and expenses and the assumptions underlying those items at least annually, usually in the third quarter. As Global Atlantic analyzes its assumptions, to the extent Global Atlantic chooses to update one or more of those assumptions, there may be an unlocking impact. Generally, favorable unlocking means the change in assumptions required a reduction in reserves, or in deferred revenue liabilities, and unfavorable unlocking means the change in assumptions required an increase in reserves or in deferred revenue liabilities, or a reduction in deferred expenses. 
 The following table reflects the impact on net income before taxes and to insurance segment adjusted operating earnings from Global Atlantic s assumption review: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Total assumption review impact on income before taxes 74,645 (18,433) 93,078 Assumption review impact on adjustments to derive insurance segment adjusted operating earnings (87,955) 18,709 (106,664) Non-controlling interests' share of assumption review impact (101) 101 Total assumption review impact on insurance segment adjusted operating earnings (13,310) 175 (13,485) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the net favorable impact on income before taxes was primarily due to (i) higher assumed mortality rates for guaranteed income riders on income fixed-indexed annuities, and (ii) higher assumed interest rate margins on certain interest-sensitive life products due to higher reinvestment rates and flat crediting rates. These favorable impacts were partially offset by (i) lower assumed surrender rates on interest-sensitive life products without secondary guarantees, (ii) an increase in the option budget assumptions for certain fixed-indexed annuities and interest sensitive life products, and (iii) higher surrender rate assumption for certain assumed flow annuity business. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the net unfavorable impact on income before taxes was primarily due to (i) an increase in option cost assumptions for indexed products (net of the impact of reducing caps), (ii) an increase in mortality assumptions related to certain annuity products, and (iii) a decrease in expected surrenders on income annuities and life insurance products. These unfavorable impacts were partially offset by a favorable impact of lower expected surrenders on accumulation annuities. 
 The assumption review impact on adjustments to derive insurance segment adjusted operating earnings primarily reflect the net impact of assumptions changes related to market risk benefits and other policy liabilities measured at fair value. 
 Revenues 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenues consisted of the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Net Premiums 621,218 220,212 401,006 Policy Fees 375,371 314,016 61,355 Net Investment Income 1,701,826 1,412,130 289,696 Net Investment-Related Losses (235,971) (338,230) 102,259 Other Income 60,162 42,341 17,821 Total Insurance Revenues 2,522,606 1,650,469 872,137 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 Net Premiums 
 Net premiums increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) an increase in premiums assumed from flow reinsurance transactions with life contingencies or morbidity risk during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and (ii) new preneed premiums originated from a new distribution partner. The increase was partially offset by higher retrocessions to third party reinsurers during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The initial premiums on assumed reinsurance were offset by a comparable increase in policy reserves reported within net policy benefits and claims (as discussed below under Expenses Net policy benefits and claims ). 
 Net investment income 
 Net investment income increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) increased average assets under management due to growth in assets in Global Atlantic's institutional market channel as a result of new reinsurance transactions and individual market channel sales and (ii) growth in portfolio yields. The growth in portfolio yields during the three months ended September 30, 2024, was offset in part due to holding higher levels of lower yielding assets, such as cash and corporate fixed maturity securities acquired as part of recent reinsurance transactions, pending deployment into higher yielding asset classes. 
 Net investment-related losses 
 The components of net investment-related losses were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Funds Withheld Payable Embedded Derivatives (1,305,338) 666,599 (1,971,937) Equity Future Contracts (25,426) 52,484 (77,910) Foreign Exchange and Other Derivative Contracts (84,416) 7,857 (92,273) Equity Index Options 231,926 (191,382) 423,308 Interest Rate Contracts 324,733 (297,107) 621,840 Funds Withheld Receivable Embedded Derivatives (19,012) 75,929 (94,941) Net Gains on Derivative Instruments (877,533) 314,380 (1,191,913) Net Other Investment Gains (Losses) 641,562 (652,610) 1,294,172 Net Investment-related Losses (235,971) (338,230) 102,259 
 Net gains on derivative instruments 
 The decrease in the fair value of embedded derivatives on funds withheld at interest payable was driven primarily by the change in fair value of the underlying investments in the funds withheld payable at interest portfolio, which is primarily comprised of fixed maturity securities (designated as trading for accounting purposes), mortgage and other loan receivables and other investments. The underlying investments in the funds withheld at interest payable portfolio increased in value during the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a decrease in market interest rates, as compared to a decrease in value in the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to an increase in market interest rates. 
 The decrease in the fair value of embedded derivatives on funds withheld at interest receivable was primarily due to a decrease in market interest rates during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to an increase in market interest rates during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The decrease in the fair value of foreign exchange and other derivative contracts was primarily driven by a combination of an increase in the notional amount of foreign exchange derivatives, and a weakening of the U.S. dollar (primarily against the euro and British Pound) during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The increase in the fair value of interest rate contracts was primarily driven by a decrease in market interest rates during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to an increase in market interest rates during the three months ended September 30, 2023, resulting in a gain and a loss on interest rate contracts, in each of the respective periods. 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in the fair value of equity index options was primarily driven by the performance of the indexes upon which these options are based. Global Atlantic purchases equity index options to hedge the market risk of embedded derivatives in indexed universal life and fixed-indexed annuity products (the change in which is accounted for in net policy benefits and claims). The majority of Global Atlantic's equity index options are based on the S P 500 Index, which increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to a decrease during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net other investment (losses) gains 
 The components of net other investment (losses) gains were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Realized (Losses) Gains on Investments Not Supporting Asset-liability Matching Strategies 6,626 6,626 Realized Losses on Available-for-sale Fixed Maturity Debt Securities (285,352) (15,156) (270,196) Credit Loss Allowances (153,151) (10,008) (143,143) Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Fixed Maturity Securities Classified as Trading 1,056,483 (594,218) 1,650,701 Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments Accounted Under a Fair-value Option and Equity Investments 20,589 (6,750) 27,339 Unrealized Losses on Real Estate Investments Recognized at Fair Value Under Investment Company Accounting (26,503) (26,442) (61) Realized (Losses) Gains on Funds Withheld at Interest Payable Portfolio (20,158) 5,720 (25,878) Realized Losses on Funds Withheld at Interest Receivable Portfolio (24,194) (4,821) (19,373) Other 67,222 (935) 68,157 Net Other Investment-related Gains (Losses) 641,562 (652,610) 1,294,172 
 The increase in net other investment gains for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to net other investment losses for the three months ended September 30, 2023, were primarily due to (i) an increase in unrealized gains on fixed maturity securities classified as trading primarily as a result of the growth in the trading portfolio and a decrease in market interest rates during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to an increase in market interest rates during the three months ended September 30, 2023, and (ii) an increase in unrealized gains on investments accounted under a fair-value option and equity investments. 
 Partially offsetting these increases in net other investment gains were (i) an increase in realized losses on available-for-sale fixed maturity debt securities due to strategic optimization of yields by selling lower-yielding older vintages of available-for-sale debt securities to be replaced with more recent vintages of similar credit quality with higher expected yields, as well as the ongoing rotation of investments acquired from recent reinsurance transactions into asset classes with higher expected yields (referred to as portfolio optimization and asset rotation in this report) and (ii) an increase in credit loss allowances due to a decrease in credit quality of certain commercial mortgage loan and available-for-sale fixed maturity debt securities, and an increase in initial allowances due to new residential mortgage loan originations in the quarter. 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 Expenses 
 Net policy benefits and claims 
 Net policy benefits and claims increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) an increase in net flows from both individual and institutional market channel sales, (ii) higher initial reserves assumed related to new reinsurance transactions with life contingencies or morbidity risk in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, (iii) higher average funding costs due to higher crediting rates and the ordinary-course run-off of older business originated in a lower interest rate environment, (iv) an increase in market risk benefits liabilities due to a decrease in market interest rates for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to an increase during the three months ended September 30, 2023, and (v) an increase in the value of embedded derivatives in Global Atlantic's fixed indexed annuity products, as a result of higher equity market gains for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (as discussed above under "Condensed Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) Insurance Revenues Net investment-related (losses) gains," Global Atlantic purchases equity index options in order to hedge this risk, the fair value changes of which are accounted for in gains on derivative instruments, and generally offsetting the change in embedded derivative fair value reported in net policy benefits and claims). 
 These increases were offset in part by (i) favorable impacts related to the assumption review described above under Notable Items Assumption Review above, and (ii) a decrease in market risk benefits liabilities due to an increase in equity markets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to a decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Amortization of policy acquisition costs 
 Amortization of policy acquisition costs increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to growth in Global Atlantic s individual market and institutional market channels. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in total debt outstanding with higher coupon rates, and the impact of new debt issuances in the prior quarter. 
 Insurance expenses 
 Insurance expenses increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in commission expenses and reinsurance expense allowances as result of higher volumes of new business in the institutional markets channel. 
 General, administrative and other expenses 
 General, administrative and other expenses increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation expenses, offset in part by a decrease in professional and consulting fees. 
 
 Other Condensed Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Income taxes decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily driven by the lower level of income before taxes attributable to common stockholders. For a discussion of factors that impacted KKR's tax provision, see Note 18 "Income Taxes" in our financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests for the three months ended September 30, 2024 relates primarily to net income (loss) attributable to: (i) exchangeable securities representing ownership interests in KKR Group Partnership until they are exchanged for common stock of KKR Co. Inc. and (ii) third-party limited partner interests in consolidated investment funds. Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to net gains from investment activities at our consolidated investment funds. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. 
 Net income (loss) attributable to KKR Co. Inc. decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a higher level of net policy benefits and claims expense recognized by Global Atlantic and higher compensation expense on the carry pool allocation from our asset management operations, partially offset by a higher level of fees and capital allocation-based income from our asset management operations and higher investment-related income recognized by Global Atlantic, as described above. 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) 
 The following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations on a GAAP basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. You should read this discussion in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. See also "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information about factors that may affect our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations. Please see "Part II Item 5 Other Information" for information regarding the difference between the consolidated results presented in this report to the amounts previously reported in our earnings release issued on October 24, 2024. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Revenues Asset Management and Strategic Holding Fees and Other 2,621,516 2,086,830 534,686 Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) 3,164,491 2,155,560 1,008,931 5,786,007 4,242,390 1,543,617 Insurance Net Premiums 7,593,534 1,320,265 6,273,269 Policy Fees 1,038,218 943,200 95,018 Net Investment Income 4,802,226 4,023,882 778,344 Net Investment-Related Gains (Losses) (780,077) (579,613) (200,464) Other Income 180,436 119,357 61,079 12,834,337 5,827,091 7,007,246 Total Revenues 18,620,344 10,069,481 8,550,863 Expenses Asset Management and Strategic Holding Compensation and Benefits 3,586,453 2,133,366 1,453,087 Occupancy and Related Charges 82,683 70,240 12,443 General, Administrative and Other 950,136 746,543 203,593 4,619,272 2,950,149 1,669,123 Insurance Net Policy Benefits and Claims (including market risk benefit loss (gain) of (35,501) and (46,631), respectively; remeasurement (gain) loss on policy liabilities: (74,645) and 18,433, respectively.) 
 11,881,924 4,010,306 7,871,618 Amortization of Policy Acquisition Costs 78,416 62,037 16,379 Interest Expense 198,825 124,817 74,008 Insurance Expenses 655,338 551,750 103,588 General, Administrative and Other 571,503 599,029 (27,526) 13,386,006 5,347,939 8,038,067 Total Expenses 18,005,278 8,298,088 9,707,190 Investment Income (Loss) - Asset Management and Strategic Holding Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities 2,345,455 1,878,885 466,570 Dividend Income 867,666 597,031 270,635 Interest Income 2,648,890 2,452,117 196,773 Interest Expense (2,259,257) (2,020,788) (238,469) Total Investment Income (Loss) 3,602,754 2,907,245 695,509 Income (Loss) Before Taxes 4,217,820 4,678,638 (460,818) Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 696,066 910,912 (214,846) 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Net Income (Loss) 3,521,754 3,767,726 (245,972) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 57,546 (12,728) 70,274 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 1,513,518 1,088,622 424,896 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. 1,950,690 2,691,832 (741,142) Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Dividends 51,747 (51,747) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Common Stockholders 1,950,690 2,640,085 (689,395) 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings 
 Revenues 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenues consisted of the following: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Management Fees 1,478,403 1,358,526 119,877 Fee Credits (435,476) (167,814) (267,662) Transaction Fees 1,267,204 660,049 607,155 Monitoring Fees 135,902 98,902 37,000 Incentive Fees 38,215 21,721 16,494 Expense Reimbursements 68,050 48,366 19,684 Consulting Fees 69,218 67,080 2,138 Total Fees and Other 2,621,516 2,086,830 534,686 Carried Interest 2,856,414 1,724,777 1,131,637 General Partner Capital Interest 308,077 430,783 (122,706) Total Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) 3,164,491 2,155,560 1,008,931 Total Revenues - Asset Management 5,786,007 4,242,390 1,543,617 
 Fees and Other 
 Total Fees and Other for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of an increase in transaction fees and management fees, which were partially offset by an increase in fee credits. 
 For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected our transaction fees during the period, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results." 
 The increase in management fees was primarily attributable to (i) management fees earned on new capital raised over the past twelve months at Ascendant Fund and our private equity and infrastructure K-Series vehicles and (ii) management fees commencing at Global Infrastructure Investors V in the current period. The increase was partially offset by (i) a lower level of management fees from Americas Fund XII and Asian Fund III due to a step-down in each fund's management fee rate and a decrease in invested capital over the past twelve months and (ii) a decrease in management fees earned from Global Infrastructure Investors IV as a result of entering its post-investment period, and now earns fees based on invested capital rather than capital committed. 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 Management fees due from consolidated investment funds and other vehicles are eliminated upon consolidation under GAAP. However, because these amounts are funded by, and earned from, noncontrolling interests, upon consolidation under GAAP, KKR's allocated share of the net income from the consolidated investment funds and other vehicles is increased by the amount of fees that are eliminated. Accordingly, net income (loss) attributable to KKR would be unchanged if such investment funds and other vehicles were not consolidated. For a more detailed discussion on the factors that affect our management fees during the period, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results." 
 Fee credits increased compared to the prior period as a result of a higher level of transaction fees in our Private Equity, Real Assets, and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines in the current period. Fee credits owed to consolidated investment funds and other vehicles are eliminated upon consolidation under GAAP. However, because these amounts are owed to noncontrolling interests, upon consolidation under GAAP, KKR's allocated share of the net income from the consolidated investment funds is decreased by the amount of fee credits that are eliminated. Accordingly, net income (loss) attributable to KKR would be unchanged if such investment funds and other vehicles were not consolidated. Transaction and monitoring fees earned from KKR portfolio companies are not eliminated upon consolidation because those fees are earned from companies which are not consolidated. Furthermore, transaction fees earned in our capital markets business are not shared with fund investors. Accordingly, certain transaction fees are reflected in our revenues without a corresponding fee credit. 
 Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) 
 Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was positive primarily due to the net appreciation of the underlying investments in many of our unconsolidated carry-earning investment funds, most notably Americas Fund XII, North America Fund XIII, and Global Infrastructure Investors IV. Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was positive primarily due to the net appreciation of the underlying investments in many of our unconsolidated carry-earning investment funds, most notably Americas Fund XII, Asian Fund III, and Asian Fund IV. 
 KKR generally calculates the carried interest that would be due to KKR for each investment fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of the reporting date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. Since the fair value of the underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to the amounts recorded as carried interest to reflect either (a) positive performance, resulting in an increase in the carried interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to KKR to be less than the amount previously recognized, resulting in a negative adjustment to carried interest allocated to the general partner. In each case, it is necessary to calculate the carried interest on cumulative results compared to the carried interest recorded to date and to make the required positive or negative adjustments. 
 Investment Income (Loss) - Asset Management 
 Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 The net gains from investment activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were comprised of net realized gains of 285.7 million and net unrealized gains of 2,059.8 million. 
 Investment gains and losses relating to our general partner capital interest in our unconsolidated funds are not reflected in our discussion and analysis of Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities. Our economics associated with these gains and losses are reflected in Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) as described above. 
 Realized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net realized gains related primarily to the (i) realized gains on the sale of FiberCop S.p.A.and BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. and (ii) realized gains on certain foreign exchange forward contracts. Partially offsetting these realized gains were (i) realized losses on our investments in Unzer GmbH, Qoo10 SG, and Telepizza SAU (consumer products sector) and (ii) realized losses from the distribution of certain assets to third-party fund investors in certain of our consolidated energy funds. 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 Unrealized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net unrealized gains were driven primarily by mark-to-market gains primarily relating to our investments in Exact Holding B.V., OneStream, Inc. and USI, Inc. These unrealized gains were partially offset by (i) mark-to-market losses primarily relating to our investment in Accell Group N.V. (consumer products sector), (ii) the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains relating to the realization activity described above, and (iii) unrealized losses on certain foreign exchange forward contracts. 
 The factors that affect each investment strategy vary depending on the nature of the asset class and the valuation methodology employed. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net gains were primarily generated in the following asset classes: 
 Private Equity (including Core private equity), which were primarily impacted by (i) overall positive operating performance of its portfolio companies, and (ii) the positive returns of global equity markets and the related increase of market multiples used in the market comparables methodology for the valuation of Level III investments; and 
 Infrastructure, which primarily benefited from the positive operating performance of certain infrastructure assets and to a lesser extent by the positive returns of global equity markets and the related increase of market multiples used in the market comparables methodology for the valuation of Level III investments. 
 See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information about the factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuation. 
 Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 The net gains from investment activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were comprised of net realized losses of (358.9) million and net unrealized gains of 2,237.8 million. 
 Realized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net realized losses related primarily to (i) a realized loss on our investment in Envision Healthcare Corporation (healthcare sector), (ii) realized losses on our alternative credit investments, Hilding Anders International AB (consumer products sector) and Chembulk Group (transportation sector), and (iii) realized losses from the distribution of certain assets to third-party investors in certain of our consolidated energy funds. Partially offsetting these realized losses were realized gains primarily relating to the sale of our investment in (i) KnowBe4, Inc. (NASDAQ: KNBE), (ii) Flutter Entertainment PLC (LON: FLTR), and (iii) ForgeRock, Inc. 
 Unrealized Gains and Losses from Investment Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net unrealized gains were driven primarily by (i) mark-to-market gains primarily relating to BridgeBio Pharma, Inc., USI, Inc., and Exact Holding B.V., (ii) the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses relating to the realization activity described above, and (iii) certain investments held in our consolidated CLOs. These unrealized gains were partially offset by mark-to-market losses primarily relating to (i) GenesisCare Pty Ltd. (healthcare sector) and PetVet Care Centers, LLC and (ii) debt obligations of our consolidated CLOs. 
 For a discussion of other factors that affected KKR's realized investment income, see "-Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results." 
 Dividend Income 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, dividend income was primarily from (i) our investments in 1-800 Contacts Inc. (healthcare sector), Exact Holdings B.V., Viridor Limited (infrastructure: energy and energy transition sector), and FiberCop S.p.A., held through our consolidated core investment vehicles, (ii) our investment in M sOrange (telecommunications sector), held through our consolidated European Fund V, and (iii) certain of our consolidated opportunistic real estate equity funds. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, dividend income was primarily from (i) certain investments held in our consolidated open-ended core infrastructure fund, Diversified Core Infrastructure Fund, (ii) certain of our consolidated opportunistic real estate equity funds, and (iii) Atlantic Aviation FBO Inc., which is held in our consolidated core private equity funds. 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 Significant dividends from portfolio companies and consolidated funds are generally not recurring quarterly dividends, and while they may occur in the future, their size and frequency are variable. For a discussion of other factors that affected KKR's dividend income, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results." 
 Interest Income 
 The increase in interest income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to (i) the impact of closing CLOs that are consolidated subsequent to September 30, 2023, (ii) the impact of higher interest rates during the period on floating rate investments held in consolidated CLOs and our consolidated private credit funds, and (iii) a higher level of interest income from certain of our consolidated private credit funds, related primarily to an increase in the amount of capital deployed. For a discussion of other factors that affected KKR's interest income, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results." 
 Interest Expense 
 The increase in interest expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to (i) the increase in the amount of borrowings outstanding from certain consolidated funds and other vehicles, (ii) the impact of closing CLOs that are consolidated subsequent to September 30, 2023, (iii) the impact of higher interest rates during the current period on floating rate debt obligations held in consolidated CLOs, and (iv) the impact of issuances of KKR senior notes after September 30, 2023. For a discussion of other factors that affected KKR's interest expense, see " Analysis of Non-GAAP Performance Measures." 
 Expenses - Asset Management 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 The increase in compensation and benefits during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to a higher level of accrued carried interest compensation in the current period. Additionally, the number of equity-based compensation awards granted in 2023 is higher than in 2022, which resulted in higher equity-based compensation in the current period. 
 Occupancy and Related Charges 
 The increase in occupancy and related charges during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to the commencement of new office leases in the current period. 
 General, Administrative and Other 
 The increase in general, administrative and other during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to (i) a provision for legal reserves in the current period, (ii) issuance costs from newly formed consolidated CLOs in the current period and (iii) a higher level of expenses reimbursable by our unconsolidated investment funds. 
 In periods of increased fundraising and to the extent that we use third parties to assist in our capital raising efforts, our General, Administrative and Other are expected to increase accordingly. 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) - Insurance 
 Assumption review 
 The following table reflects the impact on net income before taxes and to insurance segment adjusted operating earnings from Global Atlantic s annual assumption review completed in the third quarter (which as a result, is identical to the table presented above for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Total assumption review impact on income before taxes 74,645 (18,433) 93,078 Assumption review impact on adjustments to derive insurance segment adjusted operating earnings (87,955) 18,709 (106,664) Non-controlling interests' share of assumption review impact (101) 101 Total assumption review impact on insurance segment adjusted operating earnings (13,310) 175 (13,485) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the net favorable impact on income before taxes was primarily due to (i) higher assumed mortality rates for guaranteed income riders on fixed-indexed annuities, and (ii) higher assumed interest rate margins on certain interest-sensitive life products due to an increase in assumed reinvestment rates and flat crediting rates. These favorable impacts were partially offset by (i) lower assumed surrender rates on interest-sensitive life products without secondary guarantees, (ii) an increase in the option budget assumptions for certain fixed-indexed annuities and interest sensitive life products, and (iii) higher surrender rate assumption for certain assumed flow annuity business. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the net unfavorable impact on income before taxes was primarily due to (i) an increase in option cost assumptions for indexed products (net of the impact of reducing caps), (ii) an increase in mortality assumptions related to certain annuity products, and (iii) a decrease in expected surrenders on income annuities and life insurance products. These unfavorable impacts were partially offset by a favorable impact of lower expected surrenders on accumulation annuities. 
 The assumption review impact on adjustments to derive insurance segment adjusted operating earnings primarily reflect the net impact of assumption changes related to market risk benefits and other policy liabilities measured at fair value. 
 Revenues 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenues consisted of the following: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Net Premiums 7,593,534 1,320,265 6,273,269 Policy Fees 1,038,218 943,200 95,018 Net Investment Income 4,802,226 4,023,882 778,344 Net Investment-Related Gains (Losses) (780,077) (579,613) (200,464) Other Income 180,436 119,357 61,079 Total Insurance Revenues 12,834,337 5,827,091 7,007,246 
 Net Premiums 
 Net premiums increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in initial premiums assumed from reinsurance transactions with life contingencies or morbidity risk during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was partially offset by higher retrocessions to third party reinsurers during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The initial premiums on assumed reinsurance were offset by a comparable increase in policy reserves reported within net policy benefits and claims (as discussed below under Expenses Net policy benefits and claims ). 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 Net investment income 
 Net investment income increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) increased average assets under management due to growth in assets in Global Atlantic's institutional market channel as a result of new reinsurance transactions and individual market channel sales and (ii) growth in portfolio yields due to portfolio optimization and asset rotation. 
 Net investment-related losses 
 The components of net investment-related losses were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Funds Withheld Payable Embedded Derivatives (852,165) 269,206 (1,121,371) Equity Future Contracts (96,312) (36,724) (59,588) Foreign Exchange and Other Derivative Contracts (47,940) 22,375 (70,315) Equity Index Options 580,358 123,107 457,251 Interest Rate Contracts (42,280) (392,876) 350,596 Funds Withheld Receivable Embedded Derivatives 6,592 59,311 (52,719) Net Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments (451,747) 44,399 (496,146) Net Other Investment Gains (Losses) (328,330) (624,012) 295,682 Net Investment-related Losses (780,077) (579,613) (200,464) 
 Net gains on derivative instruments 
 The decrease in the fair value of embedded derivatives on funds withheld at interest payable for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the change in fair value of the underlying investments in the funds withheld at interest payable portfolio, which is primarily comprised of fixed maturity securities (designated as trading for accounting purposes), mortgage and other loan receivables, and other investments. The underlying investments in the funds withheld at interest payable portfolio increased in value during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in market interest rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to an increase in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The decrease in the fair value of foreign exchange and other derivative contracts was primarily driven by a combination of an increase in the notional amount of foreign exchange derivatives and a weakening of the U.S. dollar (primarily against the euro and British Pound) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The increase in the fair value of equity index options was primarily driven by the performance of the indexes upon which these options are based. Global Atlantic purchases equity index options to hedge the market risk of embedded derivatives in indexed universal life and fixed-indexed annuity products (the change in which is accounted for in net policy benefits and claims). The majority of Global Atlantic's equity index options are based on the S P 500 Index, which increased during both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The increase in the fair value of interest rate contracts was primarily driven by a decrease in market interest rates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and an increase in market interest rates during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, resulting in a smaller loss on interest rate contracts for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 Net other investment (losses) gains 
 The components of net other investment (losses) gains were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Realized Gains on Investments Not Supporting Asset-liability Matching Strategies 16,698 2,103 14,595 Realized Losses on Available-for-sale Fixed Maturity Debt Securities (387,975) (67,195) (320,780) Credit Loss Allowances (288,606) (180,045) (108,561) Impairment of Available-for-sale Fixed Maturity Debt Securities Due to Intent to Sell (26,741) 26,741 Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Fixed Maturity Securities Classified as Trading 471,647 (284,555) 756,202 Unrealized Losses on Investments Accounted Under a Fair-value Option and Equity Investments (56,579) (65,963) 9,384 Unrealized Losses on Real Estate Investments Recognized at Fair Value Under Investment Company Accounting (133,280) (6,621) (126,659) Realized Gains on Funds Withheld at Interest Payable Portfolio 50,147 13,332 36,815 Realized (Losses) Gains on Funds Withheld at Interest Receivable Portfolio (47,242) 892 (48,134) Other 46,860 (9,219) 56,079 Net Other Investment-related Losses (328,330) (624,012) 295,682 
 The decrease in net other investment losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to (i) a decrease in unrealized losses on fixed maturity securities classified as trading primarily as a result of a decrease in market interest rates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to an increase in market interest rates during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and (ii) an increase in realized gains on funds withheld at interest payable portfolio. 
 Offsetting these decreases in net other investment losses were (i) an increase in realized losses on available-for-sale fixed maturity securities as result of portfolio optimization and asset rotation, (ii) an increase in unrealized losses on real estate investments at fair-value under investment company accounting primarily due to higher discount rates and capitalization rates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and (iii) an increase in credit loss allowances on mortgage and other loan receivables in the current period primarily due to a decrease in credit quality of certain commercial mortgage loan and available-for-sale fixed maturity debt securities, and an increase in initial allowances due to new residential mortgage loan originations in the quarter. 
 Expenses 
 Net policy benefits and claims 
 Net policy benefits and claims increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) an increase in net flows from both individual and institutional market channel sales, (ii) higher initial reserves assumed related to new reinsurance transactions with life contingencies or morbidity risk in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, (iii) an increase in the value of embedded derivatives in Global Atlantic s fixed indexed annuity products, as a result of lower equity market gains for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (as discussed above under " Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis) Revenues Net investment-related gains (losses)," Global Atlantic purchases equity index options in order to hedge this risk, the fair value changes of which are accounted for in gains on derivative instruments, and generally offsetting the change in embedded derivative fair value reported in net policy benefits and claims), (iv) higher average funding costs due to higher crediting rates and the ordinary-course run-off of older business originated in a lower interest rate environment, and (v) a decrease in market risk benefits gains due to a smaller increase in interest rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 These increases were offset in part by favorable impacts related to the assumption review described above under Notable Items Assumption Review above. 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of policy acquisition costs 
 Amortization of policy acquisition costs increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to growth in Global Atlantic s individual market and institutional market channels. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in total debt outstanding. 
 Insurance expenses 
 Insurance expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in commission expenses and reinsurance expense allowances as result of higher volumes of new business in the institutional markets channel. 
 
 General, administrative and other expenses 
 General, administrative and other expenses decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to decreased employee compensation expenses. 
 
 Other Consolidated Results of Operations (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Income tax expense decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily driven by the lower level of income before taxes attributable to common stockholders. For a discussion of factors that impacted KKR's tax provision, see Note 18 "Income Taxes" in our financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relates primarily to net income (loss) attributable to: (i) exchangeable securities representing ownership interests in KKR Group Partnership until they are exchanged for common stock of KKR Co. Inc. and (ii) third-party limited partner interests in consolidated investment funds. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily related to net gains from investment activities at our consolidated investment funds. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. 
 Net income attributable to KKR Co. Inc. decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a higher level of net policy benefits and claims expense recognized by Global Atlantic and higher compensation expense on the carry pool allocation from our asset management operations, partially offset by a higher level of fees and capital allocation-based income from our asset management operations and higher investment-related income recognized by Global Atlantic and our asset management and strategic holdings operations, as described above. 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) 
 The following table provides our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition on a GAAP basis as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) As of As of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Asset Management and Strategic Holding Cash and Cash Equivalents 8,602,477 8,393,892 Investments 104,301,594 98,634,801 Other Assets 7,701,167 6,538,674 120,605,238 113,567,367 Insurance Cash and Cash Equivalents 5,857,308 11,954,675 Investments 172,377,108 141,370,323 Other Assets 61,816,222 50,401,829 240,050,638 203,726,827 Total Assets 360,655,876 317,294,194 Liabilities and Equity Asset Management and Strategic Holdings Debt Obligations 45,641,569 44,886,870 Other Liabilities 12,390,376 8,256,514 58,031,945 53,143,384 Insurance Debt Obligations 3,811,218 2,587,857 Other Liabilities 237,014,103 203,184,041 240,825,321 205,771,898 Total Liabilities 298,857,266 258,915,282 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 1,322,308 615,427 Stockholders' Equity Stockholders' Equity - Common Stock 24,083,685 22,858,694 Noncontrolling Interests 36,392,617 34,904,791 Total Equity 60,476,302 57,763,485 Total Liabilities and Equity 360,655,876 317,294,194 
 On January 2, 2024, KKR completed the 2024 GA Acquisition. Prior to becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of KKR in the 2024 GA Acquisition, Global Atlantic was majority owned and controlled by KKR, and KKR already consolidated Global Atlantic in the consolidated financial statements of KKR Co. Inc. The purchase price paid by KKR was approximately 2.6 billion, including the issuances of approximately 41 million of securities exchangeable for shares of KKR Co. Inc. common stock. Global Atlantic was consolidated prior to January 2, 2024 and consequently, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. At the time of the 2024 GA Acquisition, the carrying value of the noncontrolling interests held by third parties in Global Atlantic was lower than the purchase price paid by KKR, which was determined by excluding unrealized losses on its available-for-sale portfolio, which are included in accumulated other comprehensive income. As such, this transaction resulted in a decrease in KKR Co. Inc. Stockholders Equity. However, this decrease was more than offset by (i) net income attributable to KKR Co. Inc. common stockholders and (ii) appreciation in the Global Atlantic available-for-sale portfolio (recorded in Other Comprehensive Income), resulting in an increase in Stockholder's Equity - Common Stock compared to December 31, 2023. 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (GAAP Basis - Unaudited) 
 The following is a discussion of our consolidated cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. You should read this discussion in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. 
 The consolidated statements of cash flows include the cash flows of our consolidated entities, which include certain consolidated investment funds, CLOs and certain variable interest entities formed by Global Atlantic notwithstanding the fact that we may hold only a minority economic interest in those investment funds and CFEs. The assets of our consolidated investment funds and CFEs, on a gross basis, can be substantially larger than the assets of our business and, accordingly, could have a substantial effect on the cash flows reflected in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The primary cash flow activities of our consolidated funds and CFEs involve: (i) capital contributions from fund investors; (ii) using the capital of fund investors to make investments; (iii) financing certain investments with indebtedness; (iv) generating cash flows through the realization of investments; and (v) distributing cash flows from the realization of investments to fund investors. Because our consolidated funds are treated as investment companies for accounting purposes, certain of these cash flow amounts are included in our cash flows from operations. 
 Net Cash Provided (Used) by Operating Activities 
 Our net cash provided (used) by operating activities was 6.8 billion and (2.6) billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our operating activities primarily included: (i) investments purchased (asset management and strategic holdings), net of proceeds from investments (asset management and strategic holdings) of 0.5 billion and (7.5) billion, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, (ii) net realized gains (losses) on investments (asset management and strategic holdings) of 0.3 billion and (0.4) billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, (iii) change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments (asset management and strategic holdings) of 2.1 billion and 2.2 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, (iv) capital allocation-based income (loss) (asset management and strategic holdings) of 3.2 billion and 2.2 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, (v) net investment and policy liability-related gains (losses) (insurance) of (2.5) billion and (1.7) billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and (vi) interest credited to policyholder account balances (net of policy fees) (insurance) of 3.0 billion and 2.0 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Investment funds are investment companies under GAAP and reflect their investments and other financial instruments at fair value. 
 Net Cash Provided (Used) by Investing Activities 
 Our net cash provided (used) by investing activities was (16.8) billion and (4.7) billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our investing activities primarily included: (i) investments purchased (insurance), net of proceeds from investments (insurance), of (16.7) billion and (4.7) billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and (ii) the purchase of fixed assets of (88.4) million and (79.2) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Net Cash Provided (Used) by Financing Activities 
 Our net cash provided (used) by financing activities was 4.2 billion and 5.6 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our financing activities primarily included: (i) contributions from, net of distributions to, our noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests of (174.5) million and 4.3 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, (ii) proceeds received, net of repayment of debt obligations, of 2.4 billion and 2.9 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, (iii) additions to, net of withdrawals from, contractholder deposit funds (insurance) of 6.2 billion and (0.4) billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, (iv) cash consideration for the 2024 GA Acquisition of (2.6) billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, (v) reinsurance transactions, net of cash provided (insurance) of 47.8 million and 79.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, (vi) common stock dividends of (456.6) million and (417.3) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and (vii) Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock dividends of (51.7) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Segment Operating Results 
 The following is a discussion of the results of our business on a segment basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. You should read this discussion in conjunction with the information included under " Analysis of Non-GAAP Performance Measures" and the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information about factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations. 
 
 Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results 
 The following tables set forth information regarding KKR's asset management segment operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Management Fees 892,629 758,700 133,929 Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net 467,145 124,014 343,131 Fee Related Performance Revenues 56,655 20,436 36,219 Fee Related Compensation (247,875) (203,209) (44,666) Other Operating Expenses (167,881) (142,416) (25,465) Fee Related Earnings 1,000,673 557,525 443,148 Realized Performance Income 391,920 329,266 62,654 Realized Performance Income Compensation (289,994) (213,816) (76,178) Realized Investment Income 151,546 216,727 (65,181) Realized Investment Income Compensation (22,732) (34,679) 11,947 Asset Management Segment Earnings 1,231,413 855,023 376,390 
 Management Fees 
 The following table presents management fees by business line: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Management Fees Private Equity 346,675 318,424 28,251 Real Assets 265,912 213,863 52,049 Credit and Liquid Strategies 280,042 226,413 53,629 Total Management Fees 892,629 758,700 133,929 
 The increase in Private Equity management fees was primarily attributable to (i) management fees earned on new capital raised over the past twelve months at Ascendant Fund (a U.S. middle market traditional private equity strategy fund) and our private equity K-Series vehicles and (ii) management fees earned from our Strategic Holdings segment in the current period. The increase was partially offset by (i) management fees earned on new capital raised for Global Impact Fund II in the third quarter of 2023 that was retroactive to the start of the fund's investment period and (ii) a lower level of management fees from Asian Fund III due to a step-down in the management fee rate in the current period and a decrease in invested capital. During the third quarter of 2024, approximately 13.4 million of management fees were earned on new capital raised that is retroactive to the start of the relevant fund's investment period. As of the date of this filing, no management fees are expected to be earned in the fourth quarter 2024 as a result of new capital raised that is retroactive to the start of a fund's investment period. 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in Real Assets management fees was primarily attributable to (i) management fees commencing at Global Infrastructure Investors V in the current period, (ii) management fees earned on new capital raised over the past twelve months at our infrastructure K-series vehicles, and (iii) a higher level of management fees earned from Global Atlantic due to the growth in assets from inflows. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in management fees earned from Global Infrastructure Investors IV as a result of entering its post-investment period, and now earns fees based on invested capital rather than capital committed. During the third quarter of 2024, approximately 3.2 million of management fees were earned on new capital raised that is retroactive to the start of the relevant fund's investment period. 
 The increase in Credit and Liquid Strategies management fees was primarily attributable to (i) a higher level of management fees earned from Global Atlantic due to the growth in assets from inflows, (ii) a higher level of management fees earned from FSK and (iii) an increase in capital invested in certain alternative credit strategy accounts, which resulted in an increase in its fee base. The increase was partially offset by a lower level of management fees from certain leveraged credit strategy accounts primarily due to a decrease in the funds' fee base from distributions to, and redemptions by, fund investors. 
 Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net 
 The following table presents transaction and monitoring fees, net by business line: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net Private Equity 29,306 17,837 11,469 Real Assets 11,631 4,352 7,279 Credit and Liquid Strategies 2,559 1,620 939 Capital Markets 423,649 100,205 323,444 Total Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net 467,145 124,014 343,131 
 Our Private Equity, Real Assets and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines earn transaction and monitoring fees from portfolio companies, and under the terms of the management agreements with certain of our investment funds, we are required to share all or a portion of such fees with our fund investors. For most of our investment funds, transaction and monitoring fees are credited against fund management fees up to 100 of the amount of the transaction and monitoring fees attributable to that investment fund, which results in a decrease in our transaction and monitoring fees. Our Capital Markets business line earns transaction fees, which are generally not shared with fund investors. 
 The increase in transaction and monitoring fees, net is primarily due to a higher level of transaction fees earned in our Capital Markets business line. The increase in Capital Markets business line transaction fees was primarily due to an increase in the number of capital markets transactions for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting increased levels of issuance activity across the global equity and leveraged loan markets. Overall, we completed 101 capital markets transactions for the three months ended September 30, 2024, of which 19 represented equity offerings and 82 represented debt offerings, as compared to 60 capital markets transactions for the three months ended September 30, 2023, of which 9 represented equity offerings and 51 represented debt offerings. We earn fees in connection with underwriting, syndication and other capital markets services. While each of the capital markets transactions that we undertake in this business line is separately negotiated, our fee rates are generally higher with respect to underwriting or syndicating equity offerings than with respect to debt offerings, and the amount of fees that we earn for similar transactions generally correlates with overall transaction sizes. 
 Our capital markets fees are generated in connection with activity involving our private equity, real assets and credit funds as well as from third-party companies. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 approximately 10 of our transaction fees in our Capital Markets business line were earned from unaffiliated third parties as compared to 15 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our transaction fees are comprised of fees earned in North America, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 48 of our transaction fees were generated outside of North America as compared to approximately 32 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our Capital Markets business line is dependent on the overall capital markets environment, which is influenced by equity prices, credit spreads, and volatility. Our Capital Markets business line does not generate monitoring fees. 
 See " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results Capital Invested" for more information about capital invested by business line. 
 154 

Table of Contents 

 Fee Related Performance Revenues 
 The following table presents fee related performance revenues by business line: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Fee Related Performance Revenues Private Equity Real Assets 34,387 1,493 32,894 Credit and Liquid Strategies 22,268 18,943 3,325 Total Fee Related Performance Revenues 56,655 20,436 36,219 
 Fee related performance revenues represent performance fees that are (i) expected to be received from our investment funds, vehicles and accounts on a more recurring basis, and (ii) not dependent on a realization event involving investments held by the investment fund, vehicle or account. 
 These performance fees are primarily earned from (i) FSK in our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line, and (ii) KKR Real Estate Select Trust Inc. ("KREST") (our registered closed-end real estate equity fund), KKR Real Estate Finance Trust Inc. ("KREF") (our real estate credit investment trust), KJR Management ("KJRM") (our Japanese real estate investment trust asset manager), and our infrastructure K-Series vehicles in our Real Assets business line. 
 Fee related performance revenues were higher for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period primarily due to a performance fee being earned from one of our infrastructure K-Series vehicles in our Real Assets business line in the current period. 
 Fee Related Compensation 
 The increase in fee related compensation for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of compensation recorded in connection with the higher level of fee related revenues partially offset by a lower percentage of fee related revenues recorded as compensation in the current period as compared to the prior period. Effective as of the first quarter of 2024, KKR reduced the compensation range on fee related revenues to a 15 to 20 range. 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 The increase in other operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of professional fees and occupancy related costs compared to the prior period. 
 Fee Related Earnings 
 The increase in fee related earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to (i) a higher level of transaction fees earned in our Capital Markets business line and (ii) a higher level of management fees across our Private Equity, Real Assets, and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines, partially offset by a higher level of fee related compensation and other operating expenses, as described above. 
 155 

Table of Contents 

 Realized Performance Income 
 The following table presents realized performance income by business line: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Realized Performance Income Private Equity 283,626 298,707 (15,081) Real Assets 93,354 28,488 64,866 Credit and Liquid Strategies 14,940 2,071 12,869 Total Realized Performance Income 391,920 329,266 62,654 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Private Equity Asian Fund III 219,679 18,439 201,240 Private Equity K-Series 54,601 54,601 Strategic Holdings Segment 15,475 15,475 Americas Fund XII 249,998 (249,998) European Fund IV 7,353 (7,353) Next Generation Technology Growth Fund 4,178 (4,178) Other (6,129) 18,739 (24,868) Total Realized Performance Income 283,626 298,707 (15,081) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Real Assets Global Infrastructure Investors III 77,194 77,194 Real Estate Partners Americas II 9,684 22,983 (13,299) Global Infrastructure Investors II 4,231 (4,231) Other 6,476 1,274 5,202 Total Realized Performance Income 93,354 28,488 64,866 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Credit and Liquid Strategies Alternative Credit Funds 2,971 2,971 Other 11,969 2,071 9,898 Total Realized Performance Income 14,940 2,071 12,869 
 Realized performance income includes (i) realized carried interest from our carry earning funds and (ii) incentive fees not included in Fee Related Performance Revenues. Incentive fees consist primarily of performance fees earned from (i) our hedge fund partnerships, (ii) investment management agreements with KKR sponsored investment vehicles, and (iii) investment management agreements to provide KKR s investment strategies to funds managed by a UK investment fund manager. 
 Realized performance income in our Private Equity business line for the three months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of (i) realized proceeds from the sale of our investment in Kokusai Electric Corporation (TYO: 6525) held by Asian Fund III and (ii) performance income from one of our private equity K-Series vehicles and our Strategic Holdings segment. 
 156 

Table of Contents 

 Realized performance income in our Private Equity business line for the three months ended September 30, 2023 consisted primarily of realized proceeds from the sale of our investments in AppLovin Corporation (NASDAQ: APP) and RBmedia (media sector), which were both held by Americas Fund XII, and Kokusai Electric Corporation held by Asian Fund III. 
 Realized performance income in our Real Assets business line for the three months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of realized proceeds from the sale of our investment in FiberCop S.p.A. held by Global Infrastructure Investors III. 
 Realized performance income in our Real Assets business line for the three months ended September 30, 2023, consisted primarily of realized proceeds from dividends received and sales of various investments held by Real Estate Partners Americas II. 
 Realized performance income in our Credit Liquid Strategies business line for the three months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of performance fees earned from Marshall Wace and certain leveraged credit investment funds. 
 Realized performance income in our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line for the three months ended September 30, 2023 consisted primarily of performance fees earned from certain leveraged credit investment funds. 
 Realized Performance Income Compensation 
 The increase in realized performance income compensation for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to (i) a higher level of compensation recorded in connection with the higher level of realized performance income and (ii) a higher percentage of realized performance income recorded as compensation in the current period as compared to the prior period. Effective as of the first quarter of 2024, KKR increased the compensation range on realized performance income to a 70 to 80 range. 
 Realized Investment Income 
 The following table presents realized investment income in our Principal Activities business line: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Realized Investment Income Net Realized Gains (Losses) 70,383 108,827 (38,444) Interest Income and Dividends, Net 81,163 107,900 (26,737) Total Realized Investment Income 151,546 216,727 (65,181) 
 The decrease in realized investment income is primarily due to a lower level of net realized gains and interest income and dividends, net. The amount of realized investment income depends on the transaction activity of our funds and Asset Management segment balance sheet, which can vary from period to period. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net realized gains were comprised of realized gains primarily from the sale of our investments in Kokusai Electric Corporation and BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. Partially offsetting these realized gains were realized losses, the most significant of which were (i) a realized loss on our private equity investment, Qoo10 SG and (ii) realized losses from the sales of various revolving credit facilities. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, net realized gains were comprised of realized gains primarily from the sale of our investments in AppLovin Corporation, RBmedia, and ForgeRock, Inc. Partially offsetting these realized gains were realized losses from the sale of revolving credit facilities and the sale of our interest in our leveraged credit open-ended fund. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest income and dividends, net were comprised of (i) interest income primarily from our investments in CLOs, and (ii) dividend income primarily from our investments in Crescent Energy Company (NYSE: CRGY) ("Crescent") and KREST. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, interest income and dividends, net were comprised of (i) interest income, primarily from our investments in CLOs and (ii) dividend income primarily from our Americas real estate credit and equity investments, our investment in Diversified Core Infrastructure Fund and Crescent. See " Analysis of Segment and Non-GAAP Performance Measures" and " Segment Balance Sheet Measures." 
 157 

Table of Contents 

 Realized investment income includes the net income (loss) from KKR Capstone. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, total fees attributable to KKR Capstone were 29.1 million and total expenses attributable to KKR Capstone were 20.2 million. For KKR Capstone-related adjustments in reconciling asset management segment revenues to GAAP revenues see " Segment Balance Sheet Measures Reconciliations to GAAP Measures." 
 Realized Investment Income Compensation 
 The decrease in realized investment income compensation for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period is primarily due to a lower level of compensation recorded in connection with the lower level of realized investment income. The compensation range on realized investment income did not change from the prior year and remains at its current range of 10 to 20 . 
 Operating and Capital Metrics 
 The following tables present our key Asset Management segment operating and capital metrics: 
 As of September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change in millions) Assets Under Management 624,396 601,341 23,055 Fee Paying Assets Under Management 505,703 487,320 18,383 Uncalled Commitments 107,592 107,707 (115) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in millions) Capital Invested 24,094 9,044 15,050 
 Assets Under Management 
 Private Equity 
 The following table reflects the changes in the AUM of our Private Equity business line from June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) June 30, 2024 185,265 New Capital Raised 2,490 Distributions and Other (3,826) Redemptions (6) Change in Value 6,227 September 30, 2024 190,150 
 AUM of our Private Equity business line was 190.2 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 4.9 billion, compared to 185.3 billion at June 30, 2024. 
 The increase was primarily attributable to (i) appreciation in investment value from Americas Fund XII, our core private equity strategy, and North America Fund XIII, and, to a lesser extent, (ii) new capital raised from our private equity K-Series vehicles and Ascendant Fund. Partially offsetting the increase were distributions to fund investors primarily as a result of realized proceeds, most notably from Asian Fund III, Asian Fund IV, and our core private equity strategy. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the value of our traditional private equity investment portfolio increased 5 . This was comprised of a 11 increase in share prices of various publicly held investments and a 4 increase in value of our privately held investments. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the value of our growth equity investment portfolio increased 4 and our core private equity investment portfolio increased 3 . 
 158 

Table of Contents 

 The most significant increases in share prices of our publicly held investments were increases in OneStream, Inc., BrightSpring Health Services Inc. (NASDAQ: BTSG), and AppLovin Corporation. These increases were partially offset by decreases in share prices of other publicly held investments, the most significant of which were Kokusai Electric Corporation and HD Hyundai Marine Solution Co. Ltd. (KRX: 443060). The prices of publicly held companies may experience volatile changes following the reporting period. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information about the factors, such as volatility, that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations. 
 The most significant increases in the value of our privately held investments were increases in USI, Inc., GeoStabilization International (industrials sector), and Omnissa, LLC (technology sector). These increases in value of our privately held investments were partially offset by decreases in the value of certain other privately held investments, the most significant of which were Accell Group N.V. and Inkling Holdings LLC (media sector). The increased valuations of our privately held investments, in the aggregate, generally related to (i) individual company performance and (ii) an increase in the value of market comparables. The decreased valuations of our privately held investments, in the aggregate, generally related to an unfavorable business outlook. 
 Real Assets 
 The following table reflects the changes in the AUM of our Real Assets business line from June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) June 30, 2024 151,549 New Capital Raised 10,463 Distributions and Other (3,056) Redemptions (64) Change in Value 3,917 September 30, 2024 162,809 
 AUM of our Real Assets business line was 162.8 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 11.3 billion, compared to 151.5 billion at June 30, 2024. 
 The increase was primarily attributable to new capital raised from Global Atlantic, Global Infrastructure Investors V, and a new strategic investor partnership, and to a lesser extent, the increase of the value of the assets managed by KJRM due to the impact of the appreciation in the value of the Japanese Yen and appreciation in investment value from Global Infrastructure Investors IV. Partially offsetting the increase were (i) payments to Global Atlantic policyholders and (ii) distributions to fund investors as a result of realized proceeds, most notably from Global Infrastructure Investors III. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the value of our infrastructure investment portfolio increased 6 and the value of our opportunistic real estate equity investment portfolio increased 2 . 
 The most significant increases in value across our Real Assets portfolio were increases in CyrusOne Inc. (infrastructure: telecommunications infrastructure sector), Atlantic Aviation FBO Inc., and Albioma SA (infrastructure: energy and energy transition sector). These increases in value across our real assets portfolio were partially offset by decreases in the value of certain other investments, the most significant of which were Rocky Mountain Midstream LLC (infrastructure: midstream sector) and Namsan Square (real estate). The increased valuations across our real assets portfolio, in the aggregate, generally related to individual company or asset performance. The decreased valuations across our real assets portfolio, in the aggregate, generally related to an unfavorable business outlook. 
 159 

Table of Contents 

 Credit and Liquid Strategies 
 The following table reflects the changes in the AUM of our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line from June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) June 30, 2024 264,527 New Capital Raised 10,940 Distributions and Other (5,446) Redemptions (1,405) Change in Value 2,821 September 30, 2024 271,437 
 AUM of our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line was 271.4 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 6.9 billion compared to 264.5 billion at June 30, 2024. 
 The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised from Global Atlantic and various private credit investment funds, (ii) the issuance of CLOs, and, to a lesser extent, (iii) investment value appreciation on assets managed by Marshall Wace and across our leveraged credit and private credit investment funds. Partially offsetting the increases were (i) payments to Global Atlantic policyholders, (ii) investor redemptions at Marshall Wace, and (iii) distributions to, and redemptions from, fund investors at certain leveraged credit and private credit funds. 
 See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information about the factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations. 
 Fee Paying Assets Under Management 
 Private Equity 
 The following table reflects the changes in the FPAUM of our Private Equity business line from June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) June 30, 2024 118,240 New Capital Raised 2,679 Distributions and Other (1,978) Redemptions (6) Change in Value 667 September 30, 2024 119,602 
 FPAUM of our Private Equity business line was 119.6 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.4 billion compared to 118.2 billion at June 30, 2024. 
 The increase was primarily attributable to new capital raised from private equity K-Series vehicles and Ascendant Fund. Partially offsetting the increase was (i) distributions to fund investors primarily as a result of realized proceeds, most notably from our core private equity strategy and Asian Fund III and (ii) a reduction in FPAUM for realized losses on our investments in Unzer GmbH and Qoo10 SG. 
 Uncalled capital commitments from private equity funds and other investment vehicles from which KKR is currently not earning management fees amounted to approximately 18.7 billion at September 30, 2024, which includes capital commitments reserved for follow-on investments for funds that have completed their investment periods. This capital will generally begin to earn management fees upon deployment of the capital or upon the commencement of the fund's investment period. The average annual management fee rate associated with this capital is approximately 0.9 . The date on which we begin to earn fees (as specified above) is not guaranteed to occur and may not occur for an extended period of time. If and when such management fees are earned, a portion of existing FPAUM may cease paying fees or pay lower fees, thus offsetting a portion of any new management fees earned. 
 160 

Table of Contents 

 Real Assets 
 The following table reflects the changes in the FPAUM of our Real Assets business line from June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) June 30, 2024 126,574 New Capital Raised 11,147 Distributions and Other (2,297) Redemptions (64) Net Changes in Fee Base of Certain Funds (669) Change in Value 2,113 September 30, 2024 136,804 
 FPAUM of our Real Assets business line was 136.8 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 10.2 billion, compared to 126.6 billion at June 30, 2024. 
 The increase was primarily attributable to new capital raised from Global Atlantic, Global Infrastructure Investors V, and Real Estate Partners Americas IV, and to a lesser extent, an increase in the value of the assets managed by KJRM due to the impact of the appreciation in the value of the Japanese Yen. Partially offsetting the increase were (i) payments to Global Atlantic policyholders, (ii) a change in fee base for Real Estate Partners Americas III as a result of the fund entering its post-investment period, during which we earn fees on invested capital rather than remaining commitment and invested capital, and (iii) distributions to fund investors primarily as a result of realized proceeds, most notably from Global Infrastructure Investors III. 
 Uncalled capital commitments from real assets investment funds and other investment vehicles from which KKR is currently not earning management fees amounted to approximately 17.6 billion at September 30, 2024, which includes capital commitments reserved for follow-on investments for funds that have completed their investment periods. This capital will generally begin to earn management fees upon deployment of the capital or upon the commencement of the fund's investment period. The average annual management fee rate associated with this capital is approximately 1.2 . The date on which we begin to earn fees (as specified above) is not guaranteed to occur and may not occur for an extended period of time. If and when such management fees are earned, a portion of existing FPAUM may cease paying fees or pay lower fees, thus offsetting a portion of any new management fees earned. 
 Credit and Liquid Strategies 
 The following table reflects the changes in the FPAUM of our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line from June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) June 30, 2024 242,506 New Capital Raised 11,169 Distributions and Other (5,504) Redemptions (1,405) Change in Value 2,531 September 30, 2024 249,297 
 FPAUM of our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line was 249.3 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 6.8 billion, compared to 242.5 billion at June 30, 2024. 
 The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised from Global Atlantic and various private credit investment funds, (ii) the issuance of CLOs, and, to a lesser extent, (iii) investment value appreciation on assets managed by Marshall Wace and across our leveraged credit and private credit investment funds. Partially offsetting the increase were (i) payments to Global Atlantic policyholders, (ii) investor redemptions at Marshall Wace, and (iii) distributions to, and redemptions from, fund investors at certain leveraged credit and private credit funds. 
 161 

Table of Contents 

 Uncalled capital commitments from credit investment funds from which KKR is currently not earning management fees amounted to approximately 16.3 billion at September 30, 2024, which includes capital commitments reserved for follow-on investments for funds that have completed their investment periods. This capital will generally begin to earn management fees upon deployment of the capital or upon the commencement of the fund's investment period. The average annual management fee rate associated with this capital is approximately 0.6 . The date on which we begin to earn fees is not guaranteed to occur and may not occur for an extended period of time. If and when such management fees are earned, a portion of existing FPAUM may cease paying fees or pay lower fees, thus offsetting a portion of any new management fees earned. 
 See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information about the factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations. 
 Uncalled Commitments 
 Private Equity 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Private Equity business line had 52.3 billion of remaining uncalled commitments that could be called for investments in new transactions as compared to 54.9 billion as of June 30, 2024. The decrease was primarily attributable to capital called from fund investors to make investments during the period, which was offset by new capital commitments from fund investors. 
 Real Assets 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Real Assets business line had 35.6 billion of remaining uncalled commitments that could be called for investments in new transactions as compared to 33.1 billion as of June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to new capital commitments from fund investors, which was partially offset by capital called from fund investors to make investments during the period. 
 Credit and Liquid Strategies 
 As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line had 19.7 billion of remaining uncalled commitments that could be called for investments in new transactions. Remaining uncalled commitments remained flat as new capital commitments from fund investors was offset by capital called from fund investors to make investments during the period. 
 Capital Invested 
 Private Equity 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our Private Equity business line had 6.0 billion of capital invested as compared to 1.6 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven primarily by a 3.4 billion increase in capital invested in our traditional private equity strategy and a 0.9 billion increase in capital invested in our growth equity strategy. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, 61 of capital deployed in private equity (including core and growth equity investments which includes impact investments) was in transactions in North America, 24 was in Europe, and 15 was in the Asia-Pacific region. The number of large private equity investments made in any quarterly or year-to-date period is volatile and, consequently, a significant amount of capital invested in one period or a few periods may not be indicative of a similar level of capital deployment in future periods. 
 Real Assets 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our Real Assets business line had 7.8 billion of capital invested as compared to 4.2 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven primarily by a 2.1 billion increase in capital invested in our infrastructure strategy and a 1.6 billion increase in our real estate strategy. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, 61 of capital deployed in real assets was in transactions in North America, 37 was in Europe, and 2 was in the Asia-Pacific region. The number of large real assets investments made in any quarterly or year-to-date period is volatile and, consequently, a significant amount of capital invested in one period or a few periods may not be indicative of a similar level of capital deployment in future periods. 
 162 

Table of Contents 

 Credit and Liquid Strategies 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line had 10.2 billion of capital invested as compared to 3.3 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven primarily by a higher level of capital deployed across our various private credit strategies, most notably asset-based finance and direct lending. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, 89 of capital deployed was in transactions in North America, 8 was in Europe, and 3 was in the Asia-Pacific region. 
 
 Analysis of Insurance Segment Operating Results 
 The following table sets forth information regarding KKR's insurance segment operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Net Investment Income 1,636,300 1,356,407 279,893 Net Cost of Insurance (1,166,891) (820,014) (346,877) General, Administrative and Other (230,889) (204,701) (26,188) Pre-tax Operating Earnings 238,520 331,692 (93,172) Pre-tax Operating Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests (121,665) 121,665 Insurance Operating Earnings (1) 
 238,520 210,027 28,493 
 (1) Please see "Part II Item 5 Other Information" for information regarding the difference between the insurance segment operating earnings presented in this report to the amounts previously reported in our earnings release issued on October 24, 2024. 
 Net Investment Income 
 Net investment income increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) increased average assets under management due to growth in assets in the institutional market channel as a result of recent reinsurance transactions and individual market channel sales from new business growth, and (ii) increases in portfolio yields, due in part to portfolio optimization and asset rotation. 
 Net Cost of Insurance 
 Net cost of insurance increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) growth in reserves in the institutional market channel as a result of recent reinsurance transactions and in the individual market channel as a result of new business volumes, and (ii) higher average funding costs due to higher crediting rates and the routine run-off of older business originated in a lower interest rate environment. 
 General, Administrative and Other Expenses 
 General, administrative and other expenses increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) an increase in interest expense due to a net increase in total debt outstanding and (ii) higher compensation expense. 
 Insurance Operating Earnings 
 Insurance operating earnings increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the acquisition of the remaining minority interests of Global Atlantic not already held by KKR on January 2, 2024. 
 163 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Strategic Holdings Segment Operating Results 
 The following table sets forth information regarding KKR's strategic holdings segment operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Dividends, Net 6,828 6,828 Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings 6,828 6,828 Net Realized Investment Income 87,693 87,693 Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings 94,521 94,521 
 Dividends, Net 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, dividends, net were comprised of dividend income from Exact Holding B.V., Arnott's Biscuits Limited and Atlantic Aviation FBO Inc. For the three months ended September 30, 2023 there were no dividends earned. Dividends earned in our Strategic Holdings segment are reduced by a management fee charged by our Asset Management segment. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the management fee was 8.2 million. 
 Net Realized Investment Income 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 net realized investment income was comprised of a realized gain from the sale of FiberCop S.p.A. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, there was no net realized investment income earned in our Strategic Holdings segment. Realized investment income earned in our Strategic Holdings segment is reduced by a contractual performance fee charged by our Asset Management segment. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the performance fee was 15.5 million. 
 Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings 
 Strategic Holdings segment earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by net realized investment income from the sale of FiberCop S.p.A and the distribution of dividends by companies owned by the firm through our participation in the core private equity strategy. 
 164 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Non-GAAP Performance Measures 
 The following is a discussion of our Non-GAAP performance measures for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Fee Related Earnings 1,000,673 557,525 443,148 Insurance Operating Earnings (1) 
 238,520 210,027 28,493 Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings 6,828 6,828 Total Operating Earnings 1,246,021 767,552 478,469 Net Realized Performance Income 101,926 115,450 (13,524) Net Realized Investment Income 216,507 182,048 34,459 Total Investing Earnings 318,433 297,498 20,935 Total Segment Earnings 1,564,454 1,065,050 499,404 Interest Expense, Net and Other (88,101) (80,679) (7,422) Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings (294,850) (204,640) (90,210) Adjusted Net Income 1,181,503 779,731 401,772 
 (1) Please see "Part II Item 5 Other Information" for information regarding the difference between the insurance segment operating earnings presented in this report to the amounts previously reported in our earnings release issued on October 24, 2024. 
 
 Total Operating Earnings 
 The increase in total operating earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of fee related earnings, insurance operating earnings, and strategic holdings operating earnings. The higher level of insurance operating earnings was primarily due to the acquisition of the remaining minority interests of Global Atlantic not already held by KKR on January 2, 2024. For a discussion of fee related earnings, insurance operating earnings, and strategic holdings operating earnings, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results", " Analysis of Insurance Segment Operating Results", and " Analysis of Strategic Holdings Segment Operating Results." 
 Total Investing Earnings 
 The increase in total investing earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of net realized investment income, partially offset by a lower level of net realized performance income. For a discussion of net realized performance income and net realized investment income, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results" and " Analysis of Strategic Holdings Segment Operating Results." 
 Total Segment Earnings 
 The increase in total segment earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to an increase in total operating earnings and total investing earnings. 
 Adjusted Net Income 
 The increase in adjusted net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of total segment earnings, partially offset by an increase in income taxes on adjusted earnings. 
 165 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings 
 The increase in income taxes on adjusted earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of total segment earnings. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amount of the tax benefit from equity-based compensation included in income taxes on adjusted earnings was 35.3 million and 12.2 million, respectively. The inclusion of the tax benefit from equity-based compensation in Adjusted Net Income had the effect of increasing this measure by 3 and 2 , respectively, for three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results 
 The following tables set forth information regarding KKR's asset management segment operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Management Fees 2,555,263 2,245,744 309,519 Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net 842,087 456,421 385,666 Fee Related Performance Revenues 112,901 70,529 42,372 Fee Related Compensation (614,294) (623,987) 9,693 Other Operating Expenses (471,146) (440,295) (30,851) Fee Related Earnings 2,424,811 1,708,412 716,399 Realized Performance Income 1,145,774 653,998 491,776 Realized Performance Income Compensation (843,011) (424,910) (418,101) Realized Investment Income 424,845 529,583 (104,738) Realized Investment Income Compensation (63,725) (81,576) 17,851 Asset Management Segment Earnings 3,088,694 2,385,507 703,187 
 Management Fees 
 The following table presents management fees by business line: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Management Fees Private Equity 1,039,810 954,846 84,964 Real Assets 716,084 608,818 107,266 Credit and Liquid Strategies 799,369 682,080 117,289 Total Management Fees 2,555,263 2,245,744 309,519 
 The increase in Private Equity management fees was primarily attributable to (i) management fees earned on new capital raised over the past twelve months at Ascendant Fund and our private equity K-Series vehicles and (ii) management fees earned from our Strategic Holdings segment in the current period. The increase was partially offset by a lower level of management fees from Americas Fund XII and Asian Fund III due to a step-down in each funds' management fee rate and a decrease in invested capital over the past twelve months. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 40.2 million of management fees were earned on new capital raised that were retroactive to the start of the relevant fund's investment period. 
 166 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in Real Assets management fees was primarily attributable to (i) a higher level of management fees earned from Global Atlantic due to the growth in assets from inflows, (ii) management fees commencing at Global Infrastructure Investors V in the current period, and (iii) management fees earned on new capital raised over the past twelve months at our infrastructure K-series vehicles. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in management fees earned from Global Infrastructure Investors IV as a result of entering its post-investment period, and now earns fees based on invested capital rather than capital committed. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 3.7 million of management fees were earned on new capital raised that is retroactive to the start of the relevant fund's investment period. 
 The increase in Credit and Liquid Strategies management fees was primarily attributable to (i) a higher level of management fees earned from Global Atlantic due to the growth in assets from inflows, (ii) a higher level of management fees earned from FSK, and (iii) an increase in capital invested in certain alternative credit strategy accounts, which resulted in an increase in its fee base. The increase was partially offset by (i) a lower level of management fees from certain leveraged credit strategy accounts primarily due to a decrease in the funds' fee base from distributions to, and redemptions from, fund investors, and (ii) a lower level of management fees from certain SIG funds primarily due to a decrease in the funds' fee base from the sale of investments and certain SIG funds which no longer pay management fees as a result of an agreement to waive such fees. 
 Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net 
 The following table presents transaction and monitoring fees, net by business line: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net Private Equity 61,751 85,253 (23,502) Real Assets 40,756 15,265 25,491 Credit and Liquid Strategies 8,113 3,397 4,716 Capital Markets 731,467 352,506 378,961 Total Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net 842,087 456,421 385,666 
 Our Private Equity, Real Assets and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines earn transaction and monitoring fees from portfolio companies, and under the terms of the management agreements with certain of our investment funds, we are required to share all or a portion of such fees with our fund investors. For most of our investment funds, transaction and monitoring fees are credited against fund management fees up to 100 of the amount of the transaction and monitoring fees attributable to that investment fund, which results in a decrease of our monitoring and transaction fees. Our Capital Markets business line earns transaction fees, which are generally not shared with fund investors. 
 The increase in transaction and monitoring fees, net is primarily due to a higher level of transaction fees earned in our Capital Markets. The increase in capital markets transaction fees was primarily due to an increase in the number of capital markets transactions for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting increased levels of capital markets issuance activity across the global equity and leveraged loan markets. Overall, we completed 285 capital markets transactions for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which 43 represented equity offerings and 242 represented debt offerings, as compared to 162 transactions for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, of which 32 represented equity offerings and 130 represented debt offerings. We earn fees in connection with underwriting, syndication and other capital markets services. While each of the capital markets transactions that we undertake in this business line is separately negotiated, our fee rates are generally higher with respect to underwriting or syndicating equity offerings than with respect to debt offerings, and the amount of fees that we earn for similar transactions generally correlates with overall transaction sizes. 
 Our capital markets fees are generated in connection with activity involving our private equity, real assets and credit funds as well as from third-party companies. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, approximately 15 of our transaction fees in our Capital Markets business line were earned from unaffiliated third parties. Our transaction fees are comprised of fees earned from North America, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 42 of our transaction fees were generated outside of North America as compared to approximately 46 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our Capital Markets business line is dependent on the overall capital markets environment, which is influenced by equity prices, credit spreads, and volatility. Our Capital Markets business line does not generate monitoring fees. 
 167 

Table of Contents 

 Fee Related Performance Revenues 
 The following table presents fee related performance revenues by business line: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Fee Related Performance Revenues Private Equity Real Assets 51,993 14,252 37,741 Credit and Liquid Strategies 60,908 56,277 4,631 Total Fee Related Performance Revenues 112,901 70,529 42,372 
 Fee related performance revenues represent performance fees that are (i) expected to be received from our investment funds, vehicles and accounts on a more recurring basis, and (ii) not dependent on a realization event involving investments held by the investment fund, vehicle or account. 
 Fee related performance revenues were higher for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period primarily due to a performance fee being earned from our infrastructure K-Series vehicles in our Real Assets business line in the current period. 
 Fee Related Compensation 
 The decrease in fee related compensation for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a lower percentage of fee related revenues recorded as compensation in the current period as compared to the prior period partially offset by a higher level of compensation recorded in connection with the higher level of fee related revenues. Effective as of the first quarter of 2024, KKR reduced the compensation range on fee related revenues to a 15 to 20 range. 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 The increase in other operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of professional fees, corporate travel, information technology, and occupancy related costs compared to the prior period. 
 Fee Related Earnings 
 The increase in fee related earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to (i) a higher level of transaction fees earned in our Capital Markets business line and (ii) higher level of management fees across our Private Equity, Real Assets, and Credit and Liquid Strategies business lines partially offset by a higher level of other operating expenses, as described above. 
 Realized Performance Income 
 The following table presents realized performance income by business line: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Realized Performance Income Private Equity 876,866 607,991 268,875 Real Assets 218,320 38,174 180,146 Credit and Liquid Strategies 50,588 7,833 42,755 Total Realized Performance Income 1,145,774 653,998 491,776 
 168 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Private Equity Americas Fund XII 398,493 357,618 40,875 Asian Fund III 226,400 41,441 184,959 Private Equity K-Series 87,077 87,077 Core Investment Vehicles 65,846 103,659 (37,813) European Fund V 32,864 32,864 Strategic Holdings Segment 15,475 15,475 North America Fund XI 10,948 23,486 (12,538) Next Generation Technology Growth Fund 6,954 21,988 (15,034) 2006 Fund 961 4,271 (3,310) Global Impact Fund 20,257 (20,257) European Fund IV 7,353 (7,353) Other 31,848 27,918 3,930 Total Realized Performance Income 876,866 607,991 268,875 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Real Assets Global Infrastructure Investors III 201,536 201,536 Real Estate Partners Americas II 10,308 22,983 (12,675) Global Infrastructure Investors II 13,917 (13,917) Other 6,476 1,274 5,202 Total Realized Performance Income 218,320 38,174 180,146 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Credit and Liquid Strategies Alternative Credit Funds 15,512 15,512 Other 35,076 7,833 27,243 Total Realized Performance Income 50,588 7,833 42,755 
 Realized performance income includes (i) realized carried interest from our carry earning funds and (ii) incentive fees not included in Fee Related Performance Revenues. 
 Realized performance income in our Private Equity business line for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of (i) realized proceeds from the sale of our investment in AppLovin Corporation held by Americas Fund XII and Kokusai Electric Corporation held by Asian Fund III and (ii) performance income from our core investment vehicles and our private equity K-Series vehicles. 
 Realized performance income in our Private Equity business line for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted primarily of (i) realized proceeds from the sale of our investments in AppLovin Corporation and RBmedia, which were both held by Americas Fund XII, Kokusai Electric Corporation held by Asian Fund III, and (ii) performance income from our core investment vehicles. 
 Realized performance income in our Real Assets business line for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of realized proceeds from the sale of our investment in FiberCop S.p.A. and ADNOC Oil Pipelines (infrastructure: midstream sector), both held by Global Infrastructure Investors III. 
 169 

Table of Contents 

 Realized performance income in our Real Assets business line for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted primarily of realized proceeds from dividends received and sales of various investments held by Real Estate Partners Americas II. 
 Realized performance income in our Credit Liquid Strategies business line for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of performance fees earned from our subadvisory agreement with a UK investment fund manager, Marshall Wace, and certain leveraged credit investment funds. 
 Realized performance income in our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted primarily of performance fees earned from our subadvisory agreement with a UK investment fund manager. 
 Realized Performance Income Compensation 
 The increase in realized performance income compensation for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to (i) a higher level of compensation recorded in connection with the higher level of realized performance income and (ii) a higher percentage of realized performance income recorded as compensation in the current period as compared to the prior period. Effective as of the first quarter of 2024, KKR increased the compensation range on realized performance income to a 70 to 80 range. 
 Realized Investment Income 
 The following table presents realized investment income from our Principal Activities business line: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Realized Investment Income Net Realized Gains (Losses) 149,715 236,211 (86,496) Interest Income and Dividends, Net 275,130 293,372 (18,242) Total Realized Investment Income 424,845 529,583 (104,738) 
 The decrease in realized investment income is primarily due to a lower level of net realized gains and interest income and dividends, net. The amount of realized investment income depends on the transaction activity of our funds and Asset Management segment balance sheet, which can vary from period to period. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net realized gains were comprised of realized gains primarily from the sale of our investments in AppLovin Corporation, Kokusai Electric Corporation, BridgeBio Inc. and Darktrace Limited (LSE: DARK). Partially offsetting these realized gains were realized losses, the most significant of which were (i) realized losses from the sales of various revolving credit facilities, (ii) a realized loss on our infrastructure investment, Indus Towers Limited (NSE: INDUSTOW), and (iii) a realized loss on our private equity investment, Acteon Group Ltd. (energy sector). 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net realized gains were comprised of realized gains primarily from the sale of our investments in AppLovin Corporation, Pembina Gas Infrastructure Inc. (infrastructure: midstream sector), KnowBe4, Inc., and Flutter Entertainment PLC. Partially offsetting these realized gains were realized losses, the most significant of which were (i) a realized loss on our private equity investment, Envision Healthcare Corporation, (ii) realized losses from the sales of various revolving credit facilities, and (iii) realized losses on our alternative credit investments, Hilding Anders International AB and Chembulk Group. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest income and dividends, net were comprised of (i) interest income primarily from our investments in CLOs, and (ii) dividend income primarily from our investments in Crescent and KREST. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, interest income and dividends, net were comprised of (i) interest income primarily from our investments in CLOs, and (ii) dividend income primarily from our Americas real estate credit and equity investments, our investment in Diversified Core Infrastructure Fund and Resolution Life Holdings L.P. (financial services sector). 
 170 

Table of Contents 

 Realized investment income includes the net income (loss) from KKR Capstone. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total fees attributable to KKR Capstone were 69.2 million and total expenses attributable to KKR Capstone were 57.8 million. For KKR Capstone-related adjustments in reconciling asset management segment revenues to GAAP revenues see " Non-GAAP Balance Sheet Measures Reconciliations to GAAP Measures." 
 As of the date of this filing, we have transactions that are pending or that have closed after September 30, 2024, representing approximately 500 million of realized performance income and realized investment income, which are expected to be realized in the fourth quarter of 2024. Approximately 60 of the realizations are driven by revenues that correspond to a 10-20 compensation rate, including Marshall Wace s annual incentive fee crystallization. Some of these transactions are not complete, and are subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions, including regulatory approvals; therefore, there can be no assurance if or when such transactions will be completed. In addition, we may realize gains or losses based on transactions or other events that occur after the date of filing this report, which could impact, positively or negatively, the total amount of our realized performance income and realized investment income. Therefore, no assurance can be given for what our actual realized performance income and realized investment income in the fourth quarter 2024 or future quarters will be. 
 Realized Investment Income Compensation 
 The decrease in realized investment income compensation for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period is primarily due to a lower level of compensation recorded in connection with the lower level of realized investment income. The compensation range on realized investment income did not change from the prior year and remains at its current range of 10 to 20 . 
 Operating and Capital Metrics 
 The following tables present our key Asset Management segment operating and capital metrics: 
 As of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change in millions) Assets Under Management 624,396 552,801 71,595 Fee Paying Assets Under Management 505,703 446,408 59,295 Uncalled Commitments 107,592 98,557 9,035 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in millions) Capital Invested 60,931 28,401 32,530 
 Assets Under Management 
 Private Equity 
 The following table reflects the changes in the AUM of our Private Equity business line from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) December 31, 2023 176,377 New Capital Raised 8,151 Distributions and Other (9,137) Redemptions (8) Change in Value 14,767 September 30, 2024 190,150 
 AUM of our Private Equity business line was 190.2 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 13.8 billion, compared to 176.4 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 171 

Table of Contents 

 The increase was primarily attributable to (i) appreciation in investment value from Americas Fund XII, our core private equity strategy, and Asian Fund IV, and, to a lesser extent, (ii) new capital raised from our private equity K-Series vehicles and Ascendant Fund. Partially offsetting the increase were distributions to fund investors primarily as a result of realized proceeds, most notably from Americas Fund XII, Asian Fund III, and our core private equity strategy. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the value of our traditional private equity investment portfolio increased by 14 . This was comprised of a 31 increase in share prices of publicly held investments and a 10 increase in value of our privately held investments. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the value of our growth equity investment portfolio increased by 10 and our core private equity investment portfolio increased by 8 . 
 The most significant increases in share prices of our publicly held investments were increases in AppLovin Corporation, OneStream, Inc., and HD Hyundai Marine Solution Co. Ltd. These increases were partially offset by decreases in share prices of other publicly held investments, the most significant of which were BrightSpring Health Services Inc. and PHC Holdings Corporation (TYO: 6523). The prices of publicly held companies may experience volatile changes following the reporting period. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information about the factors, such as volatility, that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations. 
 The most significant increases in the value of our privately held investments were increases in Seiyu Group (consumer products sector), USI, Inc., and Cloudera, Inc. (technology sector). These increases in value of our privately held investments were partially offset by decreases in the value of certain other privately held investments, the most significant of which were Accell Group N.V., PetVet Care Centers, LLC, and A-Gas Limited (services sector). The increased valuations of our privately held investments, in the aggregate, generally related to (i) individual company performance and (ii) an increase in the value of market comparables. The decreased valuations of our privately held investments, in the aggregate, generally related to an unfavorable business outlook. 
 Real Assets 
 The following table reflects the changes in the AUM of our Real Assets business line from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) December 31, 2023 130,933 New Capital Raised 34,344 Distributions and Other (6,944) Redemptions (257) Change in Value 4,733 September 30, 2024 162,809 
 AUM of our Real Assets business line was 162.8 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 31.9 billion, compared to 130.9 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised from Global Atlantic, Global Infrastructure Investors V, and our infrastructure K-Series vehicles and, to a lesser extent, (ii) appreciation in investment value from Global Infrastructure Investors IV. Partially offsetting the increase were (i) payments to Global Atlantic policyholders and (ii) distributions to fund investors as a result of realized proceeds, most notably from Global Infrastructure Investors III and Asia Pacific Infrastructure Investors. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the value of our infrastructure investment portfolio increased 13 and the value of our opportunistic real estate equity investment portfolio increased by 4 . 
 The most significant increases in value across our Real Assets portfolio were increases in CyrusOne Inc., Atlantic Aviation FBO Inc., and Metronet Holdings, LLC (infrastructure: telecommunications infrastructure sector). These increases in value across our real assets portfolio were partially offset by decreases in the value across our real assets portfolio, the most significant of which was Ritchies Transport Limited (infrastructure: transportation sector) and Namsan Square. The increased valuations across our real assets portfolio, in the aggregate, generally related to individual company or asset performance. The decreased valuations of across our real assets portfolio, in the aggregate, generally related to an unfavorable business outlook. 
 172 

Table of Contents 

 Credit and Liquid Strategies 
 The following table reflects the changes in the AUM of our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) December 31, 2023 245,491 New Capital Raised 44,436 Distributions and Other (18,660) Redemptions (6,044) Change in Value 6,214 September 30, 2024 271,437 
 AUM of our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line totaled 271.4 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 25.9 billion compared to AUM of 245.5 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised from Global Atlantic and various private credit investment funds, (ii) the issuance of CLOs, and, to a lesser extent, (iii) investment value appreciation on assets managed by Marshall Wace and across our leveraged credit and private credit investment funds. Partially offsetting the increase were (i) payments to Global Atlantic policyholders, (ii) investor redemptions at Marshall Wace, and (iii) distributions to, and redemptions from, fund investors at certain leveraged credit and private credit funds. 
 See also " Business Environment" for more information about the factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations. 
 Fee Paying Assets Under Management 
 Private Equity 
 The following table reflects the changes in the FPAUM of our Private Equity business line from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) December 31, 2023 107,726 New Capital Raised 14,596 Distributions and Other (3,547) Redemptions (8) Change in Value 835 September 30, 2024 119,602 
 FPAUM of our Private Equity business line was 119.6 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 11.9 billion, compared to 107.7 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised from private equity K-Series vehicles and Ascendant Fund and (ii) assets we manage and earn a fee on from our Strategic Holdings segment beginning with the first quarter of 2024. Partially offsetting the increase was distributions to fund investors primarily as a result of realized proceeds, most notably from Asian Fund III, North America Fund XI, and Americas Fund XII. 
 173 

Table of Contents 

 Real Assets 
 The following table reflects the changes in the FPAUM of our Real Assets business line from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) December 31, 2023 112,254 New Capital Raised 32,696 Distributions and Other (5,829) Redemptions (257) Net Changes in Fee Base of Certain Funds (2,806) Change in Value 746 September 30, 2024 136,804 
 FPAUM of our Real Assets business line was 136.8 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 24.5 billion, compared to 112.3 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised from Global Atlantic, Global Infrastructure Investors V, and our infrastructure K-Series vehicles. Partially offsetting the increase were (i) payments to Global Atlantic policyholders (ii) a change in fee base for Global Infrastructure Investors IV as a result of entering its post-investment period, during which we earn fees on invested capital rather than committed capital, and (iii) distributions to fund investors primarily as a result of realized proceeds, primarily from Global Infrastructure Investors III. 
 Credit and Liquid Strategies 
 The following table reflects the changes in the FPAUM of our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) December 31, 2023 226,428 New Capital Raised 42,531 Distributions and Other (18,974) Redemptions (6,044) Change in Value 5,356 September 30, 2024 249,297 
 FPAUM of our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line was 249.3 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 22.9 billion compared to 226.4 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 The increase was primarily attributable to (i) new capital raised from Global Atlantic and various private credit investment funds, (ii) the issuance of CLOs, and, to a lesser extent, (iii) investment value appreciation on assets managed by Marshall Wace and across our leveraged credit and private credit investment funds. Partially offsetting the increase were (i) payments to Global Atlantic policyholders, (ii) investor redemptions at Marshall Wace, and (iii) distributions to, and redemptions from, fund investors at certain leveraged credit and private credit investment funds. 
 See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information about the factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations. 
 Uncalled Commitments 
 Private Equity 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Private Equity business line had 52.3 billion of remaining uncalled commitments that could be called for investments in new transactions as compared to 57.4 billion as of December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to capital called from fund investors to make investments during the period, which was partially offset by new capital commitments from fund investors. 
 174 

Table of Contents 

 Real Assets 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Real Assets business line had 35.6 billion of remaining uncalled commitments that could be called for investments in new transactions as compared to 24.7 billion as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to new capital commitments from fund investors, partially offset by capital called from fund investors to make investments during the period. 
 Credit and Liquid Strategies 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line had 19.7 billion of remaining uncalled commitments that could be called for investments in new transactions as compared to 16.5 billion as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to new capital commitments from fund investors, which was partially offset by capital called from fund investors to make investments during the period. 
 Capital Invested 
 Private Equity 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 9.8 billion of capital was invested by our Private Equity business line, as compared to 7.7 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven primarily by a 4.3 billion increase in capital invested in our traditional private equity strategy and a 1.0 billion increase in capital invested in our growth equity strategy, partially offset by a 3.0 billion decrease in capital invested in our core private equity strategy. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 67 of capital deployed in private equity was in transactions in North America, 18 was in Europe and 15 was in the Asia-Pacific region. The number of large private equity investments made in any quarterly or year-to-date period is volatile and, consequently, a significant amount of capital invested in one period or a few periods may not be indicative of a similar level of capital deployment in future periods. 
 Real Assets 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 21.5 billion of capital was invested by our Real Assets business line, as compared to 12.1 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven primarily by a 7.0 billion increase in capital invested in our real estate strategy and a 2.4 billion increase in capital invested in our infrastructure strategy. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 55 of capital deployed in real assets was in transactions in North America, 30 was in Europe, and 15 was in the Asia-Pacific region. The number of large real assets investments made in any quarterly or year-to-date period is volatile and, consequently, a significant amount of capital invested in one period or a few periods may not be indicative of a similar level of capital deployment in future periods. 
 Credit and Liquid Strategies 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 29.6 billion of capital was invested by our Credit and Liquid Strategies business line, as compared to 8.6 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven primarily by a higher level of capital deployed across our various private credit strategies, most notably asset-based finance and direct lending. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 89 of capital deployed was in transactions in North America, 9 was in Europe, and 2 was in the Asia-Pacific region. 
 175 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Insurance Segment Operating Results 
 The following table sets forth information regarding KKR's insurance segment operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Net Investment Income 4,660,765 3,911,456 749,309 Net Cost of Insurance (3,240,834) (2,382,303) (858,531) General, Administrative and Other (655,358) (604,700) (50,658) Pre-tax Operating Earnings 764,573 924,453 (159,880) Pre-tax Operating Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests (339,090) 339,090 Insurance Operating Earnings (1) 
 764,573 585,363 179,210 
 (1) Please see "Part II Item 5 Other Information" for information regarding the difference between the insurance segment operating earnings presented in this report to the amounts previously reported in our earnings release issued on October 24, 2024. 
 Net Investment Income 
 Net investment income increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) increased average assets under management due to growth in assets in the institutional market channel as a result of recent reinsurance transactions and individual market channel sales from new business growth, and (ii) increases in portfolio yields due to portfolio optimization and asset rotation. 
 Net Cost of Insurance 
 Net cost of insurance increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) growth in reserves in the institutional market channel as a result of recent reinsurance transactions and in the individual market channel as a result of new business volumes, and (ii) higher average funding costs due to higher crediting rates and the routine run-off of older business originated in a lower interest rate environment. 
 General, Administrative and Other Expenses 
 General, administrative and other expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in interest expense due to a net increase in total debt outstanding. 
 Insurance Operating Earnings 
 Insurance operating earnings increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the acquisition of the remaining minority interests of Global Atlantic not already held by KKR on January 2, 2024. 
 176 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Strategic Holdings Segment Operating Results 
 The following table sets forth information regarding KKR's strategic holdings segment operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Dividends, Net 68,400 68,400 Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings 68,400 68,400 Net Realized Investment Income 87,693 87,693 Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings 156,093 156,093 
 Dividends, Net 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, dividends, net were comprised of dividend income from 1-800 Contacts Inc., Exact Holdings B.V., Viridor Limited, FiberCop S.p.A., Arnott's Biscuits Limited and Atlantic Aviation FBO Inc. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, there were no dividends earned. Dividends earned in our Strategic Holdings segment are reduced by a management fee charged by our Asset Management segment. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the management fee was 23.9 million. 
 Net Realized Investment Income 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 net realized investment income was comprised of a realized gain from the sale of FiberCop S.p.A. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, there was no net realized investment income earned in our Strategic Holdings segment. Realized investment income earned in our Strategic Holdings segment is reduced by a contractual performance fee charged by our Asset Management segment. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the performance fee was 15.5 million. 
 Strategic Holdings Segment Earnings 
 Strategic Holdings segment earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by net realized investment income from the sale of FiberCop S.p.A and the distribution of dividends by companies owned by the firm through our participation in the core private equity strategy. 
 177 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Non-GAAP Performance Measures 
 The following is a discussion of our Non-GAAP performance measures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in thousands) Fee Related Earnings 2,424,811 1,708,412 716,399 Insurance Operating Earnings (1) 
 764,573 585,363 179,210 Strategic Holdings Operating Earnings 68,400 68,400 Total Operating Earnings 3,257,784 2,293,775 964,009 Net Realized Performance Income 302,763 229,088 73,675 Net Realized Investment Income 448,813 448,007 806 Total Investing Earnings 751,576 677,095 74,481 Total Segment Earnings 4,009,360 2,970,870 1,038,490 Interest Expense, Net and Other (242,783) (270,020) 27,237 Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings (749,460) (549,239) (200,221) Adjusted Net Income 3,017,117 2,151,611 865,506 
 (1) Please see "Part II Item 5 Other Information" for information regarding the difference between the insurance segment operating earnings presented in this report to the amounts previously reported in our earnings release issued on October 24, 2024. 
 
 Total Operating Earnings 
 The increase in total operating earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of fee related earnings, insurance operating earnings, and strategic holdings operating earnings. The higher level of insurance operating earnings was primarily due to the acquisition of the remaining minority interests of Global Atlantic not already held by KKR on January 2, 2024. For a discussion of fee related earnings, insurance operating earnings, and strategic holdings operating earnings, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results", " Analysis of Insurance Segment Operating Results", and " Analysis of Strategic Holdings Segment Operating Results." 
 Total Investing Earnings 
 The increase in total investing earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of net realized performance income. For a discussion of net realized performance income and net realized investment income, see " Analysis of Asset Management Segment Operating Results" and " Analysis of Strategic Holdings Segment Operating Results." 
 Total Segment Earnings 
 The increase in total segment earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to an increase in total operating earnings and, to a lesser extent, total investing earnings. 
 Adjusted Net Income 
 The increase in adjusted net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of total segment earnings, partially offset by an increase in income taxes on adjusted earnings. 
 178 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings 
 The increase in income taxes on adjusted earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period was primarily due to a higher level of total segment earnings. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amount of the tax benefit from equity-based compensation included in income taxes on adjusted earnings was 90.9 million and 36.4 million, respectively. The inclusion of the tax benefit from equity-based compensation in Adjusted Net Income had the effect of increasing this measure by 3 and 2 , respectively, for nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Segment Balance Sheet Measures 
 Asset Management Investment Portfolio 
 
 Beginning with the first quarter of 2024, we are reporting our investments from our core private equity strategy in our Strategic Holdings segment, and our investments from the investment strategies that we manage that are reported in the Asset Management segment excludes core private equity. To the extent our investments are realized at values above or below their cost in future periods, adjusted net income would be positively or negatively affected by the amount of any such gain or loss, respectively, during the period in which the realization event occurs. 
 Our investments in the Asset Management segment by asset class as of September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 As of September 30, 2024 in thousands) Asset Management Segment Investments (1) 
 Cost Fair Value Fair Value as a Percentage of Total Asset Management Investments Traditional Private Equity 1,647,672 3,578,105 32.1 Growth Equity 370,240 1,169,486 10.5 Private Equity Total 2,017,912 4,747,591 42.6 Real Estate 1,512,068 1,426,743 12.8 Infrastructure 453,213 775,623 7.0 Energy 636,447 678,053 6.1 Real Assets Total 2,601,728 2,880,419 25.9 Leveraged Credit 1,488,286 1,482,329 13.3 Alternative Credit 702,178 844,942 7.6 Credit Total 2,190,464 2,327,271 20.9 Other 1,357,008 1,194,124 10.6 Total Asset Management Segment Investments 8,167,112 11,149,405 100.0 
 (1) Investments is a term used solely for purposes of financial presentation of a portion of KKR's balance sheet and includes majority ownership of subsidiaries that operate KKR's asset management and insurance businesses, including the general partner interests of KKR's investment funds. Investments presented are principally the assets measured at fair value that are held by KKR's asset management segment, which, among other things, does not include the underlying investments held by Global Atlantic and Marshall Wace. This table excludes investments in our Strategic Holdings and Insurance segments, about which additional information is available at Footnote 21 "Segment Reporting" in our financial statements. 
 179 

Table of Contents 

 Global Atlantic's Investment Portfolio 
 As of September 30, 2024, 95 and 88 of Global Atlantic's available-for-sale ("AFS") fixed maturity securities were considered investment grade under ratings from the Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC and NRSROs, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, 96 and 88 of Global Atlantic's AFS fixed maturity securities were considered investment grade under ratings from NAIC and NRSROs, respectively. Securities where a rating by an NRSRO was not available are considered investment grade if they have an NAIC designation of 1 or 2. The three largest asset categories in Global Atlantic's AFS fixed-maturity security portfolio as of September 30, 2024 were Corporate securities, residential mortgage-backed securities ("RMBS") and commercial mortgage-backed securities ("CMBS"), comprising 25 , 6 and 5 of Global Atlantic's investment portfolio, respectively. Within these categories, 93 , 98 and 95 of Global Atlantic's Corporate, RMBS and CMBS securities, respectively, were investment grade according to NAIC ratings and 93 , 75 and 58 of its Corporate, RMBS and CMBS securities, respectively, were investment grade according to NRSRO ratings as of September 30, 2024. The three largest asset categories in Global Atlantic's AFS fixed-maturity security portfolio as of December 31, 2023 were Corporate, RMBS and CMBS securities, comprising 28 , 6 and 5 of Global Atlantic's investment portfolio, respectively. Within these categories, 95 , 96 and 93 of Global Atlantic's Corporate, RMBS and CMBS securities, respectively, were investment grade according to NAIC ratings and 95 , 61 and 56 of its Corporate, RMBS and CMBS securities, respectively, were investment grade according to NRSRO ratings as of December 31, 2023. NRSRO and NAIC ratings have different methodologies. Global Atlantic believes the NAIC ratings methodology, which considers the likelihood of recovery of amortized cost as opposed to the recovery of all contractual payments including the principal at par, as the more appropriate way to view the ratings quality of its AFS fixed maturity portfolio since a large portion of its holdings were purchased at a significant discount to par value. The portion of Global Atlantic's investment portfolio consisting of floating rate assets was 25 and 27 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Within the funds withheld receivable at interest portfolio, 96 and 97 of the fixed maturity securities were investment grade by NAIC designation as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Trading fixed maturity securities back funds withheld payable at interest where the investment performance is ceded to reinsurers under the terms of the respective reinsurance agreements. 
 Credit quality of AFS fixed maturity securities 
 The Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC evaluates the AFS fixed maturity security investments of insurers for regulatory reporting and capital assessment purposes and assigns securities to one of six credit quality categories called NAIC designations. Using an internally developed rating is permitted by the NAIC if no rating is available. These designations are generally similar to the credit quality designations of NRSROs for marketable fixed maturity securities, except for certain structured securities as described below. NAIC designations of 1, highest quality, and 2, high quality, include fixed maturity securities generally considered investment grade by NRSROs. NAIC designations 3 through 6 include fixed maturity securities generally considered below investment grade by NRSROs. 
 Consistent with the NAIC Process and Procedures Manual, an NRSRO rating was assigned based on the following criteria: (i) the equivalent S P rating where the security is rated by one NRSRO; (ii) the equivalent S P rating of the lowest NRSRO when the security is rated by two NRSROs; and (iii) the equivalent S P rating of the second lowest NRSRO if the security is rated by three or more NRSROs. If the lowest two NRSROs ratings are equal, then such rating will be the assigned rating. NRSROs ratings available for the periods presented were S P, Fitch, Moody s, DBRS, Inc. and Kroll Bond Rating Agency, Inc. If no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used. 
 Substantially all of the AFS fixed maturity securities portfolio, 95 and 96 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, was invested in investment grade assets with a NAIC rating of 1 or 2. 
 The portion of the AFS fixed maturity securities portfolio that was considered below investment grade by NAIC designation was 5 and 4 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Pursuant to Global Atlantic's investment guidelines, Global Atlantic actively monitors the percentage of its portfolio that is held in investments rated NAIC 3 or lower and must obtain an additional approval from Global Atlantic's management investment committee before making a significant investment in an asset rated NAIC 3 or lower. 
 180 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate fixed maturity securities 
 Global Atlantic maintains a diversified portfolio of corporate fixed maturity securities across industries and issuers. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 55 and 58 of the AFS fixed maturity securities portfolio was invested in corporate fixed maturity securities, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately 5 and 6 of the portfolio is denominated in foreign currency, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 93 and 95 of the total fair value of corporate fixed maturity securities is rated NAIC investment grade, respectively, and 93 and 95 is rated NRSROs investment grade, respectively. 
 Residential mortgage-backed securities 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 14 and 11 of the AFS fixed maturity securities portfolio was invested in RMBS, respectively. RMBS are securities constructed from pools of residential mortgages and backed by payments from those pools. Excluding limitations on access to lending and other extraordinary economic conditions, Global Atlantic would expect prepayments of principal on the underlying loans to accelerate with decreases in market interest rates and diminish with increases in market interest rates. 
 The NAIC designations for RMBS, including prime, sub-prime, alt-A, and adjustable rate mortgages with variable payment options ("Option ARM"), are based upon a comparison of the bond s amortized cost to the NAIC s loss expectation for each security. Accordingly, an investment in the same security at a lower cost may result in a higher quality NAIC designation in recognition of the lower likelihood the investment would result in a realized loss. Prime residential mortgage lending includes loans to the most creditworthy borrowers with high quality credit profiles. Alt-A is a classification of mortgage loans where the risk profile of the borrower is between prime and sub-prime, which also includes certain non-qualified mortgages. Sub-prime mortgage lending is the practice of originating residential mortgage loans to borrowers with weaker credit profiles. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 90 and 89 of RMBS securities that are below investment grade as rated by the NRSRO, carry an NAIC 1 ("highest quality") designation, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, Alt-A, Agency, Option ARM, Sub-prime and Re-Performing represent 43 , 22 , 15 , 7 and 6 of the total RMBS portfolio 10.8 billion), respectively. As of December 31, 2023, Alt-A, Option ARM, Re-Performing and Sub-prime represent 45 , 21 , 10 and 10 of the total RMBS portfolio 7.9 billion), respectively. 
 Unrealized gains and losses for AFS fixed maturity securities 
 Global Atlantic's investments in AFS fixed maturity securities are reported at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income as unrealized gains or losses, net of taxes and offsets. Unrealized gains and losses can be created by changes in interest rates or by changes in credit spreads. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Global Atlantic had gross unrealized losses on below investment grade AFS fixed maturity securities of 591.9 million and 750.3 million based on NRSRO rating and 200.9 million and 267.2 million based on NAIC ratings, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, unrealized losses were not recognized in net income on these debt securities since Global Atlantic neither intends to sell the securities nor does it believe that it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their cost or amortized cost basis. 
 Credit quality of mortgage and other loan receivables 
 Mortgage and other loan receivables consist of commercial and residential mortgage loans, consumer loans and other loan receivables. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 30 and 28 of Global Atlantic's total investments consisted of mortgage and other loan receivables, respectively. 
 Global Atlantic invests in U.S. mortgage loans, comprised of first lien and mezzanine commercial mortgage loans and first lien residential mortgage loans. For Global Atlantic s commercial mortgage loan portfolio, the most prevalent property type is multi-family residential buildings, which represents approximately half of the portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and over half of the portfolio as of December 31, 2023. Office and retail properties represent approximately 19 and 23 of the portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 181 

Table of Contents 

 Global Atlantic's commercial mortgage loans are assigned NAIC designations, with designations CM1 and CM2 considered to be investment grade. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 92 and 89 of the commercial mortgage loan portfolio were rated investment grade based on NAIC designation, respectively. The payment status of over 99 and over 98 of the commercial mortgage loan portfolio is current as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The loan-to-value ratio is expressed as a percentage of the current amount of the loan relative to the value of the underlying collateral. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately 88 of the commercial mortgage loans have a loan-to-value ratio of 70 or less and 2 have loan-to-value ratio over 90 . 
 Changing economic conditions and updated assumptions affect Global Atlantic s assessment of the collectibility of commercial mortgage loans. Changing vacancies and rents are incorporated into the analysis that Global Atlantic performs to measure the allowance for credit losses. In addition, Global Atlantic continuously monitors its commercial mortgage loan portfolio to identify risk. Areas of emphasis are properties that have exposure to specific geographic events or have deteriorating credit. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the payment status of 97 of the residential mortgage loan portfolio is current, and approximately 229.8 million is 90 days or more past due or in process of foreclosure (representing 1 of the total residential mortgage portfolio). As of December 31, 2023, the payment status of 96 of the residential mortgage loan portfolio was current and approximately 231.2 million were 90 days or more past due or in process of foreclosure (representing 2 of the total residential mortgage portfolio). 
 The weighted average loan-to-value ratio for residential mortgage loans was 65 and 63 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Global Atlantic's residential mortgage loan portfolio primarily includes mortgage loans backed by single family rental properties, prime loans and re-performing loans that were purchased at a discount after they were modified and returned to performing status. Global Atlantic has also extended financing to counterparties in the form of repurchase agreements secured by mortgage loans, including performing and non-performing mortgage loans. 
 Global Atlantic s consumer loan portfolio is primarily comprised of home improvement loans, residential solar loans, student loans and auto loans. As of September 30, 2024, 98 of the consumer loan portfolio is in current status and approximately 25.7 million is 90 days or more past due or in process of foreclosure (representing 1 of the total consumer loan portfolio). 
 Additional Information 
 To provide supplemental information to stockholders about the net assets of KKR on a segment basis, KKR s book value was 30.1 billion as of September 30, 2024, which included cash and short-term investments of 5.1 billion. KKR's book value includes its net investment in Global Atlantic, investments in the Asset Management and Strategic Holdings segments, and the net impact of tax and other assets and liabilities. KKR's book value excludes the net assets allocable to investors in KKR s investment funds and other noncontrolling interest holders. 
 182 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliations to GAAP Measures 
 The following tables reconcile the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP to KKR's non-GAAP financial measures: 
 Revenues 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 in thousands) Total GAAP Revenues 4,791,696 3,315,481 18,620,344 10,069,481 Impact of Consolidation and Other 335,048 218,495 865,898 613,048 Asset Management Adjustments: Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) (GAAP) (1,163,424) (1,009,645) (3,164,491) (2,155,560) Realized Carried Interest 336,016 327,195 1,044,843 646,116 Realized Investment Income 151,546 216,727 424,845 529,583 Capstone Fees (29,141) (23,235) (69,218) (67,080) Expense Reimbursements (32,789) (15,982) (68,050) (48,366) Strategic Holdings Adjustments: Realized Investment Income and Dividends 118,162 195,400 Insurance Adjustments: Net Premiums (621,218) (220,212) (7,593,534) (1,320,265) Policy Fees (375,371) (314,016) (1,038,218) (943,200) Other Income (60,162) (42,341) (180,436) (119,357) (Gains) Losses from Investments (1) 
 687,170 (75,064) 1,254,170 379,213 Non-operating Changes in Policy Liabilities and Derivatives (446,817) 428,147 (393,825) 284,118 Total Segment Revenues (2) 
 3,690,716 2,805,550 9,897,728 7,867,731 
 (1) Includes (gains) losses on funds withheld receivables and payables embedded derivatives. 
 (2) Total Segment Revenues is comprised of (i) Management Fees, (ii) Transaction and Monitoring Fees, Net, (iii) Fee Related Performance Revenues, (iv) Realized Performance Income, (v) Realized Investment Income, (vi) Net Investment Income, and (vii) Dividends, Net. 
 183 

Table of Contents 

 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to KKR Co. Inc. Common Stockholders 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 in thousands) Net Income (Loss) - KKR Common Stockholders (GAAP) 600,550 1,472,878 1,950,690 2,640,085 Preferred Stock Dividends 17,248 51,747 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 834,118 891,854 1,571,064 1,075,894 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 209,896 437,210 696,066 910,912 Income (Loss) Before Tax (GAAP) 1,644,564 2,819,190 4,217,820 4,678,638 Impact of Consolidation and Other (830,426) (889,615) (1,173,720) (1,053,470) Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings (294,850) (204,640) (749,460) (549,239) Asset Management Adjustments: Unrealized (Gains) Losses 89,805 (445,477) (385,448) (561,064) Unrealized Carried Interest (850,638) (616,963) (1,987,597) (1,255,117) Unrealized Carried Interest Compensation 644,881 310,917 1,555,336 590,108 Transaction-related and Non-operating Items 90,716 8,038 153,699 22,037 Equity-based Compensation 66,549 46,782 206,861 151,060 Equity-based Compensation - Performance based 83,026 72,821 246,644 203,748 Strategic Holdings Adjustments: Unrealized (Gains) Losses (226,319) (265,092) (644,285) (508,489) Insurance Adjustments: (1) 
 (Gains) Losses from Investments (1)(2) 
 692,422 (33,337) 1,251,953 223,260 Non-operating Changes in Policy Liabilities and Derivatives (1) 
 12,589 (42,364) 192,917 121,590 Transaction-related and Non-operating Items (1) 
 19,679 19,679 3,199 Equity-based and Other Compensation (1) 
 35,093 16,678 99,482 76,969 Amortization of Acquired Intangibles (1) 
 4,412 2,793 13,236 8,381 Adjusted Net Income 1,181,503 779,731 3,017,117 2,151,611 Interest Expense, Net 80,709 74,960 230,617 252,557 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 7,392 5,719 12,166 17,463 Income Taxes on Adjusted Earnings 294,850 204,640 749,460 549,239 Total Segment Earnings 1,564,454 1,065,050 4,009,360 2,970,870 Net Realized Performance Income (101,926) (115,450) (302,763) (229,088) Net Realized Investment Income (216,507) (182,048) (448,813) (448,007) Total Operating Earnings 1,246,021 767,552 3,257,784 2,293,775 Total Investing Earnings 318,433 297,498 751,576 677,095 Depreciation and Amortization 13,013 12,885 38,065 34,370 Adjusted EBITDA 1,577,467 1,077,935 4,047,425 3,005,240 
 (1) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, amounts represent the portion allocable to KKR Co. Inc. 
 (2) Includes (gains) losses on funds withheld receivables and payables embedded derivatives. 
 
 184 

Table of Contents 

 KKR Co. Inc. Stockholders' Equity - Common Stock 
 As of September 30, 2024 in thousands) KKR Co. Inc. Stockholders' Equity - Common Stock (GAAP) 24,083,685 Impact of Consolidation and Other (1) 
 612,232 Exchangeable Securities 316,611 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) and Other (Insurance) 5,057,876 KKR Book Value 30,070,404 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings 
 As of September 30, 2024 in thousands) Cash and Cash Equivalents - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings (GAAP) 8,602,477 Impact of Consolidation and Other (1) 
 (3,979,961) Short-term Investments 514,616 Cash and Short-term Investments 5,137,132 
 Investments - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings 
 As of September 30, 2024 in thousands) Investments - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings (GAAP) 104,301,594 Impact of Consolidation and Other (1) 
 (92,637,573) Short-term Investments (514,616) Investments - Asset Management Segment 11,149,405 

The following table provides a reconciliation of KKR's Weighted Average GAAP Shares of Common Stock Outstanding - Basic to Weighted Average Adjusted Shares: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Weighted Average GAAP Shares of Common Stock Outstanding - Basic 887,444,991 886,618,138 Adjustments: Weighted Average Exchangeable Securities 7,000,723 6,584,764 Weighted Average Adjusted Shares (2) 
 894,445,714 893,202,902 
 (1) The purpose of this adjustment is to present these non-GAAP measures without giving effect to the consolidation of the investment vehicles and collateralized financing entities that KKR manages. We believe that providing these non-GAAP measures on a supplemental basis to our GAAP results is helpful to stockholders in assessing the overall financial condition of KKR. 
 (2) Amounts exclude unvested equity awards granted under our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 

185 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity 
 We manage our liquidity and capital requirements by (a) focusing on our cash flows before the consolidation of our funds and CFEs and the effect of changes in short term assets and liabilities, which we anticipate will be settled for cash within one year, and (b) seeking to maintain access to sufficient liquidity through various sources. The overall liquidity framework and cash management approach of our insurance business are also based on seeking to build an investment portfolio that is cash flow matched, providing cash inflows from insurance assets that meet our insurance companies' expected cash outflows to pay their liabilities. Our primary cash flow activities typically involve: (i) generating cash flow from operations; (ii) generating income from investment activities, by investing in investments that generate yield (namely interest and dividends), as well as through the sale of investments and other assets; (iii) funding capital commitments that we have made to, and advancing capital to, our funds and CLOs; (iv) developing and funding new investment strategies, investment products, and other growth initiatives, including acquisitions of other investments, assets, and businesses; (v) underwriting and funding capital commitments in our capital markets business; (vi) distributing cash flow to our stockholders and any holders of our preferred stock, if any; and (vii) paying borrowings, interest payments, and repayments under credit agreements, our senior and subordinated notes, and other borrowing arrangements. See " Liquidity," " Liquidity Needs" and " Dividends and Stock Repurchases." 
 See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information on factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Our primary sources of liquidity consist of amounts received from: (i) our operating activities, including the fees earned from our funds, portfolio companies, and capital markets transactions; (ii) realizations on carried interest from our investment funds; (iii) interest and dividends from investments that generate yield, including our investments in CLOs; (iv) in our insurance business, cash inflows in respect of new premiums, policyholder deposits, reinsurance transactions and funding agreements, including through memberships in FHLBs; (v) realizations on and sales of investments and other assets, including the transfers of investments or other assets for fund formations (including CLOs and other investment vehicles); and (vi) borrowings, including advances under our revolving credit facilities, debt offerings, repurchase agreements, and other borrowing arrangements. In addition, we may generate cash proceeds from issuances of our or our subsidiaries' equity securities. 
 Many of our investment funds like our private equity and real assets funds provide for carried interest. With respect to our carry-paying investment funds, carried interest is eligible to be distributed to the general partner of the fund only after all of the following are met: (i) a realization event has occurred (e.g., sale of a portfolio company, dividend, etc.); (ii) the vehicle has achieved positive overall investment returns since its inception, in excess of performance hurdles where applicable, and is accruing carried interest; and (iii) with respect to investments with a fair value below cost, cost has been returned to fund investors in an amount sufficient to reduce remaining cost to the investments' fair value. Even after all of the preceding conditions are met, the general partner of the fund may, in its sole discretion, decide to defer the distribution of carried interest to it to a later date. In addition, these funds generally include what is called a clawback provision, which provides that the general partner must return any carried interest that is paid in excess of what the general partner is entitled to receive at the end of the term of the fund, as discussed further below. 
 As of September 30, 2024, certain of our investment funds had met the first and second criteria, as described above, but did not meet the third criteria. In these cases, carried interest accrues on the consolidated statement of operations, but will not be distributed in cash to us as the general partner of an investment fund upon a realization event. For a fund that has a fair value above cost, overall, and is otherwise accruing carried interest, but has one or more investments where fair value is below cost, the shortfall between cost and fair value for such investments is referred to as a "netting hole." When netting holes are present, realized gains on individual investments that would otherwise allow the general partner to receive carried interest distributions are instead used to return invested capital to our funds' limited partners in an amount equal to the netting hole. Once netting holes have been filled with either (a) return of capital equal to the netting hole for those investments where fair value is below cost or (b) increases in the fair value of those investments where fair value is below cost, then realized carried interest will be distributed to the general partner upon a realization event. A fund that is in a position to pay cash carry refers to a fund for which carried interest is expected to be paid to the general partner upon the next material realization event, which includes funds with no netting holes as well as funds with a netting hole that is sufficiently small in size such that the next material realization event would be expected to result in the payment of carried interest. Strategic investor partnerships with fund investors may require netting across the various funds in which they invest, which may reduce the carried interest we otherwise would have earned if such fund investors were to have invested in our funds without the existence of the strategic investor partnership. 
 186 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024, netting holes in excess of 50 million existed at North America Fund XI and Health Care Strategic Growth Fund in the amounts of 100 million and 64 million, respectively. In accordance with the criteria set forth above, other funds currently have and may in the future develop netting holes, and netting holes for those and other funds may otherwise increase or decrease in the future. There are also investment funds that are not accruing carried interest and do not have a netting hole although they may be in a clawback position. If the investment fund has distributed carried interest, but subsequently does not have sufficient value to provide for the distribution of carried interest at the end of the life of the investment fund, the general partner is typically required to return previously distributed carried interest to the fund investors. Although our current and former employees who received distributions of carried interest subject to clawback are required to return them to KKR, it is KKR s obligation to return carried interest subject to clawback to the fund investors. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 569 million of carried interest was subject to this clawback obligation, assuming that all applicable carry-paying funds and their alternative investment vehicles were liquidated at their September 30, 2024 fair values. As of September 30, 2024, Asian Fund II is the only investment fund with a clawback obligation in excess of 50 million. See Note 24 "Commitments and Contingencies Contingent Repayment Guarantees" in our financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further information. See also the negative amounts included in the Carried Interest column in the table included in this Item 2 in Asset Management Private Equity for further information on clawback obligations. 
 We have access to funding under various credit facilities, other borrowing arrangements and other sources of liquidity that we have entered into with major financial institutions or which we receive from the capital markets. 
 For a discussion of our debt obligations, including our debt securities, revolving credit agreements and loans, see Note 16 "Debt Obligations" in our financial statements. 
 
 Liquidity Needs 
 We expect that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to meet various obligations, including, without limitation, to: 
 continue to support and grow our asset management business, including seeding new investment strategies, supporting capital commitments made by our vehicles to existing and future funds, co-investments and any net capital requirements of our capital markets companies and otherwise supporting the investment vehicles that we sponsor; 
 continue to support and grow our insurance business; 
 continue to support and grow our strategic holdings business; 
 grow and expand our businesses generally, including by acquiring or launching new, complementary or adjacent businesses; 
 warehouse investments in portfolio companies or other investments for the benefit of one or more of our funds, accounts or CLOs or other investment vehicles pending the contribution of committed capital by the fund investors in such vehicles, and advancing capital to them for operational or other needs, including funding loans at KKR's sole discretion; 
 service debt obligations including the payment of obligations at maturity, on interest payment dates or upon redemption, as well as any contingent liabilities, including from litigation, that may give rise to future cash payments, including funding requirements to levered investment vehicles or structured transactions; 
 fund cash operating expenses and contingencies, including for litigation matters and guarantees; 
 pay corporate income taxes and other taxes; 
 pay policyholders and amounts in our insurance business related to investment, reinvestment, reinsurance or funding agreement activity; 
 pay amounts that may become due under our tax receivable agreement; 
 pay cash dividends in accordance with our dividend policy for our common stock or the terms of our preferred stock, if any; 
 187 

Table of Contents 

 underwrite commitments, advance loan proceeds and fund syndication commitments within our capital markets business; 
 post or return collateral in respect of derivative contracts; 
 acquire other assets (including businesses, investments and other assets) for our businesses, some of which may be required to satisfy regulatory requirements for our capital markets business or risk retention requirements for CLOs (to the extent they may apply); 
 address capital needs of regulated subsidiaries as well as non-regulated subsidiaries; and 
 repurchase shares of our common stock or retire equity awards pursuant to the share repurchase program or repurchase or redeem other securities issued by us. 
 For a discussion of KKR's share repurchase program, see Note 22 "Equity" in our financial statements. 
 Capital Commitments 
 The agreements governing our active investment funds generally require the general partners of the funds to make minimum capital commitments to such funds, which generally range from 2 to 8 of a fund's total capital commitments at final closing, but may be greater for certain funds (i) where we are pursuing newer strategies, (ii) where third party investor demand is limited, and (iii) where a larger commitment is consistent with the asset allocation strategy in our Principal Activities business line, and in our Strategic Holdings segment. 
 188 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents our uncalled commitments to our active investment funds and other vehicles as of September 30, 2024: 
 Uncalled Commitments Private Equity in millions) Core Investment Vehicles 3,045 European Fund VI 125 Health Care Strategic Growth Fund II 79 Asian Fund IV 66 North America Fund XIII 46 Ascendant Fund 15 Next Generation Technology Growth Fund III 7 Other Private Equity Vehicles 874 Total Private Equity Commitments 4,257 Real Assets Global Infrastructure Investors V 600 Global Climate Fund 525 Real Estate Partners Americas IV 241 Asia Pacific Infrastructure Investors II 198 Asia Real Estate Partners 53 Real Estate Partners Europe II 40 Other Real Assets Vehicles 1,161 Total Real Assets Commitments 2,818 Credit and Liquid Strategies Asset-Based Finance Partners II 95 Asia Credit 93 Opportunities Fund II 72 Dislocation Opportunities Fund 53 Lending Partners IV 16 Lending Partners Europe II 16 Private Credit Opportunities Partners II 6 Other Credit and Liquid Strategies Vehicles 769 Total Credit and Liquid Strategies Commitments 1,120 Total Uncalled Commitments 8,195 
 Other Commitments 
 In addition to the uncalled commitments to our investment funds as shown above, KKR has entered into contractual commitments primarily with respect to underwriting transactions, debt financing, revolving credit facilities, and equity syndications in our Capital Markets business line. As of September 30, 2024, these commitments amounted to 0.2 billion. Whether these amounts are actually funded, in whole or in part, depends on the contractual terms of such commitments, including the satisfaction or waiver of any conditions to closing or funding. From time to time, we fund these various commitments noted above in our capital markets business by drawing all or substantially all of our availability for borrowings under our available credit facilities. We generally expect these borrowings by our capital markets business to be repaid promptly as these commitments are syndicated to third parties or otherwise fulfilled or terminated, although we may in some instances elect to retain a portion of the commitments for our own investment. These arrangements with third parties reduce our risk under certain circumstances when underwriting certain debt transactions. As a result, our unfunded commitments as of September 30, 2024 have been reduced to reflect the amount to be funded by such third parties. For more information about our Capital Markets business line's risks, see "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Our capital markets activities expose us to material risks" in our Annual Report. 
 189 

Table of Contents 

 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 On May 30, 2022, KKR terminated the tax receivable agreement with KKR Holdings other than with respect to exchanges of KKR Holdings Units completed prior to such date. As of September 30, 2024, an undiscounted payable of 381.1 million has been recorded in due to affiliates in the financial statements representing management's best estimate of the amounts currently expected to be owed for certain exchanges of KKR Holdings Units that took place prior to the termination of the tax receivable agreement. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 103.9 million of cumulative cash payments have been made under the tax receivable agreement since inception. 
 
 Dividends and Stock Repurchases 
 A dividend of 0.175 per share of our common stock has been declared and will be paid on November 19, 2024 to holders of record of our common stock as of the close of business on November 4, 2024. 
 When KKR Co. Inc. receives distributions from KKR Group Partnership, holders of exchangeable securities receive their pro rata share of such distributions from KKR Group Partnership. 
 The declaration and payment of dividends to our common stockholders will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, and our dividend policy may be changed at any time. We announced on February 6, 2024 that our current dividend policy will be to pay dividends to holders of our common stock in an annual aggregate amount of 0.70 per share (or a quarterly dividend of 0.175 per share) beginning with the dividend announced with the results of the quarter ended March 31, 2024. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors based on a number of factors, including KKR s future financial performance and other considerations that the Board of Directors deems relevant, and compliance with the terms of KKR Co. Inc.'s certificate of incorporation and applicable law. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, any dividends we pay (including dividends on our preferred stock) generally will be treated as qualified dividend income for U.S. individual stockholders to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance that future dividends will be made as intended or at all or that any particular dividend policy for our common stock will be maintained. Furthermore, the declaration and payment of distributions by KKR Group Partnership and our other subsidiaries may also be subject to legal, contractual and regulatory restrictions, including restrictions contained in our debt agreements. 
 Since 2015, KKR has repurchased, or retired equity awards representing, a total of 93.1 million shares of common stock for 2.6 billion, which equates to an average price of 28.32 per share. For further information, see "Part II Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds." 
 
 Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 
 In the ordinary course of business, we and our consolidated funds and CFEs enter into contractual arrangements that may require future cash payments. Contractual arrangements include (1) commitments to fund the purchase of investments or other assets (including obligations to fund capital commitments as the general partner of our investment funds) or to fund collateral for derivative transactions or otherwise, (2) obligations arising under our senior notes, subordinated notes, and other indebtedness, (3) commitments by our capital markets business to underwrite transactions or to lend capital, (4) obligations arising under insurance policies written, (5) other contractual obligations, including servicing agreements with third-party administrators for insurance policy administration, and (6) commitments to fund the business, operations or investments of our subsidiaries. In addition, we may incur contingent liabilities for claims that may be made against us in the future. For more information about these contingent liabilities, please see Note 24 "Commitments and Contingencies" in our financial statements. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet financings or liabilities other than contractual commitments and other legal contingencies incurred in the normal course of our business. 
 190 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and reported amounts of fees, capital allocation-based income (loss), expenses, investment income, and income taxes. Our management bases these estimates and judgments on available information, historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. However, these estimates, judgments and assumptions are often subjective and may be impacted negatively based on changing circumstances or changes in our analyses. If actual amounts are ultimately different from those estimated, judged or assumed, revisions are included in the financial statements in the period in which the actual amounts become known. We believe our critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying estimates, judgments or assumptions. 
 For a further discussion about our critical accounting policies, see Note 2 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in our financial statements included in this report. 
 Basis of Accounting 
 We consolidate the financial results of KKR Group Partnership and its consolidated entities, which include the accounts of our investment advisers, broker-dealers, Global Atlantic s insurance companies, the general partners of certain unconsolidated investment funds, general partners of consolidated investment funds and their respective consolidated investment funds and certain other entities including CFEs. 
 When an entity is consolidated, we reflect the accounts of the consolidated entity, including its assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, investment income, cash flows and other amounts, on a gross basis. While the consolidation of an investment fund or entity does not have an effect on the amounts of Net Income Attributable to KKR or KKR's stockholders' equity that KKR reports, the consolidation does significantly impact the financial statement presentation under GAAP. This is due to the fact that the accounts of the consolidated entities are reflected on a gross basis while the allocable share of those amounts that are attributable to third parties are reflected as single line items. The single line items in which the accounts attributable to third parties are recorded are presented as noncontrolling interests on the consolidated statements of financial condition and net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The presentations in the consolidated statement of financial condition and consolidated statement of operations reflect the significant industry diversification of KKR by its acquisition of Global Atlantic. Global Atlantic operates an insurance business, and KKR operates an asset management business, which manages the operations of the newly-formed Strategic Holdings segment (see Note 21 - "Segment Reporting"), each of which possess distinct characteristics. As a result, KKR developed a two-tiered approach for the financial statements presentation, where Global Atlantic's insurance operations are presented separately from KKR's asset management business. KKR believes that these separate presentations provide a more informative view of the consolidated financial position and results of operations than traditional aggregated presentations and that reporting Global Atlantic s insurance operations separately is appropriate given, among other factors, the relative significance of Global Atlantic s policy liabilities, which are not obligations of KKR (other than the insurance companies that issued them). If a traditional aggregate presentation were to be used, KKR would expect to eliminate or combine several identical or similar captions, which would condense the presentations, but would also reduce the level of information presented. KKR also believes that using a traditional aggregate presentation would result in no new line items compared to the two-tier presentation included in the financial statements in this report. 
 In the ordinary course of business, KKR s Asset Management business, Strategic Holdings segment and Global Atlantic enter into transactions with each other, which may include transactions pursuant to their investment management agreements and financing arrangements. The borrowings from these financing arrangements are non-recourse to KKR beyond the assets pledged to support such borrowings. All the investment management and financing arrangements amongst KKR segments are eliminated in consolidation. 
 All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 
 Consolidation 
 KKR consolidates all entities that it controls either through a majority voting interest or as the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities VIEs ). The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of consolidation principles impact our financial results, and management s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment. For a detailed description of our accounting policy on consolidation, see Note 2 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in our financial statements included in this report. 
 191 

Table of Contents 

 As part of its consolidation procedures, KKR evaluates: (1) whether it holds a variable interest in an entity, (2) whether the entity is a VIE, and (3) whether the KKR s involvement would make it the primary beneficiary. The determination that KKR holds a controlling financial interest in an investment vehicle significantly changes the presentation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 The assessment of whether we consolidate an investment vehicle we manage requires the application of significant judgment. These judgments are applied both at the time we become involved with an investment vehicle and on an ongoing basis and include, but are not limited to: 
 Determining whether our management fees, carried interests or incentive fees represent variable interests - We make judgments as to whether the fees we earn are commensurate with the level of effort required for those fees and at market rates. In making this judgment, we consider, among other things, the extent of third party investment in the entity and the terms of any other interests we hold in the VIE. 
 Determining whether a legal entity qualifies as a VIE - For those entities where KKR holds a variable interest, management determines whether each of these entities qualifies as a VIE and, if so, whether or not KKR is the primary beneficiary. The assessment of whether the entity is a VIE is generally performed qualitatively, which requires judgment. These judgments include: (a) determining whether the equity investment at risk is sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, (b) evaluating whether the equity holders, as a group, can make decisions that have a significant effect on the economic performance of the entity, (c) determining whether two or more parties equity interests should be aggregated, and (d) determining whether the equity investors have proportionate voting rights to their obligations to absorb losses or rights to receive returns from an entity. Entities that do not qualify as VIEs are generally assessed for consolidation as voting interest entities. Under the voting interest entity model, KKR consolidates those entities it controls through a majority voting interest. 
 Concluding whether KKR has an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE - As there is no explicit threshold in GAAP to define potentially significant, we must apply judgment and evaluate both quantitative and qualitative factors to conclude whether this threshold is met. 
 Changes to these judgments could result in a change in the consolidation conclusion for a legal entity. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. 
 GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. Investments and other financial instruments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair values, as follows: 
 Level I 
 Pricing inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the measurement date. 
 Level II 
 Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date, and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. 
 Level III 
 Pricing inputs are unobservable for the financial instruments and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the financial instrument. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. The valuation of our Level III investments at September 30, 2024 represents management's best estimate of the amounts that we would anticipate realizing on the sale of these investments in an orderly transaction at such date. 
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 
 192 

Table of Contents 

 Level III Valuation Methodologies 
 Our investments and financial instruments are impacted by various economic conditions and events outside of our control that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on the carried interest and investment income we realize. Additionally, a change in interest rates could have a significant impact on valuations. 
 Across the total Level III private equity investment portfolio (including core private equity investments), and including investments in both consolidated and unconsolidated investment funds, approximately 60 of the fair value is derived from investments that are valued based exactly 50 on market comparables and 50 on a discounted cash flow analysis. Less than 2 of the fair value of this Level III private equity investment portfolio (including core private equity investments) is derived from investments that are valued either based 100 on market comparables or 100 on a discounted cash flow analysis. As of September 30, 2024, the overall weights ascribed to the market comparables methodology, the discounted cash flow methodology, and a methodology based on pending sales for this portfolio of Level III private equity investments were 38 , 55 , and 7 , respectively. 
 There is inherent uncertainty involved in the valuation of Level III investments, and there is no assurance that, upon liquidation, KKR will realize the values reflected in our valuations. Our valuations may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had an active market for the investments existed, and it is reasonably possible that the difference could be material. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for more information on factors that may impact our business, financial performance, operating results and valuations. 
 Key unobservable inputs that have a significant impact on our Level III valuations as described above are included in Note 9 "Fair Value Measurements" in our financial statements. 
 Level III Valuation Process 
 The valuation process involved for Level III measurements is completed on a quarterly basis and is designed to subject the valuation of Level III investments to an appropriate level of consistency, oversight, and review. 
 For private equity and real asset investments classified as Level III, investment professionals prepare preliminary valuations based on their evaluation of financial and operating data, company specific developments, market valuations of comparable companies and other factors. KKR begins its procedures to determine the fair values of its Level III assets approximately one month prior to the end of a reporting period, and KKR follows additional procedures to ensure that its determinations of fair value for its Level III assets are appropriate as of the relevant reporting date. These preliminary valuations are reviewed by an independent valuation firm engaged by KKR to perform certain procedures in order to assess the reasonableness of KKR's valuations annually for all Level III private equity and real asset investments and quarterly for investments other than certain investments, which have values less than preset value thresholds and which in the aggregate comprise less than 1 of the total value of KKR's Level III private equity and real asset investments. The valuations of certain real asset investments are determined solely by independent valuation firms without the preparation of preliminary valuations by our investment professionals, and instead such independent valuation firms rely on valuation information available to it as a broker or valuation firm. For credit investments, an independent valuation firm is generally engaged by KKR to assist with the valuations of most investments classified as Level III. The valuation firm either provides a value, provides a valuation range from which KKR's investment professionals select a point in the range to determine the valuation, or performs certain procedures in order to assess the reasonableness of KKR's valuations. After reflecting any input from the independent valuation firm, the valuation proposals are submitted for review and approval by KKR's valuation committees. As of September 30, 2024, less than 4 of the total value of our Level III credit investments were not valued with the engagement of an independent valuation firm. 
 193 

Table of Contents 

 For Level III investments in Asset Management and Strategic Holdings, KKR has a global valuation committee that is responsible for coordinating and implementing the firm's valuation process to ensure consistency in the application of valuation principles across portfolio investments and between periods. The global valuation committee is assisted by the asset class-specific valuation committees that exist for private equity (including core equity investments and certain impact investments), growth equity (including certain impact investments), real estate, energy, infrastructure and credit. The asset class-specific valuation committees are responsible for the review and approval of all preliminary Level III valuations in their respective asset classes on a quarterly basis. The members of these valuation committees are comprised of investment professionals, including the heads of each respective strategy, and professionals from business operations functions such as legal, compliance and finance, who are not primarily responsible for the management of the investments. All Level III valuations for investments in Asset Management and Strategic Holdings are also subject to approval by the global valuation committee, which is comprised of senior employees including investment professionals and professionals from business operations functions, and includes KKR's Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel, and Chief Compliance Officer. When valuations are approved by the global valuation committee after reflecting any input from it, the valuations of Level III investments, as well as the valuations of Level I and Level II investments, are presented to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of KKR Co. Inc. and are then reported to the Board of Directors. 
 Level III investments held by Global Atlantic are valued using either pricing services, broker-dealers, third-party asset managers, or internal models. Global Atlantic's valuation committee performs a quantitative and qualitative analysis over all pricing sources used to verify that it represents a reasonable estimate of fair value. As of September 30, 2024, less than 5 of the total value of Global Atlantic's Level III investments were not valued with the engagement of an independent valuation firm. Once valuations are approved by Global Atlantic's valuation committee, the valuations of its Level III investments, as well as the valuations of its Level I and Level II investments, are presented to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of KKR Co. Inc. and are then reported to the Board of Directors. 
 As of September 30, 2024, upon completion by, where applicable, independent valuation firms of certain limited procedures requested to be performed by them on certain Level III investments, the independent valuation firms concluded that the fair values, as determined by KKR (including Global Atlantic), of those investments reviewed by them were reasonable. The limited procedures did not involve an audit, review, compilation or any other form of examination or attestation under generally accepted auditing standards and were not conducted on all Level III investments. We are responsible for determining the fair value of investments in good faith, and the limited procedures performed by an independent valuation firm are supplementary to the inquiries and procedures that we are required to undertake to determine the fair value of the commensurate investments. 
 As described above, Level II and Level III investments were valued using internal models with significant unobservable inputs, and our determinations of the fair values of these investments may differ materially from the values that would have resulted if readily observable inputs had existed. Additional external factors may cause those values, and the values of investments for which readily observable inputs exist, to increase or decrease over time, which may create volatility in our earnings and the amounts of assets and stockholders' equity that we report from time to time. 
 Changes in the fair value of investments impacts the amount of carried interest that is recognized as well as the amount of investment income that is recognized for investments held directly in Asset Management, Strategic Holdings and through our consolidated funds as described below. We estimate that an immediate 10 decrease in the fair value of investments held directly and through consolidated investment funds generally would result in a commensurate change in the amount of net gains (losses) from investment activities for investments held directly and through investment funds and a more significant impact to the amount of carried interest recognized, regardless of whether the investment was valued using observable market prices or management estimates with significant unobservable pricing inputs. With respect to consolidated investment funds, the impact that the consequential decrease in investment income would have on net income attributable to KKR would generally be significantly less than the amount described above, given that a majority of the change in fair value of our consolidated funds would be attributable to noncontrolling interests and therefore we are only impacted to the extent of our carried interest and our ownership in the consolidated investment funds and vehicles. With respect to Insurance, a decrease in investment income for certain assets where investment gains and losses are recognized through the statement of operations would impact KKR only to the extent of our economic ownership interest in Global Atlantic. 
 194 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024, there were no investments (including in our new Strategic Holdings segment) which represented greater than 5 of total investments on a GAAP basis. Our investment income on a GAAP basis and our asset management segment assets can be impacted by volatility in the public markets related to our holdings of publicly traded securities, including our holdings of equity securities of Crescent and BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. See "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report and " Business Environment" for a discussion of factors that may impact the valuations of our investments, financial results, operating results and valuations, and " Segment Balance Sheet Measures" for additional information regarding our largest holdings on a segment basis. 
 Business Combinations 
 KKR accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, under which the purchase price of the acquisition is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed using the fair values determined by management as of the acquisition date. 
 Management s determination of fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date is based on the best information available in the circumstances and may incorporate management s own assumptions and involve a significant degree of judgment. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible assets. Examples of critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired include, but are not limited to, future expected cash inflows and outflows, future fundraising assumptions, expected useful life, discount rates and income tax rates. Our estimates for future cash flows are based on historical data, various internal estimates and certain external sources, and are based on assumptions that are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying assets acquired. We estimate the useful lives of the intangible assets based on the expected period over which we anticipate generating economic benefit from the asset. We base our estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that could affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual result. 
 Income Taxes 
 Significant judgment is required in estimating the provision for (benefit from) income taxes, current and deferred tax balances (including valuation allowance), accrued interest or penalties and uncertain tax positions. In evaluating these judgments, we consider, among other items, projections of taxable income (including the character of such income), beginning with historic results and incorporating assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. These assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that KKR uses to manage its business. A portion of the deferred tax assets are not considered to be more likely than not to be realized. For that portion of the deferred tax assets for Global Atlantic, a valuation allowance has been recorded. Revisions in estimates or actual costs of a tax assessment may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, if any. Please see Note 18 "Income Taxes" in our financial statements in this report for further details. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates - Asset Management and Strategic Holdings 
 Revenues 
 Fees and Other 
 Fees and other consist primarily of (i) management and incentive fees from providing investment management services to unconsolidated funds, CLOs, other vehicles, and separately managed accounts; (ii) transaction fees earned in connection with successful investment transactions and from capital markets activities; (iii) monitoring fees from providing services to portfolio companies; (iv) expense reimbursements from certain investment funds and portfolio companies; and (v) consulting fees. These fees are based on the contractual terms of the governing agreements and are recognized when earned, which coincides with the period during which the related services are performed and in the case of transaction fees, upon closing of the transaction. Monitoring fees may provide for a termination payment following an initial public offering or change of control. These termination payments are recognized in the period when the related transaction closes. 
 Transaction fee calculations and management fee calculations based on committed capital or invested capital typically do not require discretion and therefore do not require the use of significant estimates or judgments. Management fee calculations based on net asset value depend on the fair value of the underlying investments within the investment vehicles. Estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds and could vary depending on the valuation methodology that is used as well as economic conditions. 
 195 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Allocation-Based Income (Loss) 
 Capital allocation-based income (loss) is earned from those arrangements whereby KKR serves as general partner and includes income or loss from KKR's capital interest as well as "carried interest" which entitles KKR to a disproportionate allocation of investment income or loss from an investment fund's limited partners. 
 Carried interest is recognized upon appreciation of the funds investment values above certain return hurdles set forth in their partnership agreement. KKR recognizes revenues attributable to capital allocation-based income based upon the amount that would be due pursuant to the fund partnership agreement at each period end as if the funds were terminated at that date. Accordingly, the amount recognized reflects KKR s share of the gains and losses of the associated funds underlying investments measured at their then-current fair values relative to the fair values as of the end of the prior period. Because of the inherent uncertainty in measuring the fair value of investments in the absence of observable market prices as previously discussed, these estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investments existed, and it is reasonably possible that the difference could be material. 
 Expenses 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Compensation and Benefits expense includes (i) base cash compensation consisting of salaries and wages, (ii) benefits, (iii) carry pool allocations, (iv) equity-based compensation and (v) discretionary cash bonuses. 
 To supplement base cash compensation, benefits, carry pool allocations, and equity-based compensation, we typically pay discretionary cash bonuses, which are included in Compensation and Benefits expense in the consolidated statements of operations, based principally on the level of (i) management fees and other fee revenues (including incentive fees), (ii) realized carried interest and (iii) realized investment income earned during the year. The amounts paid as discretionary cash bonuses, if any, are at our sole discretion and vary from individual to individual and from period to period, including having no cash bonus. We accrue discretionary cash bonuses when payment becomes probable and reasonably estimable which is generally in the period when we make the decision to pay discretionary cash bonuses and is based upon a number of factors, including the recognition of fee revenues, realized carried interest, realized investment income and other factors determined during the year. 
 Beginning in 2021, we expect to pay our employees by assigning a percentage range to each component of asset management segment revenues. Prior to January 1, 2024, based on the current components and blend of our asset management segment revenues on an annual basis, we expected to use approximately: (i) 20 25 of fee related revenues, (ii) 60 70 of realized carried interest and incentive fees not included in fee related performance revenues or earned from our hedge fund partnerships, and (iii) 10 20 of realized investment income and hedge fund partnership incentive fees, to pay our asset management employees. Beginning in January 2024, we expect to use approximately: (i) 15 -20 of fee related revenues, (ii) 70 -80 of realized carried interest and incentive fees not included in fee related performance revenues or earned from our hedge fund partnerships, and (iii) 10 -20 of realized investment income and hedge fund partnership incentive fees, to pay our asset management employees. Because these ranges are applied to applicable asset management segment revenue components independently, and on an annual basis, the amount paid as a percentage of total asset management segment revenue will vary and will, for example, likely be higher in a period with relatively higher realized carried interest and lower in a period with relatively lower realized carried interest. We decide whether to pay a discretionary cash bonus and determine the percentage of applicable revenue components to pay compensation only upon the occurrence of the realization event. There is no contractual or other binding obligation that requires us to pay a discretionary cash bonus to the asset management employees, except in limited circumstances. 
 Carry Pool Allocation 
 With respect to our funds that provide for carried interest, we allocate a portion of the realized and unrealized carried interest that we earn to Associates Holdings, which we refer to as the carry pool, from which our asset management employees and certain other carry pool participants are eligible to receive a carried interest allocation. The allocation is determined based upon a fixed arrangement between Associates Holdings and us, and we do not exercise discretion on whether to make an allocation to the carry pool upon a realization event. We refer to the portion of carried interest that we allocate to the carry pool as the carry pool percentage. 
 196 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2023, the carry pool percentage was fixed at 40 , 43 or 65 by investment fund, depending on the fund s vintage. For funds that closed after December 31, 2020 but before December 31, 2023, the carry pool percentage was fixed at 65 . For funds that closed after June 30, 2017 but before December 31, 2020, the carry pool percentage was fixed at 43 , and the carry pool percentage was fixed at 40 for older funds that contributed to KKR's carry pool. Effective January 2, 2024, KKR is authorized to apply a carry pool percentage in excess of these fixed percentages of up to 80 for all funds. 
 This increase to the carry pool percentage was approved by a majority of KKR's independent directors, and the carry pool percentage may not be increased above 80 without the further approval of a majority of KKR's independent directors. For funds that closed after December 31, 2023, the carry pool percentage is fixed at 80 . For funds that closed prior to December 31, 2023, the carry pool percentage is calculated at a fixed percentage of 40 , 43 or 65 (depending on the fund s vintage) for carried interest realized up to a high water mark, which was established based on the unrealized carried interest balance that existed on January 2, 2024, plus an additional percentage amount up to 80 based on a formulaic allocation, only if the unrealized carried interest balance at any period end exceeds the high water mark. This imposes a limitation of the carry pool allocation for such funds based on the amount of cumulative unrealized carried interest income earned subsequent to December 31, 2023. 
 For funds that closed before December 31, 2023, if the cumulative carried interest subsequent to December 31, 2023 is not sufficient to fund this formulaic allocation, the allocation of earnings reverts to the carry pool percentage in effect before this modification. As such, upon modification of the carry pool percentage effective on January 2, 2024, the cumulative unrealized carried interest was not sufficient to fund the additional formulaic allocation percentage in excess of the pre-existing 40 , 43 and 65 carry pool percentages, and therefore no incremental expense was recognized as of such date. The carry pool percentage applicable for all funds that closed prior to December 31, 2023 will not be less than their applicable carry pool percentages of 40 , 43 or 65 prior to December 31, 2023, and will not be more than 80 . The intent of this modification is that for all funds that closed prior to January 2, 2024, upon the final liquidation of each fund, realized carried interest distributed will equal the historical fund carry pool allocations up to the high water mark and only distributions of realized carried interest in excess of the high water mark will be distributed at 80 percent if and only if the unrealized carried interest balance at any period end exceeds the high water mark. Under no circumstance would a distribution of carried interest exceed 80 of the total allocable carried interest at any time. 
 KKR accounts for the carry pool as a compensatory profit-sharing arrangement in Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities within the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition in conjunction with the related carried interest income and it is recorded as compensation expense. The liability that is recorded in each period reflects the legal entitlement of Associates Holdings at each point in time should the total unrealized carried interest be realized at the value recorded at each reporting date. Upon a reversal of carried interest income, the related carry pool allocation, if any, is also reversed. Accordingly, such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. 
 On the Sunset Date (which will not be later than December 31, 2026), KKR will acquire control of Associates Holdings and will commence making decisions regarding the allocation of the carry proceeds pursuant to the limited partnership agreement of Associates Holdings. Until the Sunset Date, our Co-Founders will continue to make decisions regarding the allocation of the carry proceeds to themselves and others, pursuant to the limited partnership agreement of Associates Holdings, provided that any allocation of carry proceeds to the Co-Founders will be on a percentage basis consistent with past practice. For additional information about the Sunset Date and the Reorganization Agreement, see Note 1 "Organization" in our financial statements included in this report. 
 Equity-based Compensation 
 In addition to the cash-based compensation and carry pool allocations as described above, employees receive equity awards under our Equity Incentive Plans, most of which are subject to service-based vesting typically over a three to five-year period from the date of grant, and some of which are also subject to the achievement of market-based conditions. Certain of these awards are subject to post-vesting transfer restrictions and minimum retained ownership requirements. 
 Compensation expense relating to the issuance of equity-based awards is measured at fair value on the grant date. In determining the aggregate fair value of any award grants, we make judgments as to the grant-date fair value, particularly for certain restricted units with a vesting condition based upon market conditions, whose grant date fair values are based on a probability distributed Monte-Carlo simulation. See Note 19 "Equity Based Compensation, in our financial statements included in this report for further discussion and activity of these awards. 
 197 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Income (Loss) -Net Gains (Losses) from Investment Activities 
 Net gains (losses) from investment activities consist of realized and unrealized gains and losses arising from our investment activities as well as income earned from certain equity method investments. Fluctuations in net gains (losses) from investment activities between reporting periods is driven primarily by changes in the fair value of our investment portfolio as well as the realization of investments. The fair value of, as well as the ability to recognize gains from, our investments is significantly impacted by the global financial markets, which, in turn, affects the net gains (losses) from investment activities recognized in any given period. Upon the disposition of an investment, previously recognized unrealized gains and losses are reversed and an offsetting realized gain or loss is recognized in the current period. Since our investments are carried at fair value, fluctuations between periods could be significant due to changes to the inputs to our valuation process over time. For a further discussion of our fair value measurements and fair value of investments, see above " Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Fair Value Measurements." 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Insurance 
 Policy liabilities 
 Policy liabilities, or collectively, reserves, are the portion of past premiums or assessments received that are set aside to meet future policy and contract obligations as they become due. Interest accrues on the reserves and on future premiums, which may also be available to pay for future obligations. Global Atlantic establishes reserves to pay future policy benefits, claims, and certain expenses for its life policies and annuity contracts. 
 Global Atlantic's reserves are estimated based on models that include many actuarial assumptions and projections. These assumptions and projections, which are inherently uncertain, involve significant judgment, including assumptions as to the levels and/or timing of premiums, benefits, claims, expenses, interest credits, investment results (including equity market returns), mortality, longevity, and persistency. 
 The assumptions on which reserves are based are intended to represent an estimation of experience for the period that policy benefits are payable. Global Atlantic reviews the adequacy of its reserves and the assumptions underlying those reserves at least annually. Global Atlantic cannot, however, determine with precision the amount or the timing of actual benefit payments. If actual experience is better than or equal to the assumptions, then reserves would be adequate to provide for future benefits and expenses. If experience is worse than the assumptions, additional reserves may be required to meet future policy and contract obligations. This would result in a charge to Global Atlantic's net income during the period in which excess benefits are paid or an increase in reserves occurs. 
 For a majority of Global Atlantic's in-force policies, including its interest-sensitive life policies and most annuity contracts, the base policy reserve is equal to the account value. For these products, the account value represents Global Atlantic's obligation to repay to the policyholder the amounts held with Global Atlantic on deposit. However, there are several significant blocks of business where policy reserves, in addition to the account value, are explicitly calculated, including variable annuities, fixed-indexed annuities, interest-sensitive life products (including those with secondary guarantees), and preneed policies. 
 Market risk benefits 
 Market risk benefits are contracts or contract features that both provide protection to the policyholder from other-than-nominal capital market risk and expose Global Atlantic to other-than-nominal capital market risk. Market risk benefits include certain contract features on fixed annuity and variable annuity products, including minimum guarantees to policyholders, such as guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDBs), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWBs), and long-term care benefits (which are capped at the return of account value plus one or two times the account value). 
 Some of Global Atlantic's variable annuity and fixed-indexed annuity contracts contain a GMDB feature that provides a guarantee that the benefit received at death will be no less than a prescribed minimum amount, even if the account balance is reduced to zero. This amount is based on either the net deposits paid into the contract, the net deposits accumulated at a specified rate, the highest historical account value on a contract anniversary, or sometimes a combination of these values. If the GMDB is higher than the current account value at the time of death, Global Atlantic incurs a cost equal to the difference. 
 198 

Table of Contents 

 Global Atlantic issues fixed-indexed annuity and variable annuity contracts with a guaranteed minimum withdrawal feature. GMWB are an optional benefit where the contract owner is entitled to withdraw a maximum amount of their benefit base each year. 
 Once exercised, living benefit features provide annuity policyholders with a minimum guaranteed stream of income for life. A policyholder s annual income benefit is generally based on an annual withdrawal percentage multiplied by the benefit base. The benefit base is defined in the policy and is generally the initial premium, reduced by any partial withdrawals and increased by a defined percentage, formula or index credits. Any living benefit payments are first deducted from the account value. Global Atlantic is responsible for paying any excess guaranteed living benefits still owed after the account value has reached zero. 
 The ultimate cost of these benefits will depend on the level of market returns and the level of contractual guarantees, as well as policyholder behavior, including surrenders, withdrawals, and benefit utilization. For Global Atlantic's fixed-indexed annuity products, costs also include certain non-guaranteed terms that impact the ultimate cost, such as caps on crediting rates that Global Atlantic can, in its discretion, reset annually. 
 See Note 17 Policy liabilities in our financial statements for additional information. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the net market risk liability balance totaled 1.1 billion. As of September 30, 2024, the liability balances for market risk benefits were 877.1 million for fixed-indexed annuities and 225.1 million for variable and other annuities. The increase (decrease) to the net market risk benefit liability balance as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates, instrument-specific credit risk, equity market prices, expected mortality, and expected surrenders are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of such balances. 
 As of September 30, 2024 Fixed-indexed Annuity Other in thousands) Balance 877,081 225,104 Hypothetical Change: +50 bps Interest Rates (129,073) (46,335) -50 bps Interest Rates 144,263 51,394 +50 bps Instrument-specific Credit Risk (128,619) (24,291) -50 bps Instrument-specific Credit Risk 143,165 26,667 +10 Equity Market Prices (53,363) (47,504) -10 Equity Market Prices 41,913 53,963 95 of Expected Mortality 50,152 5,988 105 of Expected Mortality (47,087) (5,301) 90 of Expected Surrenders 23,480 2,808 110 of Expected Surrenders (22,243) (2,718) 
 Note: Hypothetical changes to the market risk benefits liability balance do not reflect the impact of related hedges. 
 Policy liabilities accounted for under a fair value option 
 Variable annuity contracts offered and assumed by Global Atlantic provide the contractholder with a GMDB. The liabilities for these benefits are included in policy liabilities. Global Atlantic elected the fair value option to measure the liability for certain of these variable annuity contracts valued at 313.6 million as of September 30, 2024. Fair value is calculated as the present value of the estimated death benefits less the present value of the GMDB fees, using 1,000 risk neutral scenarios. Global Atlantic discounts the cash flows using the U.S. Treasury rates plus an adjustment for instrument-specific credit risk in the consolidated statement of financial condition. The change in the liabilities for these benefits is included in policy benefits and claims in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, variable annuities accounted for using the fair value option totaled 313.6 million. The increase (decrease) in the reserves for variable annuities accounted for using the fair value option as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates, instrument-specific credit risk, equity market prices, expected mortality, and expected surrenders are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of such balances. 
 199 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024 Variable Annuities in thousands) Balance 313,597 Hypothetical Change: +50 bps Interest Rates (20,936) -50 bps Interest Rates 22,707 +50 bps Instrument-specific Credit Risk (13,402) -50 bps Instrument-specific Credit Risk 13,901 +10 Equity Market Prices (15,406) -10 Equity Market Prices 18,085 95 of Expected Mortality (5,149) 105 of Expected Mortality 4,912 90 of Expected Surrenders 936 110 of Expected Surrenders (918) 
 Note: Hypothetical changes to the liability balances do not reflect the impact of related hedges. 
 Liability for future policyholder benefits 
 A liability for future policy benefits, which is the present value of estimated future policy benefits to be paid to or on behalf of policyholders and certain related expenses less the present value of estimated future net premiums to be collected from policyholders, is accrued as premium revenue is recognized. The liability is estimated using current assumptions that include mortality, morbidity, lapses, and expenses. These current assumptions are based on judgments that consider Global Atlantic s historical experience, industry data, and other factors, and are updated quarterly and the current period change in the liability is recognized as a separate component of benefit expense in the consolidated income statement. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the liability for future policy benefits totaled 11.7 billion, net of reinsurance, split between 9.8 billion associated with payout annuity products, and 1.8 billion of life and other insurance products (including assumed long-term care insurance where Global Atlantic retroceded mortality and morbidity risks to a third-party reinsurer.) The increase (decrease) as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates, credit spreads, expected mortality, and expected surrenders and lapses are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of such balances. 
 As of September 30, 2024 Payout Annuities Other in thousands) Balance 9,831,556 1,829,929 Hypothetical Change: +50 bps Interest Rates (195,728) (364,307) -50 bps Interest Rates 211,107 400,483 +50 bps Credit Spreads (151,370) (224,885) -50 bps Credit Spreads 157,243 248,573 95 of Expected Mortality (1) 
 70,094 30,960 105 of Expected Mortality (1) 
 (66,484) (28,833) 90 of Expected Surrenders/Lapses (7,993) 110 of Expected Surrenders/Lapses (16,459) 
 Note: Hypothetical changes to the liability for future policy benefits balance do not reflect the impact of related hedges. 
 (1) Includes decrements for terminations of disability insurance 
 Additional liability for annuitization, death, or other insurance benefits: no-lapse guarantees 
 Global Atlantic has in-force interest-sensitive life contracts where it provides a secondary guarantee to the policyholder. The policy can remain in-force, even if the base policy account value is zero, as long as contractual secondary guarantee requirements have been met. The primary risk to Global Atlantic is that the premium collected under these policies, together with the investment return Global Atlantic earns on that premium, is ultimately insufficient to pay the policyholder s benefits and the expenses associated with issuing and administering these policies. Global Atlantic holds an additional reserve in connection with these guarantees. 
 200 

Table of Contents 

 The additional reserves related to interest-sensitive life products with secondary guarantees are calculated using methods similar to those described above under Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates - Insurance Policy liabilities Market risk benefits. The costs related to these secondary guarantees are recognized over the life of the contracts through the accrual and subsequent release of a reserve which is revalued each period. The reserve is calculated based on assessments, over a range of economic scenarios to incorporate the variability in the obligation that may occur under different environments. The change in the reserve is included in policy benefits and claims in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the additional liability balance of primarily interest-sensitive life totaled 5.9 billion, net of reinsurance. The increase (decrease) to the additional liability balance, as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates, equity market prices, annual equity growth, expected mortality, and expected surrenders are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of the interest-sensitive life no-lapse guarantee liability balance. 
 As of September 30, 2024 Interest-sensitive Life in thousands) Balance 5,879,223 Hypothetical Change: +50 bps Interest Rates 1,605 -50 bps Interest Rates (1,609) +10 Equity Market Prices (1,349) -10 Equity Market Prices 758 1 Lower Annual Equity Growth 3,777 95 of Expected Mortality (36,840) 105 of Expected Mortality 36,338 90 of Expected Surrenders 18,560 110 of Expected Surrenders (18,224) 
 Note: Hypothetical changes to the interest-sensitive life additional liability for annuitization, death, or other insurance benefits balance do not reflect the impact of related hedges. 
 
 Embedded derivatives in policy liabilities and funds withheld 
 Global Atlantic's fixed-indexed annuity, variable annuity and indexed universal life products contain equity-indexed features, which are considered embedded derivatives and are required to be measured at fair value. 
 Global Atlantic calculates the embedded derivative as the present value of future projected benefits in excess of the projected guaranteed benefits, using an option budget as the indexed account value growth rate. In addition, the fair value of the embedded derivative is reduced to reflect instrument specific credit risk on Global Atlantic's obligation (that is, Global Atlantic's own credit risk). 
 Changes in interest rates, future index credits, instrument-specific credit risk, projected withdrawal and surrender activity, and mortality on fixed-indexed annuity and interest-sensitive life products can have a significant impact on the value of the embedded derivative. 
 Valuation of embedded derivatives Fixed-indexed annuities 
 Fixed-indexed annuity contracts allow the policyholder to elect a fixed interest rate of return or a market indexed strategy where interest credited is based on the performance of an index, such as the S P 500 Index, or other indexes. The market indexed strategy is an embedded derivative, similar to a call option. The fair value of the embedded derivative is computed as the present value of benefits attributable to the excess of the projected policy contract values over the projected minimum guaranteed contract values. The projections of policy contract values are based on assumptions for future policy growth, which include assumptions for expected index credits, future equity option costs, volatility, interest rates, and policyholder behavior. The projections of minimum guaranteed contract values include the same assumptions for policyholder behavior as are used to project policy contract values. The embedded derivative cash flows are discounted using a risk-free interest rate increased by instrument-specific credit risk tied to Global Atlantic's own credit rating. 
 201 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of embedded derivatives Interest-sensitive life products 
 Interest-sensitive life products allow a policyholder s account value to grow based on the performance of certain equity indexes, which results in an embedded derivative similar to a call option. The embedded derivative related to the index is bifurcated from the host contract and measured at fair value. The valuation of the embedded derivative is the present value of future projected benefits in excess of the projected guaranteed benefits, using the option budget as the indexed account value growth rate and the guaranteed interest rate as the guaranteed account value growth rate. Present values are based on discount rate curves determined at the valuation date or issue date as well as assumed lapse and mortality rates. The discount rate equals the forecast treasury rate increased by instrument-specific credit risk tied to Global Atlantic s own credit rating. Changes in discount rates and other assumptions such as spreads and/or option budgets can have a substantial impact on the embedded derivative. 
 Valuation of embedded derivatives in modified coinsurance or funds withheld 
 Global Atlantic's reinsurance agreements include modified coinsurance and coinsurance with funds withheld arrangements that include terms that require payment by the ceding company of a principal amount plus a return that is based on a proportion of the ceding company s return on a designated portfolio of assets. Because the return on the funds withheld receivable or payable is not clearly and closely related to the host insurance contract, these contracts are deemed to contain embedded derivatives, which are measured at fair value. Global Atlantic is exposed to both the interest rate and credit risk of the assets. Changes in discount rates and other assumptions can have a significant impact on this embedded derivative. The fair value of the embedded derivatives is included in the funds withheld receivable at interest and funds withheld payable at interest line items on our consolidated statement of financial condition. The change in the fair value of the embedded derivatives is recorded in net investment-related gains (losses) in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the embedded derivative liability balance totaled 5.2 billion for fixed-indexed annuities, and 512.5 million for interest-sensitive life. The increase (decrease) to the embedded derivatives on fixed-indexed annuity and indexed universal life as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates, credit spreads, and equity market prices are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of such balances. 
 As of September 30, 2024 Fixed-indexed Annuities Interest Sensitive Life in thousands) Balance 5,244,375 512,474 Hypothetical Change: +50 bps Interest Rates (98,927) (4,851) -50 bps Interest Rates 105,955 5,068 +50 bps Credit Spreads (118,479) (4,851) -50 bps Credit Spreads 123,238 5,068 +10 Equity Market Prices 544,551 25,738 -10 Equity Market Prices (502,614) (58,685) 
 Note: Hypothetical changes to the market risk benefits liability balance do not reflect the impact of related hedges. 
 202 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024, the embedded derivative balance for modified coinsurance or funds withheld arrangements was a 1.7 billion net asset 95.3 million in funds withheld receivables at interest, and (1.6) billion in funds withheld payable at interest). The increase (decrease) to the embedded derivatives on fixed-indexed annuity and interest-sensitive life products as a result of hypothetical changes in interest rates and investment credit spreads are summarized in the table below. This sensitivity considers the direct effect of such changes only and not changes in any other assumptions used in or items considered in the measurement of such balances. 
 As of September 30, 2024 Embedded Derivative on Funds Withheld Receivable Embedded Derivative on Funds Withheld Payable in thousands) Balance 95,253 (1,595,138) Hypothetical Change: +50 bps Interest Rates (13,250) (1,451,610) -50 bps Interest Rates 18,932 1,568,715 +50 bps Investment Credit Spreads (37,574) (1,244,630) -50 bps Investment Credit Spreads 37,574 1,361,735 
 Note: Hypothetical changes to the funds withheld receivable and payable embedded derivative balances do not reflect the impact of related hedges or trading assets which back the funds withheld at interest. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a full discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in our financial statements included in this report. 
 203 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 There was no material change to our market risks during the three months ended September 30, 2024. For a discussion of our market risks in general, please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. In addition, for a discussion of current market conditions and uncertainties, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business Environment." 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Co-Chief Executive Officers and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurances of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Co-Chief Executive Officers and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 204 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 For a discussion of KKR's legal proceedings, see the section entitled "Legal Proceedings" appearing in Note 24 "Commitments and Contingencies" in our financial statements included elsewhere in this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 Other than as set forth in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business Environment" in this report, there were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Share Repurchases in the Third Quarter of 2024 
 Under our current share repurchase program, KKR is authorized to repurchase its common stock from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing, manner, price and amount of any common stock repurchases will be determined by KKR in its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. KKR expects that the program, which has no expiration date, will continue to be in effect until the maximum approved dollar amount has been used. The program does not require KKR to repurchase any specific number of shares of common stock, and the program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. In addition to the repurchases of common stock described above, the repurchase program is used for the retirement (by cash settlement or the payment of tax withholding amounts upon net settlement) of equity awards issued pursuant to our Equity Incentive Plan representing the right to receive shares of common stock. 
 As of October 18, 2024, there is approximately 69 million remaining under KKR's share repurchase program. 
 The table below sets forth the information with respect to repurchases made by or on behalf of KKR Co. Inc. or any "affiliated purchaser" (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of our common stock for the periods presented. During the third quarter of 2024, no shares of common stock were repurchased, and 696 equity awards were retired. 
 Issuer Purchases of Common Stock (amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 Month #1 (July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024) 101,067 Month #2 (August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024) 101,038 Month #3 (September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024) 100,993 Total through September 30, 2024 100,993 
 (1) In April 2024, the share repurchase program was amended such that when the remaining available amount under the share repurchase program becomes 50 million or less, the total available amount under the share repurchase program will automatically add an additional 500 million to the then remaining available amount of 50 million or less. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 
 Not applicable. 
 205 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 As described above under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Consolidated results of operations (GAAP basis - unaudited) Notable Items Assumption Review, Global Atlantic reviews the assumptions underlying the adequacy of its reserves, deferred revenue and expenses at least annually and usually in the third quarter. In our earnings release for the third quarter 2024, we reported that insurance operating earnings had a benefit of approximately 50 million primarily related to the impact of Global Atlantic's annual actuarial assumption review. After further analysis, it was determined that this benefit should have instead been a charge of approximately 20 million, which resulted in insurance segment operating earnings being revised to 239 million for the third quarter 2024. This adjustment does not impact the core financial results of our insurance business unrelated to this annual actuarial assumption review process. This adjustment resulted in corresponding changes to KKR s previously announced total operating earnings and adjusted net income for the third quarter 2024, and KKR s GAAP income (loss) and stockholders equity financial measures. The adjusted per share measures for total operating earnings and adjusted net income for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are set forth below. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are included under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Segment Balance Sheet Measures Reconciliations to GAAP Measures." 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Total Operating Earnings Per Share 1.39 3.65 Adjusted Net Income Per Share 1.32 3.38 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 
 The following is a list of all exhibits filed or furnished as part of this report: 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of KKR Co. Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the KKR Co. Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2024). 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of KKR Co. Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the KKR Co. Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2024). 
 10.1 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2024, among Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P., KKR Group Partnership L.P., the Guarantors party thereto from time to time, the Lenders party thereto from time to time, and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the KKR Co. Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2024). 
 10.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of KKR Group Partnership L.P., dated August 6, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the KKR Co. Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 206 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and (vi) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover page interactive data file, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 The registrant hereby agrees to furnish to the SEC at its request copies of long-term debt instruments defining the rights of holders of outstanding long-term debt that are not required to be filed herewith. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 207 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 KKR CO. INC. By: /s/ ROBERT H. LEWIN Robert H. Lewin Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) DATE: November 5, 2024 
 
 208 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kkr-2024930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Joseph Y. Bae, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of KKR & Co. Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Joseph Y. Bae Joseph Y. Bae Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kkr-2024930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Scott C. Nuttall, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of KKR & Co. Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Scott C. Nuttall Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 kkr-2024930xex313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Robert H. Lewin, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of KKR & Co. Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Robert H. Lewin Robert H. Lewin Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 kkr-2024930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of KKR & Co. Inc. (the Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Joseph Y. Bae, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Joseph Y. Bae Joseph Y. Bae Co-Chief Executive Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 kkr-2024930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of KKR & Co. Inc. (the Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Scott C. Nuttall, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Scott C. Nuttall Scott C. Nuttall Co-Chief Executive Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 7
 kkr-2024930xex323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of KKR & Co. Inc. (the Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Robert H. Lewin, Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Robert H. Lewin Robert H. Lewin Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 kkr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 kkr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 kkr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 kkr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 kkr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

