<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241021_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1391426_0001903596-24-000618.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5223904</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87832</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>901307</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1636471</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1000013</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1455777</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001903596-24-000618.hdr.sgml : 20241021
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241021124712
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001903596-24-000618
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241021
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241021

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Clean Vision Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001391426
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52489
		FILM NUMBER:		241382632

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2711 N. SEPULVEDA BLVD
		CITY:			MANHATTAN BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90266
		BUSINESS PHONE:		424-835-1845

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2711 N. SEPULVEDA BLVD
		CITY:			MANHATTAN BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90266

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Byzen Digital, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210325

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA VITUP HEALTH CARE HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001903596-24-000618.txt : 20241021

10-Q/A
 1
 clnv_10qa.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

 Amendment
No. 1 

QUARTERLY
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly
period ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition
period from _______ to _______ 

Commission File Number:

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

,

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone
 number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address
 and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on 
 which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of October 16, 2024, there were 
shares of the issuer s common stock issued and outstanding. 

Explanatory Note: 

CLEAN VISION CORPORATION 

FORM 10-Q/A 

For the Quarterly
Period Ended March 31, 2024 

INDEX 

PART I 
 Financial Information 

Item 1. 
 Financial
 Statements (unaudited) 
 1 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 29 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 29 

PART II 
 Other Information 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 31 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered
 Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults
 Upon Senior Securities 
 31 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety
 Disclosures 
 31 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 31 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 31 
 
 Signatures 
 32 

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial
Statements 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
 March 31, 2024 (unaudited) (restated) and December 31, 2023 (restated) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and Comprehesive Loss for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 (restated) and 2023 (unaudited) 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 (restated), and 2023 (unaudited) 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three
 Months Ended Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 (restated), and 2023 (unaudited) 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 F-7 

1 

CLEAN VISION CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

March 31, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 
 (Unaudited)/ 
 (Restated) 
 (Audited)/ 
 (Restated) 
 
 Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaids and other assets 

Accounts receivable 

Loan receivable 

Trading securities 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Cash overdraft 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued expenses 

Convertible note payable, net of discount of 1,717,702 and 1,701,403, respectively 

Derivative liability 

Loans payable 

Related party payables 

Loans payables related party 

Liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities 

Economic incentive (Note 12) 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Mezzanine Equity: 

Series B Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Total mezzanine equity 

Stockholders' Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Series A Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Series C Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common stock to be issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Non-controlling interest 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

CLEAN VISION
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended March 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Restated) 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross margin 

Operating Expenses: 

Consulting 

Advertising and promotion 

Development expense 

Professional fees 

Payroll expense 

Director fees 

General and administration expenses 

Total operating expense 

Loss from Operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative 

Loss on debt issuance 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Other expense, net 

Total other expense 

Net loss before provision for income tax 

Provision for income tax expense 

Net loss 

Net loss attributed to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributed to Clean Vision Corporation 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CLEAN VISION CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 For the Three Months
Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional paid 
 Common Stock To be 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Minority 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 In Capital 
 Issued 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 (Restated) 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for debt commitments 

Stock issued for cash 

Stock issued for warrant exercise 

Debt issuance cost warrants issued 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2024 (Restated) 

F- 4 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Series
 C Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 paid 
 
 Common Stock to be 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 In
 Capital 
 Issued 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Stock
 dividend 

Stock
 issued for services related party 

Stock
 issued for services 

Stock
 issued for cash 

Stock
 issued for debt conversion 

Debt
 issuance cost warrants issued 

Shares
 cancelled 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 March 31, 2023 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CLEAN VISION
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended March 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Restated) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for services related party 

Debt discount amortization 

Loss on issuance of debt 

Change in fair value of derivative 

Gain
 on extinguishment of debt 

Depreciation
 expense 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid 

Accounts
 receivable 

Accounts
 payable 

Accruals 

Related-party payables - short-term 

Accrued compensation 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Prepaid for acquisition 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Cash overdraft 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Payments-convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Proceeds from notes payable - related party 

Repayment of related party loans 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Payments - notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Effects of currency translation 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental schedule of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes 

Supplemental non-cash disclosure: 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt 

Warrants issued
 with notes payable 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CLEAN VISION CORPORATION 

 Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March
31, 2024 

coverage
limit in any one financial institution. 

Total 

December 31,
2023 

Description 
 
 Level
 1 

Level
 2 
 
 Level
 3 

Derivative 

Total 

Revenue is recognized
when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company
expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Shipping and handling activities associated with outbound freight
after control over a product has transferred to a customer are accounted for as a fulfillment activity and recognized as revenue at the
point in time at which control of the goods transfers to the customer. As a practical expedient, the Company does not adjust the transaction
price for the effects of a significant financing component if, at contract inception, the period between customer payment and the transfer
of goods or services is expected to be one year or less. 

Our business model
is focused on generating revenue from the following sources: 

(i) Service revenue
from the recycling services we provide . We plan to establish plastic feedstock agreements with a number of feedstock
suppliers for the delivery of plastic to our facilities. Much of this plastic is currently a cost center for such feedstock suppliers,
who pay "tipping fees" to landfills or incinerators. We will accept this plastic feedstock at reduced price or for no
tipping fees. In some cases, feedstock suppliers will also share in revenue on products produced from their feedstock. This revenue
will be realized and recognized upon receipt of feedstock at one of our facilities. 

(ii) Revenue generated
from the sale of commodities . We will produce commodities including, but not limited to, pyrolysis oil, fuel oil, lubricants,
synthetic gas, hydrogen, and carbon char. We are in negotiation with chemical and oil companies for purchasing, or off-taking, fuels
and oils we produce, and exploring applications for carbon char. This revenue will be recognized upon shipment of products from one of
our facilities and in some cases off-takers may pre-pay for a contractual obligation to buy our commodities. 

(iii) Revenue
generated from the sale of environmental credits . Our products are eligible for numerous environmental credits, including but not
limited to carbon credits, plastic credits, and biodiversity credits. These credits may be monetized directly on the relevant markets
or may be realized as value-add to off-takers, who will pay a premium for eligible products. Revenue from these credits will be recognized
upon sale of applicable environmental credits on recognized markets, and/or upon sale of commodities to off-takers when that off-take
includes an environmental credit premium. 

(iv) Revenue generated
from royalties and/or the sale of equipment . We expect to develop or acquire intellectual property which could generate revenue through
royalties and/or sales of manufactured equipment. Revenue may be recognized upon the terms of a contracted sale agreement. 

For the period ended
March 31, 2024, our operations in Morocco had generated approximately in revenue. During the period, of revenue was from
one party. As of March 31, 2024, we did not generate revenue from any other sources. 

at March 31, 2024, and had a net loss of for the three
months ended March 31, 2024. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock and/or
debt financing is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan
of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations.
These conditions and the ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these
aforementioned uncertainties. 

Management plans
to continue to implement its business plan and to fund operations by raising additional capital through the issuance of debt and equity
securities. The Company s existence is dependent upon management's ability to implement its business plan and/or obtain additional
funding. There can be no assurance that the Company s financing efforts will result in profitable operations or the resolution
of the Company's liquidity problems. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may include undue restrictions on
our operations in the case of debt or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders in the case of equity financing. 

Equipment 

Buildings and fixtures 

Land 

Office furniture 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense 

For
the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, depreciation expense was and , respectively. 

. The loan bears interest at ,
requires monthly payments of .41 and is due within one year. As of March 31, 2024, the balance due is . 

West Virginia
State Incentive Package 

On
June 12, 2023, Clean-Seas announced that it secured 12 million in state incentives, which includes 1.75 million in cash to establish
a PCN facility outside of Charleston, West Virginia. Clean-Seas West Virginia, Inc., a West Virginia corporation Clean-Seas West
Virginia ), has an existing feedstock supply agreement for 100 TPD of post-industrial plastic waste and is planned to be a PCN hub
servicing the Mid-Atlantic states. The project will commence in phases, Phase 1 being 100 TPD, scaling up to 500 TPD. Additional project
finance capital is in the process of being secured and the Company received the 1.75 million cash disbursement on September 25, 2023. 

The
May Note matures 12 months after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 5 per annum, as may be adjusted from time to time in accordance
with Section 2 of the May Note. The May Note has an original
issue discount of 30 . The Company may not prepay any portion of the outstanding principal amount, accrued and unpaid interest or accrued
and unpaid late charges on principal and interest, if any, except as specifically permitted by the terms of the May Note. The May Note
is convertible into shares of common stock at 0.0389 per share. 

At any time, the Company shall have the right to redeem
all, but not less than all, of the amount then outstanding under the May Note (the Company Optional Redemption Amount on
the Company Optional Redemption Date (as defined in the Note) (a Company Optional Redemption ). The portion of the May Note
subject to a Company Optional Redemption shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price equal to the greater of (i) 10 premium to
the amount then outstanding under the May Note to be redeemed, and (ii) the equity value of our common stock underlying the May Note.
The equity value of our common stock underlying the May Note is calculated using the greatest closing sale price of our common stock on
any trading day immediately preceding such redemption and the date we make the entire payment required. The Company may exercise its right
to require redemption under the May Note by delivering a written notice thereof by electronic mail and overnight courier to all, but not
less than all, of the holders of May Note. 

The May Warrants are exercisable for shares of the
Company s common stock at a price equal to 120 of the closing sale price of the common stock on the trading day ended immediately
prior to the closing date (the May Warrant Exercise Price and expire five years from the date of issuance. The May Warrant
Exercise Price is subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations and the like. 

August
2023 Note - Coventry Enterprises, LLC 

On
July 31, 2023 (the August Note Original Issue Date ), the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the August
Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the August Investor ), pursuant to which the August Investor purchased
a senior convertible promissory note in the original principal amount of 500,000 (the August Note ). In addition, as an
additional inducement to the August Investor for purchasing the August Note, the Company issued 21,000,000 shares of its common stock
to the August Investor at the closing. These shares are being valued at the closing stock price on the date of grant with the relative
fair value accounted for as a debt discount. The transactions contemplated under the August Purchase Agreement closed on August 4, 2023. 

The August Note matures on
July 31, 2024 and bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum (the Guaranteed Interest ), carries an original issue discount
of 15 and has a default conversion price of 90 per share of the lowest VWAP during the 20 trading day period before the conversion.
The August Note requires monthly payments of 78,571.42, beginning December 31, 2023. The Company may prepay any portion of the outstanding
principal amount and the guaranteed interest at any time and from time to time, without penalty or premium, provided that any such prepayment
will be applied first to any unpaid collection costs, then to any unpaid fees, then to any unpaid Default Rate interest (as defined in
the August Note), and any remaining amount shall be applied first to any unpaid guaranteed interest, and then to any unpaid principal
amount. 

The August Investor was granted
a right of first refusal as the exclusive party with respect to any Equity Line of Credit transaction or financing (an Additional
Financing that the Company enters into during the 24-month period after the August Note Original Issue Date. In the event the
Company enters into an Additional Financing, the Company must provide notice to the August Investor not less than 10 trading days in advance
of the proposed entry. If the August Investor accepts all usual and customary terms set forth in the Additional Financing notice, the
August Investor must, within 20 trading days of receipt of the notice, prepare all relevant documents in respect thereof for execution
and delivery by the Company, provided, however, that the Company s outside counsel must prepare the relevant registration statement
to be filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 45 days after the Company receives the documents. 

The August Note sets forth
certain standard events of default (each such event, an August Note Event of Default ), which, upon such August Note Event
of Default, the principal amount and the guaranteed interest then outstanding under the August Note becomes convertible into shares of
the Company s common stock pursuant to a notice provided by the August Investor to the Company. At any time after the occurrence
of an August Note Event of Default, the outstanding principal amount and the outstanding guaranteed interest then outstanding on the August
Note, plus accrued but unpaid Default Rate (as defined in the August Note) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect
thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become immediately due and payable at the August Investor s option, in cash or in
shares of the Company s common stock at 120 of the outstanding principal amount of the August Note and accrued and unpaid interest,
plus other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of the August Note. 

October
2023 Note - GS Capital Partners 

On October 26, 2023,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the October Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the October Investor related to the Company s
sale of two 12 convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of 660,000 (each note being in the amount of 330,000 and containing
an original issue discount of 30,000 such that the purchase price of each note is 300,000) (each Note, and together the
 Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, upon the terms and
subject to the limitations set forth in each Note. The Company issued and sold the first Note (the First Note on October
26, 2023 (the First Closing Date or the First Issuance Date ). The second note was not funded. 

On the First Closing
Date, the Company issued 800,000 restricted shares of Common Stock to the Purchaser as additional consideration for the purchase of the
First Note (the First Note Commitment Shares ). Upon the closing of the Second Note, the Company will issue additional commitment
shares in an amount calculated based on the price per share of the Common Stock at the time of funding of such Second Note (the Second
Note Commitment Shares, and together with the First Note Commitment Shares, the Commitment Shares ). In addition
to the Commitment Shares, the Company agreed to issue 7,500,000 shares of Common Stock to the Purchaser (the Returnable Shares for each Note. Each issuance of Returnable Shares is subject to recalculation based on the price per share of Common Stock at the time
of funding for each Note, such that the economic value of each set of Returnable Shares shall be equal to the value of the initial set
of Returnable Shares. For example, if on the Second Closing Date, the closing price of the Common Stock is 50 of the closing price of
the Common Stock on the First Closing Date, the Company will be required to issue 15,000,000 Returnable Shares on the Second Note Closing
Date. The Returnable Shares must be returned to the Company unless each Note enters into an uncured default during its term, or the Company
is otherwise unable to repay each Note on or prior to maturity. 

ClearThink
Financing 

On February 12, 2024,
the Company and ClearThink Capital LLC ClearThink entered into a (i) Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA and (ii) STRATA Purchase Agreement (the STRATA Agreement and together with the SPA, collectively, the ClearThink
Agreements ). 

SPA 

Pursuant to the SPA,
the Company agreed to sell, and ClearThink agreed to purchase, two (2) separate 12 convertible notes of the Company (the first such
note, the First Note Tranche, the second such note, the Second Note Tranche, and collectively, the ClearThink
Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 440,000 (each such ClearThink Note being in the amount of 220,000.00 and containing
an original issue discount of 20,000, resulting in the purchase price of each such ClearThink Note being 200,000.00), which are convertible
Common Stock. In addition, the Company agreed to issue 3,100,000 shares of restricted Common Stock (the Commitment Shares to ClearThink as additional consideration for the First Note Tranche and as an inducement for the Investor to enter into the STRATA Agreement; provided , however ,
that 2,500,000 shares of Commitment Shares will be returned to the Company if the Company, at its option, does not consummate the transactions
contemplated by the STRATA Agreement by not filing the Registration Statement on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
covering the resale of all securities issuable under each of the ClearThink Agreements (the Resale Registration Statement ). 

The First Note Tranche
was issued on February 12, 2024 and the Second Note Tranche shall be issued within three (3) days after the Company s filing of
the Resale Registration Statement. 

While any of the
securities issued or issuable under the SPA are outstanding, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any security,
or amendment to a security that was originally issued before the SPA Closing Date, with any term that the Investor reasonably believes
is more favorable to the Investor of such security or with a term in favor of
the Investor of such security that the Investor reasonably believes was not similarly provided to ClearThink in the ClearThink Note,
(i) the Company shall notify the Investor of such additional or more favorable term within one (1) business day of the issuance and/or
amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (i) such term, at Investor's option, shall become a part of the transaction
documents with the Investor (regardless of whether the Company complied with the notification provision herein). The types of terms contained
in another security that may be more favorable to the Investor of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing prepayment
rate, interest rates, and original issue discounts, conversion or exercise prices warrant coverage and pricing, commitment shares and
similar terms and conditions. 

The ClearThink Note contains a principal amount of
 220,000 (the Principal with guaranteed interest (the Interest at a rate of twelve percent (12 per calendar
year from the date of issuance. All Principal and Interest, along with any and all other amounts, shall be due and owing on November 12,
2024 (the Maturity Date ), with a lump-sum interest payment equal to 26,400 payable on the SPA Closing Date, which is added
to the principal balance and payable by the Company on the Maturity Date or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise, notwithstanding
the number of days which the Principal is outstanding. Unless the Investor elects to convert the Note into shares of Common Stock, Principal
payments shall be made in four installments, each in the amount of 50,000 commencing on the one hundred eightieth (180 th day anniversary following the SPA Closing Date and continuing thereafter each thirty (30) days for four (4) months thereafter. The ClearThink
Note may be prepaid in whole or in part as set forth therein and any amount of Principal or Interest on the ClearThink Note which is not
paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) twenty four percent (24 per annum (which shall be guaranteed and
applied to the balance due under the ClearThink Note upon an Event of Default (as defined in the ClearThink Note)) and (ii) the maximum
amount permitted under law from the due date thereof until the same is paid. 

Trillium Financing 

On February 15, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Trillium Agreement with Trillium Partners L.P. Trillium ), whereby the Company issued
and sold to Trillium (i) a promissory note (the Trillium Note in the aggregate principal amount of 580,000 (which includes
 87,500 of Original Issue Discount) (the Trillium Principal ), convertible into Common Stock, upon default, upon the terms
and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Trillium Note, and (ii) 4,000,000 restricted shares of Common Stock (the
 Commitment Shares ). 

Although the
 Trillium Agreement was dated and signed on February 15, 2024, it did not become effective
until the conditions set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 of the Trillium Agreement were
satisfied, which occurred on February 22, 2024 (the Trillium Closing Date ). 

The maturity date of the Trillium Note is January
15, 2025 (the Trillium Maturity Date and a one-time interest charge of ten percent (10 or 58,000 (the Trillium
Interest Rate shall be applied to the Trillium Principal on the date of issuance. The Company has the right to prepay the Trillium
Note in full at any time with no prepayment penalty. Accrued, unpaid Trillium Interest and outstanding Trillium Principal, subject to
adjustment, shall be paid in seven payments, each in the amount of 91,142.86 (a total payback to the Holder of 638,000). 

At any time following an Event of Default (as defined
in the Trillium Note), Trillium has the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of the Trillium Note into
fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the date of issuance, or any shares of capital stock
or other securities of the Company into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price determined
as provided herein (a Conversion ), provided, that such Conversion or Conversions do not result in Trillium beneficially
owning more than 9.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Pursuant
to the Trillium Note, beginning on the fifth month anniversary of the Issuance Date, and for the next six months after, the Company will
make a total of seven (7) equal monthly payments of 91,142.85. In the event that the Company defaults and misses a payment, then the
Investor will be able to do a default conversion. The conversion price (the Trillium Conversion Price is equal to
the lower of: (i) the Fixed Conversion Price of 0.03; (ii) the Variable Conversion Price (70 of the lowest trade for the twenty days
prior to conversion); and (iii) the Alternative Conversion Price (lowest price os any common stock during the period thirty days prior
to a default). The
Company agreed to initially reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock, 72,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the Reserve
Amount ), which Reserve Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Trillium Note. 

Under the terms of the Trillium Agreement, the Company
agreed to use its best efforts to effect the registration and the sale of the Commitment Shares and the Conversion Shares (collectively,
the Registerable Securities by filing with the SEC an amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-1 (as initially
filed with the SEC on November 3, 2023 as amended on December 15, 2023) with respect to such Registrable Securities. 

March 2024 Financing Walleye Opportunities Master
Fund Ltd. 

On
February 17, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Prior Agreement with Walleye Opportunities
Master Fund Ltd. (the March Investor for the sale of up to 4,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of senior convertible
promissory notes and warrants to acquire shares Common Stock. The initial closing under the Prior Agreement occurred on February 21, 2023,
when the Company issued to the March Investor (i) a senior convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 2,500,000 (the Existing
Note and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 29,434,850 shares of Common Stock (the Existing Warrant ). 

On March 25, 2024 (the Issue Date ),
the Company and March Investor entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the March Purchase Agreement ), whereby: (i)
the Company issued to the March Investor (a) a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of 666,666 (the March 2024 Note ),
and (b) a warrant initially exercisable to acquire up to 22,222,220 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.03 per share (the
 March 2024 Warrant and (ii) the parties agreed to amend and restate the Existing Note and Existing Warrant as discussed
below. 

March 2024 Note 

At any time on or after the Issue Date, the March
Investor shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding Conversion Amount (as defined in the March 2024 Note) into validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 0.03 per share, subject to adjustment as
set forth in the March 2024 Note. 

Interest accruing on the March 2024 Note is payable
to the March Investor in shares of Common Stock; provided, however, that the Company may pay any such interest in cash or in a combination
of cash and shares of Common Stock. The March 2024 Note bears interest at a rate of 5 per annum, as may be adjusted from time to time,
and matures on October 1, 2024 (the March Note Maturity Date provided, however, that the March Note Maturity Date may
be extended at the option of the Investor as provided in the March 2024 Note. 

The
Company shall have the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of the amount then outstanding under the March 2024 Note at any time.
Any redemption shall be made by the Company in cash at a price equal to the greater of (i) 120 of the Conversion Amount (as defined in
the March 2024 Note), and (ii) the product of (1) the Conversion Rate (as defined in the March 2024 Note) with respect to the Conversion
Amount being redeemed multiplied by (2) the greatest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any trading day immediately preceding the
date such redemption payment is made .
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the March 2024 Note, the Investor may require the Company to redeem all or any portion
of the March 2024 Note, regardless of whether such Event of Default has been cured. 

March 2024 Warrant 

The March 2024 Warrant (i) is exercisable for the
purchase of up to 22,222,220 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.03 per share, subject to customary adjustments, and (ii)
expires five years from the date of issuance. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

On the Issue Date, the Company and the March Investor
entered into a registration rights agreement (the RRA ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to file with the SEC, within
45 days after the Issue Date, a registration statement covering the resale of all securities issuable to the March Investor under the
March Purchase Agreement. 

Amended and Restated
Note 

In connection with
the March Purchase Agreement, the Company and March Investor amended and restated the Existing Note as set forth in that certain Amended
and Restated Convertible Note dated March 25, 2024 (the A R Note). At any time, the March Investor shall be entitled to convert
any portion of the outstanding Conversion Amount (as defined in the A R Note) into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 0.03 per share, subject to adjustment as set forth in the A R Note. 

Interest accruing
on the A R Note is payable to the March Investor in shares of Common Stock; provided, however, that the Company may pay any such
interest in cash or in a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock. The A R Note bears interest at a rate of 5 per annum and
matures on December 1, 2024 (the A R Note Maturity Date provided, however, that the A R Note Maturity Date may
be extended at the option of the as provided in the A R Note). 

The Company shall
have the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of the amount then outstanding amount under the A R Note at any time. Any redemption
shall be made by the Company in cash at a price equal to the greater of (i) 120 of the Conversion Amount (as defined in the A R
Note), and (ii) the product of (1) the Conversion Rate (as defined in the A R Note) with respect to the Conversion Amount being redeemed
multiplied by (2) the greatest closing sale price of our Common Stock on any trading day immediately preceding the date such redemption
payment is made. 

Amended and Restated
Warrant 

In
connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company and March Investor agreed to amend and restate the Existing Warrant as set forth in
that certain Amended and Restated Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated March 25, 2024 (the A R Warrant). The A R Warrant
is exercisable for the purchase of up to 22,222,220 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.03 per share, subject to customary
adjustments, and (ii) expires five years from the Issue Date . 

The Company accounted for
the above Convertible Notes according to ASC 815. For the derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the
derivative liability was initially recorded at its fair value and is being re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair
value reported in the statements of operations. 

For the warrants that were
issued with each tranche of funding, the Company uses a weighted-average Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to value the warrants
at inception and then calculates the relative fair value for each loan. 

The
Company deducts the total value of all discounts (OID, value of warrants, discount for derivative) from the calculated derivative liability
with any difference accounted for as a loss on debt issuance. For the three months ended
March 31, 2024, the Company recognized a total loss of the issuance of convertible debt of 252,376. 

The following table
summarizes the convertible notes outstanding as of March 31, 2024: 

Walleye Opportunities Fund 

Walleye Opportunities Fund 

Coventry Enterprises, LLC 

) 
 (1) 

GS Capital Partners 

Clearthink Capital Partners 

Trillium Partners LP 

Walleye Opportunities Fund 

Total 

) 

Less debt discount 

) 

) 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net 

(1) 314,284
 was repaid in cash, 146,430 was forgiven along with 50,000 of accrued interest. 

A summary of the
activity of the derivative liability for the notes above is as follows: 

Increase to derivative due to new
 issuances 

Decrease to derivative due to mark to market 

() 
 
 Decrease to derivative due to modification of
 conversion terms 

() 
 
 Balance at March 31, 2024 

Bart Fisher,
Director 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024
and 2023, the Company paid Mr. Fisher, 4,500 and 4,500, respectively, for director fees. 

Green Invest
Solutions Ltd. 

During September
2023, a 70,000 note was issued to Green Invest Solutions Ltd. which is managed by the same individuals as Clean-Seas Morocco. The loan
is considered to be short-term and is not accruing interest. 

Management
of Clean-Seas Morocco 

On occasion, management of Clean-Seas Morocco provides
funds to the company for general operations. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 706,642 and 549,946 was due to management,
respectively. There are no agreements and no interest rates applied. 

Note Payable 

Pursuant
to the Morocco Purchase Agreement, Clean-Seas paid an aggregate purchase price of 6,500,000 for the Morocco Acquisition, of which (i)
 2,000,000 was paid on the Morocco Closing Date and (ii) the remaining 4,500,000 is to be paid to EcoSynergie Group over a period of
ten (10) months from the Morocco Closing Date . To
date no additional payments have been made. 

F- 21 

Issued 

Cancelled 

Exercised 

Outstanding, December 31, 2023 

Issued 

Cancelled 

Exercised 

) 

Outstanding, March 31, 2024 

F- 22 

shares of Series B Preferred Stock and a consulting
fee of per month. The shares of Series B Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of the Company s
common stock (the Common Stock on January 1, 2023. 

The Company s Transfer Agent was instructed
to not issue the shares of Common Stock because of the ongoing dispute between the Company and Tucker regarding Tucker s ability
to perform under the Tucker Agreement due to, among other things, the action filed by the SEC against Profile Solutions, Inc., Dan Oran
and Tucker on September 9, 2022 in the United States District Court Southern District of Florida (Case No. 1:22-cv-22881) alleging, among
other things, that Tucker violated Section 17(a)(1) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and aided and abetted violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10-b5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Tucker is seeking, among other things, that the Company issue the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Tucker Agreement. The Company is contesting all of the allegations set forth in the Tucker Complaint.
On February 24, 2023, the Company removed the Tucker Litigation to the United States District of Nevada (Case No. 2:23-cv-00296) . 

On February 27, 2023, the Company
filed counterclaims against Tucker and its principal, Leonard Tucker (the Company Complaint ), wherein the Company sought
a judgment against Tucker declaring the Tucker Agreement unenforceable and invalid, as well as damages related to its claims for breach
of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, and breach of duty against both Tucker and its principal.
On March 10, 2023, the parties subsequently stipulated to stay the Tucker Litigation to attend binding arbitration. On January 31, 2024,
the arbitrator entered an interim award in favor of the Company related to a discovery dispute in the arbitration for the sum of 19,625.00. 

On January 25, 2024, the arbitrator
entered her decision (the Decision regarding the parties relative liability in the Tucker Litigation. Overall, the
Decision concluded that the Company substantially prevailed on its claims, counterclaims, and defenses in the Tucker Litigation. First,
the Decision concluded that the Company prevailed on its claim that the Tucker Agreement is invalid and unenforceable; and further concluded
that the Company prevailed against Tucker on each of Tucker s causes of action based on the Tucker Agreement, including Tucker s
claims for breach of contract, breach of the breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, specific performance, and
declaratory relief. Second, the Decision concluded no fraud or breach of duty with respect to Tucker and its principal; and further concluded
that Tucker may be entitled to retain the compensation paid by the Company for its services under an unjust enrichment theory, in an amount
to be determined. Based on the forgoing Decision, the arbitrator ordered the parties to the Tucker Litigation to submit supplementary
briefing regarding their respective available remedies. 

On April 15, 2024, the arbitrator
heard the parties arguments on the supplementary briefing regarding remedies and ruled (i) 100 of the shares issued to Tucker as compensation
under the Tucker Agreement be cancelled as a result of the Tucker Agreement being invalid and unenforceable and (ii) Tucker was entitled
to unjust enrichment damages in an amount equal to the monthly fee under the Tucker Agreement for the period of engagement until the Company
retained a licensed broker dealer to replace the services being performed under the Tucker Agreement. 

As a result of the arbitrator s decision with
respect to remedies, the 

Accrued expenses 

Loans payable 

Total Current Liabilities of Discontinued Operations: 

F- 24 

Prepaids and other assets 

Accounts receivable 

Loan receivable 

Trading securities 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Cash overdraft 

Accounts payable 
 
 (1) 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued expenses 

Convertible note payable, net of discount of 1,701,403 

Derivative liability 

Loans payable 

Related party payables 

Loans payables related party 

Liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities 

Economic incentive (Note 12) 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Mezzanine Equity: 

Series B Preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 2,000,000 shares authorized; 2,000,000 issued and outstanding 

Total mezzanine equity 

Stockholders' Deficit: 

Preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 4,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 

Series A Preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 2,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 

Series C Preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 2,000,000 shares authorized; 2,000,000 shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, 0.001 par value, 2,000,000,000 shares authorized, 682,463,425 shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock to be issued 

Additional paid-in capital 
 
 (2) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Non-controlling interest 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

For The Quarter Ended March 31, 2024 

As Reported 

Adjusted 
 
 As Restated 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross margin 

Operating Expenses: 

Consulting 

(1) 

Advertising and promotion 

Development expense 

Professional fees 

) 
 (1) 

Payroll expense 

Director fees 

) 
 (1) 

General and administration expenses 

(1) 

Total operating expense 

) 
 (1) 

Loss from Operations 
 
 ) 

) 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 
 
 ) 

(2) 
 
 ) 

Change in fair value of derivative 

(2) 

Loss on debt issuance 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Other expense, net 
 
 ) 

) 

Total other expense 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

Net loss before provision for income tax 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

Provision for income tax expense 

Net loss 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

Net loss attributed to non-controlling interest 

(3) 

Net loss attributed to Clean Vision Corporation 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 ) 

) 

Comprehensive loss 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

Loss per share - basic and diluted 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

(1) 

(2) 

 Correct amount for
minority October 2023 Note 

(3) 

shares of common stock. The shares were granted and expensed in prior periods. 

Subsequent to March 31, 2024, the shares
of Series B preferred stock were cancelled. 

Subsequent to March 31, 2024, GS Capital Partners,
LLC, converted and or principal and interest, respectively, into shares of common stock. 

Subsequent to March 31, 2024, Trillium Partners LP,
converted and or principal and interest, respectively, and an additional of fees, into shares of common
stock. 

On May 24, 2024, the Company issued a
convertible promissory note to Clearthink Capital Partners LLC in the aggregate principal amount of (which includes of
Original Issue Discount and expenses). Clearthink received restricted shares of Common Stock as Commitment Shares. 

On May 24, 20224, the Company granted shares
of common stock for services. 

On June 14, 2024, the Company issued a
convertible promissory note to Coventry Enterprises, LLC in the aggregate principal amount of (which includes of Original
Issue Discount). Coventry received restricted shares of Common Stock as Commitment Shares. 

On August 7, 2024, Coventry Enterprises, LLC, converted
 , into shares of common stock. 

F- 27 

Item 2:
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The information in
this report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact made in this report are forward
looking. In particular, the statements herein regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position are
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as believes, estimates, 
 could, possibly, probably, anticipates, projects, expects, 
 may, will, or should or other variations or similar words. No assurances can be given that
the future results anticipated by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements reflect management s
current expectations and are inherently uncertain. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize,
our actual results may differ significantly from management s expectations. Should one or more of these uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

You are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A
or, in the case of documents referred to or incorporated by reference, the date of those documents. 

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements, included herewith. This discussion should not be
construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that any conclusion reached herein
will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment
of our management. 

Company Overview
and Description of Business 

Overview 

Clean Vision is a
new entrant in the clean energy and waste-to-value industries focused on clean technology and sustainability opportunities. By leveraging
innovative technology, we aim to responsibly resolve environmental challenges by producing valuable products. Currently, we are focused
on providing a solution to the plastic waste problem by converting the waste (feedstock) into saleable byproducts, such as precursors
for new plastic products, hydrogen and other clean-burning fuels that can be used to generate clean energy. Using a technology known
as pyrolysis, which heats the feedstock i.e. , plastic) at high temperatures in the absence of oxygen, so that the material does
not burn, we are able to convert the feedstock into (i) clean fuels i.e. plastic pyrolysis oil, (ii) clean hydrogen (specifically,
the Company s branded clean hydrogen, AquaH , which trademark was issued by the USPTO on November 8, 2023 and published
on November 28, 2023), and (iii) carbon char. We intend to generate revenue from the following sources: (i) service revenue from the
recycling services we provide; (ii) revenue generated from the sale of commodities; (iii) revenue generated from the sale of environmental
credits; and (iv) revenue generated from the sale of equipment. Our mission is to aid in solving the problem of cost-effectively upcycling
the vast amount of plastic feedstock generated on land before it flows into the world s oceans. 

According
to analysis and projections reported by the EIA on June 14, 2023, it is estimated that while annual demand growth is expected to drop
from 2.4 million barrels per day mb/d due to a shift in focus to a clean energy economy, global oil demand will rise
by 6 from 2022 to 2028, reaching 105.7 mb/d. The EIA also estimates that upstream investments
in oil and gas exploration, extraction and production were on course to reach their highest levels since 2015, growing 11 year-on-year
to 528 billion in 2023. 

Additionally,
as stated in the Hydrogen Generation Market Research published by Allied Market Research in September 2022, the global hydrogen generation
market size was valued at 136.3 billion in 2021 and is expected to each 262 billion by 2031, growing at a CAGR of 6.8 from 2022 to
2031. The Hydrogen Generation Market Research explains that hydrogen plays a vital role in the chemicals and oil gas industry,
with major factors driving the hydrogen
generation market growth mostly due to ongoing unprecedented revolutions under the net zero emissions scenario, where global output of
hydrogen is expected to reach 200 metric tons in 2030 when it is estimated that around 70 of hydrogen production will be done through
low carbon technologies. It is anticipated that by 2050, the production of hydrogen will increase to roughly 500 metric tons and that
energy efficiency, electrification, renewable energy, hydrogen and hydrogen based fuels, and carbon, capture, utilization and storage
are some of the major technology pillars to decarbonize the world energy system. 

According
to the research and analysis by Argonne published in the Journal of Cleaner Production on November 1, 2023, plastics are important products
for the modern economy, reaching production of 367 and 56 million tons in the world and North America, respectively, in 2022. The Argonne
research also states that as of November 2023, the plastic industry relied heavily on fossil resources with data suggesting that 6 of
the global production of crude oil and natural gas liquids is devoted to the production of plastics and is expected to increase to 20 
in 2050, resulting in higher waste generation. According to Argonne, while recycling could reduce reliance on fossil resources and waste
generation in the plastic industry while converting post-use plastic into a resource, only 9 of the post-use plastic collected in the
United States is mechanically recycled due to diverse economic, technical environmental and regulatory barriers. 

25 

Further,
the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has suggested that global plastics use is projected to almost triple between
2019 and 2060, with estimates of an increase from 460 million tons to 1,231 million tons yearly. 

We
believe that in the near future, a significant growth sector of the economy will be in clean energy and sustainable products and services.
This belief was a key factor in our shift in our business focus in May 2020 and our acquisition of Clean-Seas, Inc. Clean-Seas ),
which became our wholly owned subsidiary on May 19, 2020. We believe that Clean-Seas has made significant progress in identifying and
developing its business model around the clean energy and waste-to-value sectors. 

Clean
Vision was established in 2017 as a company focused on the acquisition of disruptive technologies that will impact the digital economy.
The Company, which was formerly known as Byzen Digital Inc., changed its corporate name to Clean Vision on March 12, 2021. 

All operations are currently
being conducted through Clean-Seas. Clean-Seas acquired its first pyrolysis unit in November 2021 for use in a pilot project in India,
which began operations in early May 2022. On April 23, 2023, Clean-Seas completed its acquisition of a fifty-one percent (51 interest
in EcoSynergie, which changed its name to Clean-Seas Morocco, LLC on such date. Clean-Seas Morocco began operations at its pyrolysis facility
in Agadir, Morocco, in April 2023, which currently has capacity to convert 20 TPD of waste plastic through pyrolysis. 

Employees 

As of March 31, 2024,
we employed thirty-eight 38 individuals, of which none are part time. Seven (7) of our employees reside in India and eighteen (18) of
our employees reside in Morocco. 

Available Information 

All reports of the
Company filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or the Commission are available
free of charge through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, the public may read and copy materials filed by the Company
at the SEC s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may also obtain additional
information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

Our principal executive
offices are located at 2711 N. Sepulveda Blvd., Suite #1051, Manhattan Beach, CA 90266. Our telephone number is (424) 835-1845. 

Our common stock
is quoted on the OTCQB maintained by OTC Markets, Inc. under the symbol CLNV . 

26 

Results of
Operations 

Management s
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations MD A includes a discussion of the consolidated
results from operations of the Company and its subsidiaries for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Three Months
Ended March 31, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 

Revenue 

For the three months
ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized revenue of 49,692 and 0, respectively from our subsidiary Clean-Seas Morocco.
 Revenue from operations is generated from the processing of plastic waste material ("feedstock")
at our plant in Agadir, Morocco. The plastic feedstock is put through a pyrolysis system which applies pressure and heat, in the absence
of oxygen (no incineration), converting the plastic back to its petroleum form. The revenue was generated from selling the output product,
"pyrolysis oil," to a local oil and gas wholesaler in Morocco, called the "off-taker". We receive the plastic feedstock
in Agadir at 0 cost, but variable expenses include labor, land lease, and overhead such as insurance. 

Consulting
Expense 

For
the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, we had consulting expenses of 384,732 and 543,725, respectively, a decrease of 158,993
 or 29.2 . The
decrease is mainly due to a decrease in stock compensation expense. In the current year we issued stock for services for non-cash compensation
expense of approximately 74,000 compared to approximately 388,000 of stock compensation expense for preferred shares in the prior period. 

Advertising and Promotion 

For
the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, we
incurred advertising and promotional expense of 30,672 and 0, respectively, an increase of 30,372. The increase in the current period
is from a new marketing firm the Company engaged that we had not used in the prior period. 

Development Expense 

For
the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, we
incurred development expense of 28,515 and 0, respectively, an increase of 28,515. In the current period our expenditures for development
expense increased as we begin to work on projects in West Virginia. 

Professional Fees 

For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023,
we incurred professional fees of 271,091 and 415,746, respectively, a decrease of 144,655 or 34.8 . Our professional fees consist primarily
of legal and audit fees. In the current period we had a decrease of legal fees compared to the prior period. 

Payroll Expense 

For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023,
we had payroll expenses of 301,546 and 174,124, respectively, an increase of 127,422 or 73.2 . Payroll has increased due to both new
hires and to salary increases for some of our employees. In addition, we had 44,128 of payroll expense from Clean Seas Morocco. 

Director Fees 

For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023,
we had director fees of 13,500 and 74,500, respectively, a decrease of 61,000 or 81.9 . Our directors are compensated 4,500 per quarter.
In the prior period we issued shares of common stock for non-cash expense of 61,000. 

General and Administrative expense 

 For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023,
we had G A expenses of 338,955 and 249,947, respectively, an increase of 89,008 or 35.6 . In the current period we had G A
expense from Clean Seas Morocco and West Virgina of 38,863 and 13,323, respectively. 

Other Income and Expense 

For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and
2023, we had total other expense of 905,919 and 1,242,960, respectively In the current period we recognized 1,475,355 of interest expense,
of which 1,322,528 was amortization of debt discount, a loss on debt issuance of 252,376, a gain in the change in fair value of derivative
of 625,857, a gain on the extinguishment of debt of 196,430 and other expense of 475. In the prior period we recognized 427,656 of
interest expense, of which 409,442 was amortization of debt discount and a loss on debt issuance of 2,495,989. This was offset with
a gain of 1,680,685 for change in fair value of derivative. 

27 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2024
and 2023, was 2,168,657 (after deducting 53,596 for the non-controlling interest) and 2,701,002, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, we used 988,729 and 1,142,976 of cash used in operating activities. During the current
period, we incurred a net loss of 2,222,253, adjusted by 1,087,969 for non-cash items and 145,555 in
adjustments for changes in assets and liabilities. In the prior period we used 1,142,976 of cash in operating activities, which included
 1,680,455 for
non-cash items and 122,429 for operating activities. 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities 

During the three months ended March 31,
2024, we used 142,195 for the purchase of property and equipment. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we used 1,000,000 for
prepayment for the acquisition of Morocco-based EcoSynergie Group. 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we had
net cash received of 1,059,398. We received 1,176,500 of proceeds from convertible notes, 100,000 proceeds from the sale of Common
Stock, 83,318 from other notes payable. Cash received was offset by repayment of 314,285 of a convertible note payable and a cash
overdraft of 13,865. In the prior period we received 2,120,500 from a convertible note payable, 42,500 from a note payable, 5,000
from our CEO, and 335,000 from the sale of common stock. We repaid 10,000 of the loan owed to our CEO and 8,298 on other notes payable. 

Going Concern 

The Company s financial
statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern basis, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the three months ended March 31, 2024,
the Company had a working capital deficit of 11,577,670, an accumulated deficit of 37,000,557 and net loss of 2,168,657. The Company
has not yet established a source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating and has incurred net losses since inception. The obtainment
of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately,
to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The Company s ability to raise
additional capital through the future issuances of common stock and/or debt financing is unknown. 

The Company believes that
its current cash on hand will not be sufficient to fund its projected operating requirements for the next twelve months since the date
of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 

Management plans to continue
to implement its business plan and to fund operations by raising additional capital through the issuance of debt and equity securities.
The Company s existence is dependent upon management's ability to implement its business plan and/or obtain additional funding.
There can be no assurance that the Company s financing efforts will result in profitable operations or the resolution of the Company's
liquidity problems. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may include undue restrictions on our operations in
the case of debt or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders in the case of equity financing. These conditions and the ability
to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the
next twelve-month period since the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 

28 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on its
financial condition, changes in financial condition, sales or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures, or
capital resources that are material to an investment in its securities. 

Capital Raising
Transactions 

Proceeds from
Notes Payable 

We generated net
proceeds of 1,176,500 from the issuance of convertible notes during the three months ended March 31, 2024. 

Other outstanding
obligations at March 31, 2024 

Convertible
Notes Payable 

The Company had convertible
promissory notes aggregating 5,486,553 outstanding at March 31, 2024. The accrued interest amounted to approximately 334,000 as of
March 31, 2024. The convertible notes payable bear interest at rates ranging between 5 and 12 per annum. At March 31, 2024, none of
the convertible promissory notes have matured and are in default. 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

See the Company s
discussion under Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in its financial statements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller
reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information
under this Item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES 

During the quarter
ended March 31, 2024, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, using the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) developed
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms
and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent
all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no
changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2024 that have materially
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting 

29 

PART II - OTHER
INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

Presently, except as described below, there are not
any material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such proceedings
are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it. 

On January 30, 2023, Leonard Tucker, LLC Tucker ),
one of the holders of the Company s Series B Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock filed an action against the Company (the Tucker Litigation in the Second Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada
(Case No. CV23-00188) alleging breach of contract, breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, unjust enrichment, specific
performance and declaratory relief (the Tucker Complaint ). The Tucker Litigation arose from the 3-year Consulting Agreement
the Company entered into with Tucker on December 17, 2020 (the Tucker Agreement ), whereby Tucker agreed to perform certain
strategic and business development services to the Company in exchange for 2,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and a consulting
fee of 20,000 per month. The 2,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock automatically converted into 20,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock (the Common Stock on January 1, 2023. 

The Company s Transfer Agent was instructed
to not issue the shares of Common Stock because of the ongoing dispute between the Company and Tucker regarding Tucker s ability
to perform under the Tucker Agreement due to, among other things, the action filed by the SEC against Profile Solutions, Inc., Dan Oran
and Tucker on September 9, 2022 in the United States District Court Southern District of Florida (Case No. 1:22-cv-22881) alleging, among
other things, that Tucker violated Section 17(a)(1) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and aided and abetted violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10-b5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Tucker is seeking, among other things, that the Company issue the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Tucker Agreement. The Company is contesting all of the allegations set forth in the Tucker Complaint.
On February 24, 2023, the Company removed the Tucker Litigation to the United States District of Nevada (Case No. 2:23-cv-00296) . 

On February 27, 2023, the Company
filed counterclaims against Tucker and its principal, Leonard Tucker (the Company Complaint ), wherein the Company sought
a judgment against Tucker declaring the Tucker Agreement unenforceable and invalid, as well as damages related to its claims for breach
of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, and breach of duty against both Tucker and its principal.
On March 10, 2023, the parties subsequently stipulated to stay the Tucker Litigation to attend binding arbitration. On January 31, 2024,
the arbitrator entered an interim award in favor of the Company related to a discovery dispute in the arbitration for the sum of 19,625.00. 

On January 25, 2024, the arbitrator
entered her decision (the Decision regarding the parties relative liability in the Tucker Litigation. Overall, the
Decision concluded that the Company substantially prevailed on its claims, counterclaims, and defenses in the Tucker Litigation. First,
the Decision concluded that the Company prevailed on its claim that the Tucker Agreement is invalid and unenforceable; and further concluded
that the Company prevailed against Tucker on each of Tucker s causes of action based on the Tucker Agreement, including Tucker s
claims for breach of contract, breach of the breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, specific performance, and
declaratory relief. Second, the Decision concluded no fraud or breach of duty with respect to Tucker and its principal; and further concluded
that Tucker may be entitled to retain the compensation paid by the Company for its services under an unjust enrichment theory, in an amount
to be determined. Based on the forgoing Decision, the arbitrator ordered the parties to the Tucker Litigation to submit supplementary
briefing regarding their respective available remedies. 

On April 15, 2024, the arbitrator
heard the parties arguments on the supplementary briefing regarding remedies and ruled (i) 100 of the shares issued to Tucker as compensation
under the Tucker Agreement be cancelled as a result of the Tucker Agreement being invalid and unenforceable and (ii) Tucker was entitled
to unjust enrichment damages in an amount equal to the monthly fee under the Tucker Agreement for the period of engagement until the Company
retained a licensed broker dealer to replace the services being performed under the Tucker Agreement. 

As a result of the arbitrator s
decision with respect to remedies, the Company paid Tucker the amount of 375, calculated as 20,000 fee owed to Tucker, minus the 19,625
awarded to the Company. 

30 

ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller
reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information
under this Item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

During the
three-month period ended March 31, 2024, the Company did not issue any shares not previously reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS
UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER
INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws effective March 4, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Convertible Amortization Note Issued on February 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2024) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2024) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Senior Convertible Note dated March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Note dated March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Fred Sexton effective January 17, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 23, 2024) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Clearthink Capital Partners, LLC dated February 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2024) 
 
 10.3 
 
 STRATA Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Clearthink Capital Partners, LLC dated February 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2024) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Trillium Partners L. dated February 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2024) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 
 32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 United States Code Section 1350, as enacted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

Date:
 October 21, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Daniel Bates 

Name:
 
 Daniel
 Bates 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

Date: October 21,
 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Rachel Boulds 

Name: 
 Rachel Boulds 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF 
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel Bates,
Chief Executive Officer of Clean Vision Corporation (the Registrant certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 of the Registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated: October 21,
2024 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel
 Bates 

Daniel Bates 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF 
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rachel Boulds,
Chief Financial Officer of Clean Vision Corporation (the Registrant certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 of the Registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated: October 21, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Rachel
 Boulds 

Rachel Boulds 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting
 Executive) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Clean Vision Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q/A for the three months ended March 31, 2024 as
filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel Bates, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec.1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
 at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: October 21,
2024 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel
 Bates 

Daniel Bates 
 Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal Executive) 

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Clean Vision Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q/A for the three months ended March 31, 2024 as filed
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Rachel Boulds, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec.1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at
the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: October 21, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Rachel
 Boulds 

Rachel Boulds 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting
 Executive) 

A signed original
of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature
that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Clean
Vision Corporation and will be retained by Clean Vision Corporation and furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 clnv-20240331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 clnv-20240331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 clnv-20240331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 clnv-20240331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

