<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_352825_0000352825-24-000217.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8234038</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112087</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1494321</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3066001</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1800639</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1579063</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000352825-24-000217.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107160147
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000352825-24-000217
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FOSTER L B CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000352825
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-METALS SERVICE CENTERS & OFFICES [5051]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				251324733
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10436
		FILM NUMBER:		241435395

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		415 HOLIDAY DR
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15220
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4129283431

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		415 HOLIDAY DR
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15220

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000352825-24-000217.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 fstr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fstr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 for the quarterly period ended 
 Or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 for the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State of Incorporation) (I. R. S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

L.B. FOSTER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX 
 Page PART I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements: 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 PART II. Other Information 
 38 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 38 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 38 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 38 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 38 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 39 
 Signature 
 40 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 L.B. FOSTER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable - net (Note 5) Contract assets - net (Note 3) Inventories - net (Note 6) Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment - net Operating lease right-of-use assets - net Other assets: Goodwill (Note 4) Other intangibles - net (Note 4) Deferred tax assets (Note 9) Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Deferred revenue (Note 3) Accrued payroll and employee benefits Current portion of accrued settlement (Note 13) Current maturities of long-term debt (Note 7) Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt (Note 7) Deferred tax liabilities (Note 9) Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value , authorized shares; shares issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, ; shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and , respectively 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock - at cost, and common stock shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total L.B. Foster Company stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 L.B. FOSTER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales of goods Sales of services Total net sales Cost of goods sold Cost of services sold Total cost of sales Gross profit Selling and administrative expenses (Gain) on sale of former joint venture facility ) Amortization expense Operating income Interest expense - net Other (income) expense - net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Net income Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to L.B. Foster Company Per share data attributable to L.B. Foster shareholders: Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 L.B. FOSTER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges, net of tax expense of 
 ) ) Reclassification of pension liability adjustments to earnings, net of tax expense of , , , and , respectively 
 Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Less comprehensive (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interest: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Amounts attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to L.B. Foster Company ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 L.B. FOSTER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Unaudited) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used in operating activities: Deferred income taxes ) ) Depreciation Amortization Equity in loss of nonconsolidated investments Gain on sales and disposals of property, plant, and equipment ) ) Stock-based compensation Loss on asset divestitures Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Contract assets ) Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) Other noncurrent assets ) Accounts payable Deferred revenue ) Accrued payroll and employee benefits ) Accrued settlement ) ) Other current liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment Capital expenditures on property, plant, and equipment ) ) Proceeds from business dispositions Acquisitions, net of cash acquired Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Repayments of debt ) ) Proceeds from debt Treasury stock acquisitions ) ) Investment of noncontrolling interest Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid (received) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 L.B. FOSTER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Pension liability adjustment Foreign currency translation adjustment Unrealized derivative loss on cash flow hedges ) ) Purchase of common shares for treasury 
 ) ) Issuance of common shares, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) Stock-based compensation Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Pension liability adjustment Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Unrealized derivative loss on cash flow hedges Purchase of common shares for treasury 
 ) ) Issuance of common shares, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 L.B. FOSTER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Pension liability adjustment Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Unrealized derivative loss on cash flow hedges ) ) Purchase of common shares for treasury 
 ) ) Issuance of common shares, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Investment of noncontrolling interest Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Pension liability adjustment Foreign currency translation adjustment Unrealized derivative gain on cash flow hedges Purchase of common shares for treasury 
 ) ) Issuance of common shares, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 L.B. FOSTER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Note 1. 

Correction of Immaterial Errors in Previously Issued Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 As previously announced in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on November 1, 2024, the Company identified an immaterial error related to the classification of of costs associated with exit of the bridge grid deck product line (the Bridge Exit that were erroneously excluded from the Company s Operating income, as reported in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company has corrected this immaterial error and other immaterial errors for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Total cost of sales Gross profit ) Selling and administrative expenses Operating income ) Other expense (income) - net ) ) 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Total cost of sales Gross profit ) Selling and administrative expenses Operating income ) Other expense - net 
 ) 

Note 2. 
 reporting segments: Rail, Technologies, and Services Rail ), and Infrastructure Solutions Infrastructure ). Effective for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2023, the Company made certain organizational changes that led to the conclusion that it will operate under reporting segments as opposed to the reporting segments it has operated under historically. As such, the Company has restated segment information for the historical periods presented herein to conform to the current presentation. The Infrastructure business comprises both the historic Precast Concrete Products and Steel Products and Measurement (since renamed Steel Products reporting segments. 
 
 Infrastructure Solutions Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net Sales Segment Operating Income Net Sales Segment Operating Income Rail, Technologies, and Services Infrastructure Solutions Total 
 Segment income from operations, as shown above, includes allocated corporate operating expenses. Allocated corporate operating expenses include costs associated with central services such as quality, logistics, environmental health and safety, information technology, insurance, and human resources. Other corporate functional costs that are associated with the operating segments are also allocated to the segments such as finance, marketing, credit and collections, and treasury functions. Operating expenses related to corporate headquarter functions were allocated to each segment based on segment headcount, revenue contribution, or activity of the 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 generating an gain on sale recorded in Cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 which has been included in the Infrastructure segment s operating income. 
 
 Certain corporate costs are separately managed on a consolidated basis and are not allocated to the operating segments. These corporate costs include public company costs such as listing fees, audit fees, compliance costs, and Board of Directors fees. Additionally, certain corporate executive management costs, including costs of the corporate executive leadership team, and corporate management stock-based compensation expenses are not allocated to the operating segments. Finally, interest expense, income taxes, and certain other items included in other income and expense which are managed on a consolidated basis are not allocated to the operating segments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold a former joint venture facility located in Magnolia, Texas generating a gain on sale recorded in (Gain) on sale of former joint venture facility which is included as a component of corporate operating income. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Gain on sale of former joint venture facility Interest expense - net ) ) ) ) Other income (expense) - net ) Public company costs ) ) ) ) Corporate executive management costs ) ) ) ) Corporate management stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Depreciation/Amortization: Total segment depreciation/amortization Corporate depreciation/amortization Depreciation/amortization Expenditures for Long-Lived Assets: Total segment expenditures for long-lived assets Corporate expenditures for long-lived assets Expenditures for long-lived assets 
 
 Infrastructure Solutions Unallocated corporate assets Total 
 
 On March 30, 2023, the Company sold substantially all the operating assets of its Chemtec Energy Services LLC Chemtec business for in proceeds generating a loss on sale, recorded in Other (income) expense - net for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Chemtec business was reported in the Steel Products business unit in the Infrastructure segment. 
 
 On June 30, 2023, the Company sold substantially all the operating assets of the prestressed concrete railroad tie business operated by its wholly-owned subsidiary, CXT Incorporated Ties ), located in Spokane, WA, for in proceeds, generating a loss on the sale, which was recorded in Other (income) expense - net for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Ties business was reported in the Rail Products business unit within the Rail segment. 
 
 On August 30, 2023, the Company announced the Bridge Exit which was reported in the Steel Products business unit within the Infrastructure segment. The decision to exit the bridge grid deck product line was a result of a weak bridge grid deck market condition and outlook due to customer adoption of newer technologies replacing the grid deck solution. The Company continues to operate its bridge forms product line which is a newer technology and not subject to the same challenging market conditions. The Bedford, PA based operations supporting the discontinued bridge grid deck product line expect to complete any remaining customer obligations during 2025. The discontinued product line had sales of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred an amount of exit costs, all of which were personnel expenses. The Company does not expect to incur additional material exit costs in the remainder of 2024. Cumulatively, the Company has incurred a total of in exit costs for the Bridge Exit, which included in inventory write-downs and in personnel expenses, both of which were recorded in Cost of goods sold, as well as in other exit costs, which were recorded in Selling and administrative expenses. The majority of such expenses were incurred in the last six months of 2023 and paid in early 2024. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 , subject to hold back amount equal to to be paid twelve months following the closing or utilized to satisfy post-close working capital adjustments or indemnity claims. Cougar has been included in the Precast Concrete Products business unit within the Infrastructure segment. 

Note 3. 
 Global Friction Management Technology Services and Solutions Rail, Technologies, and Services Precast Concrete Products Steel Products Infrastructure Solutions Total net sales 
 
 The majority of the Company s revenue is from products transferred and services rendered to customers at a point in time. The Company recognizes revenue at the point in time at which the customer obtains control of the product or service, which is generally when the product title passes to the customer upon shipment or the service has been rendered to the customer. In limited cases, title does not transfer and revenue is not recognized until the customer has received the products at a designated physical location. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Over time Total net sales Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Rail, Technologies, and Services Infrastructure Solutions Total Point in time Over time Total net sales 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Rail, Technologies, and Services Infrastructure Solutions Total Point in time Over time Total net sales Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Rail, Technologies, and Services Infrastructure Solutions Total Point in time Over time Total net sales 
 The Company s performance obligations under long-term agreements with its customers are generally satisfied over time. Over time revenue is primarily comprised of transit infrastructure and technology services and solutions projects within the Rail segment, precast concrete buildings within the Precast Concrete Products division in the Infrastructure segment, and long-term bridge projects and custom precision metering systems within the Steel Products division in the Infrastructure segment. Revenue under these long-term agreements is recognized over time either using an input measure based upon the proportion of actual costs incurred to estimated total project costs or an input measure based upon actual labor costs as a percentage of estimated total labor costs, depending upon which measure the Company believes best depicts the Company s performance to date under the terms of the contract, or an output method, specifically units delivered, based upon certain customer acceptance and delivery requirements. The use of an input or an output measure to recognize revenue is determined based on what is most appropriate given the nature of the work performed and terms of the associated agreement. 
 
 Accounting for these long-term agreements involves the use of various techniques to estimate total revenues and costs. The Company estimates profit on these long-term agreements as the difference between total estimated revenues and expected costs to complete a contract and recognizes that profit over the life of the contract. As a result of management s reviews of contract-related estimates the Company makes adjustments to contract estimates that impact our revenue and profit totals. Changes in estimates are primarily attributed to updated considerations, including economic conditions and historic contract patterns, resulting in changes to anticipated revenue from existing contracts. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, reductions to net sales stemming from changes in actual and expected values of certain commercial contracts and settlements of such contracts were ; there were such changes in actual or expected values during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Such adjustments were and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, including related to the Bridge Exit in both the three and nine month periods last year. The Company s estimates related to these long-term agreements are further described in Note 4 Revenue of the Notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Over time output method Total over time sales 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percentage of Total Net Sales 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Over time input method Over time output method Total over time sales 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings, and cash collections results in billed receivables, costs in excess of billings (included in Contract assets - net ), and billings in excess of costs (contract liabilities), included in Deferred revenue within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Net additions to contract assets Transfers from contract asset balance to accounts receivable ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The following table sets forth the Company s contract liabilities: 
 Contract Liabilities Balance as of December 31, 2023 Revenue recognized from contract liabilities ) Increase in billings in excess of cost, excluding revenue recognized Other adjustments ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The Company has established policies regarding allowance for credit losses associated with contract assets, which includes standalone reserve assessments for its long term, complex contracts as needed as well as detailed regular review and updates to contract margins, progress, and value. A standard reserve threshold is applied to contract assets related to short term, less complex contracts. Management also regularly reviews collection patterns and future expected collections and makes necessary revisions to allowance for credit losses related to contract assets. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately of remaining performance obligations, which are also referred to as backlog. Approximately of the September 30, 2024 backlog was related to projects that are anticipated to extend beyond September 30, 2025. 
 
 Note 4. 
 Cougar purchase accounting adjustment ) ) Foreign currency translation impact Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 of gross intangible assets for customer relationships with a weighted average amortization period of years. 
 
 The Company performs goodwill impairment tests annually during the fourth quarter, and also performs interim goodwill impairment tests if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount. Qualitative factors are assessed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, which included the impacts of current economic conditions, including but not limited to labor markets, supply chains, and other inflationary costs. However, these factors can be unpredictable and are subject to change. No interim goodwill impairment test was required as a result of the evaluation of qualitative factors as of September 30, 2024. However, future impairment charges could result if future projections diverge unfavorably from current expectations. 
 
 ) Customer relationships ) Trademarks and trade names ) Technology ) Favorable lease ) ) 
 
 ) Customer relationships ) Trademarks and trade names ) Technology ) Favorable lease ) ) 
 
 Note 5. 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and an expense of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The changes in reserves for uncollectible accounts are net of recoveries of previous write-offs of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company established the allowance for credit losses by calculating the amount to reserve based on the age of a given trade receivable and considering historical collection patterns, bad debt expense experience, expected future trends of collections, current and expected market conditions, and any other relevant subjective adjustments as needed. Management maintains high-quality credit review practices and positive customer relationships that mitigate credit risks. The Company s reserves are regularly reviewed and revised as necessary. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Additions to the current period provision Write-off against allowance ) Recoveries of previous write-offs ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6. 
 
 Work-in-process Raw materials Inventories - net 
 
 Note 7. 
 Finance leases and financing agreements Total Less current maturities ) ) Long-term portion 
 
 On August 13, 2021, the Company, its domestic subsidiaries, and certain of its Canadian and United Kingdom subsidiaries (collectively, the Borrowers ), entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with PNC Bank, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Bank of America, N.A., and BMO Harris Bank, National Association. The Credit Agreement, as amended, modifies the prior amended revolving credit facility, on terms more favorable to the Company and extends the maturity from April 30, 2024 to August 13, 2026. The Credit Agreement provides for a , revolving credit facility that permits aggregate borrowings of the Borrowers up to with a sublimit of the equivalent of U.S. dollars that is available to the Canadian and United Kingdom borrowers in the aggregate. The Credit Agreement s incremental loan feature permits the Company to increase the available commitments under the facility by up to an additional subject to the Company s receipt of increased commitments from existing or new lenders and the satisfaction of certain conditions. On August 12, 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment to its Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment which added an additional tier to the pricing grid and provided for the conversion from LIBOR-based to SOFR-based borrowings. 
 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement, as amended, will bear interest at rates based upon either the base rate or SOFR rate plus applicable margins. The Credit Agreement includes financial covenants: (a) Maximum Gross Leverage Ratio, defined as the Company s consolidated Indebtedness (as defined in the Credit Agreement) divided by the Company s consolidated EBITDA, which must not exceed (i) to 1.00 for all testing periods other than during an Acquisition Period (as defined in the Credit Agreement), and (ii) to 1.00 for all testing periods occurring during an Acquisition Period, and (b) Minimum Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, defined as the Company s consolidated EBITDA divided by the Company s Fixed Charges (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which must be more than to 1.00. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the covenants in the Credit Agreement, as amended, and had outstanding letters of credit of approximately . 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8. 
 Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Denominator for basic earnings per common share Effect of dilutive securities: Stock compensation plans Dilutive potential common shares Denominator for diluted earnings per common share - adjusted weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 Note 9. 
 and , respectively, on pre-tax income of and , respectively, for an effective income tax rate of and ), respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of and , respectively, on pre-tax income of and , respectively, for an effective income tax rate of and ), respectively. 
 
 The Company s effective income tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the change in valuation allowance previously recorded against certain U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. When a change in a valuation allowance is recognized in an interim period, the change in valuation allowance resulting from current year income is included in the annual effective tax rate, and the release of valuation allowance supported by projections of future taxable income is recorded as a discrete tax benefit in the interim period. Accordingly, during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an income tax benefit of comprised of both a discrete tax benefit and change in the Company s estimated annual effective tax rate arising from the change in valuation allowance. The Company continued to maintain a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets related to operating loss carryforwards in certain U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 The Company regularly assesses the need for a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance is required to be established or maintained, when based on currently available information and other factors, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company has considered all evidence, both positive and negative, in assessing the need for a valuation allowance in each jurisdiction. 
 
 The positive evidence considered in evaluating U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets included the Company s cumulative financial income position over the previous three years, as well as the composition and reversal patterns of existing taxable and deductible temporary differences between financial reporting and tax. Based on its evaluation, the Company believed it was appropriate to rely on forecasted future taxable income to support its U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable; however, could be adjusted if negative evidence outweighs additional subjective evidence such as the Company s projections for growth. 

Note 10. 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to restricted stock awards and performance unit awards. As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation expense for awards that the Company expects to vest approximated . The Company will recognize this unrecognized compensation expense over the upcoming years through February 13, 2027. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 stock options are outstanding under either the Omnibus Plan or Equity and Incentive Plan and, as such, there was stock-based compensation expense related to stock options recorded for the September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Non-Employee Director Fully-Vested and Restricted Stock Awards 
 Since May 2018, non-employee directors have been awarded shares of the Company s common stock on each date the non-employee directors were elected at the annual shareholders meeting to serve as directors, subject to a vesting requirement. The Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors under the Omnibus Plan and, by amendment, under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, which permits non-employee directors of the Company to defer receipt of earned cash and/or stock compensation for service on the Board into deferred stock units. Non-Employee directors may elect to receive quarterly cash compensation in the form of fully-vested stock. During 2024, a Board member has elected to receive fully vested stock in lieu of cash compensation. 
 
 Restricted Stock and Performance-Based Stock and Share Units 
 Under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan and Omnibus Plan, the Company grants certain employees restricted stock and performance-based stock and share units. The forfeitable restricted stock awards granted generally time-vest ratably over a period, unless indicated otherwise by the underlying restricted stock award agreement. Performance unit awards are offered annually under separate long-term incentive programs, unless indicated otherwise by the underlying performance unit award agreement. Performance units are subject to forfeiture and will be converted into common stock based upon the Company s performance relative to performance measures and conversion multiples as defined in the underlying program. 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) Adjustment for incentive awards expected to vest ) Cancelled and forfeited ) ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Note 11. 
 and effective August 12, 2022 and August 31, 2022, respectively. The fair value of the interest rate swaps are based on market-observable forward interest rates and represents the estimated amount that the Company would pay to terminate the agreements. As such, the swap agreements are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the interest rate swaps were recorded in Other current assets when the interest rate swaps fair market value are in an asset position, and Other accrued liabilities when in a liability position within our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Total assets 
 
 The interest rate swap agreements that became effective August 2022 are accounted for as cash flow hedges and the objective of the hedges is to offset the expected interest variability on payments associated with the interest rate on our debt. The gains and losses related to the interest rate swaps are reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and included in Interest expense - net in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations as the interest expense from our debt is recognized. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized interest income of and , respectively, from interest rate swaps. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized interest income of and , respectively, from interest rate swaps. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12. 
 retirement plans that cover its hourly and salaried employees in the United States: defined benefit plan, which is frozen, and defined contribution plans. Employees are eligible to participate in the appropriate plan based on employment classification. The Company s contributions to the defined benefit and defined contribution plans are governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA and the Company s policy and investment guidelines applicable to each respective plan. The Company s policy is to contribute at least the minimum in accordance with the funding standards of ERISA. The Company maintains defined contribution plan for its employees in Canada. In the United Kingdom, the Company maintains defined contribution plans and a defined benefit plan, which is frozen. 
 
 On May 23, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved the termination of our frozen L.B. Foster Company Merged Retirement Plan (the US DB Plan and the Portec Rail Products (UK) Limited Pension Scheme (the UK DB Plan ). The transfer of plan assets and obligations to insurers and subsequent terminations are expected to be completed by December 31, 2024 for the US DB Plan and by June 30, 2025 for the UK DB Plan, subject to the finalization of agreements with insurance companies. 
 
 The Company s US DB Plan is underfunded as of September 30, 2024, and will require cash payments of approximately to to effectuate the termination. The estimated cash payments are subject to change due to changes in market conditions that can impact the return on plan assets that are held by the US DB Plan and the UK DB Plan. The UK DB Plan is fully funded as of September 30, 2024, and we do not expect any additional contributions to be required during the termination process. 
 
 These plans are discussed in further detail below. 
 
 United States Defined Benefit Plan 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss Net periodic pension cost 
 
 The Company has made contributions to its United States defined benefit plan of during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and expects to make total contributions of approximately during 2024. 
 
 United Kingdom Defined Benefit Plan 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service costs and transition amount Recognized net actuarial loss Net periodic pension income ) ) ) ) 
 
 United Kingdom regulations require trustees to adopt a prudent approach to funding required contributions to defined benefit pension plans. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company contributed approximately to the plan. The Company anticipates total contributions of approximately to the United Kingdom pension plan during 2024. 

Defined Contribution Plans 
 The Company sponsors defined contribution plans for hourly and salaried employees across its domestic and international facilities. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Canada United Kingdom 
 
 Note 13. 
 without pre-judgment interest, which began with a immediate payment, and with the remaining paid in installments over a period commencing on the effective date of the Settlement Agreement through December 2024 pursuant to a Promissory Note. Additionally, commencing in January 2019 and through December 2024, UPRR agreed to purchase and has been purchasing from the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, a cumulative total amount of of products and services, targeting of annual purchases per year beginning March 13, 2019, per letters of intent under the Settlement Agreement. During the third quarter of 2021, in connection with the Company s divestiture of its Piling Products division, the targeted annual purchases per year have been reduced to for 2021 through 2024. The Settlement Agreement also includes a mutual release of all claims and liability regarding or relating to all CXT pre-stressed concrete railroad ties with no admission of liability and dismissal of the litigation with prejudice. 
 
 The expected payment under the UPRR Settlement Agreement for the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2024 is , upon which the obligation for the Settlement Agreement will be satisfied. 
 
 Environmental and Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is subject to national, state, foreign, provincial, and/or local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. The Company s efforts to comply with environmental regulations may have an adverse effect on its future earnings. 
 
 On June 5, 2017, a General Notice Letter was received from the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA indicating that the Company may be a potentially responsible party PRP regarding the Portland Harbor Superfund Site cleanup along with numerous other companies. More than other companies received such a notice. The Company and a predecessor owned and operated a facility near the harbor site for a period prior to 1982. The net present value and undiscounted costs of the selected remedy throughout the harbor site are estimated by the EPA to be approximately billion and billion, respectively, and the remedial work is expected to take as long as years to complete. These costs may increase given that the remedy will not be initiated or completed for several years. The Company is reviewing the basis for its identification by the EPA and the nature of the historic operations of a Company predecessor near the site. Additionally, the Company executed a PRP agreement which provides for a private allocation process among almost PRPs in a working group whose work is ongoing and involves a process that will ultimately conclude a proposed allocation of liability for cleanup of the site and various sub-areas. The Company does not have any individual risk sharing agreements in place with respect to the site, and was only associated with the site from 1976 to when it purchased the stock of a company whose assets it sold in 1982 and which was dissolved in 1994. On March 26, 2020, the EPA issued a Unilateral Administrative Order to parties requiring them to perform remedial design work for that portion of the Harbor Superfund Site that includes the area closest to the facility; the Company was not a recipient of this Unilateral Administrative Order. The Company cannot predict the ultimate impact of these proceedings because of the large number of PRPs involved throughout the harbor site, the size and extent of the site, the degree of contamination of various wastes, varying environmental impacts throughout the harbor site, the scarcity of data related to the facility once operated by the Company and a predecessor, potential comparative liability between the allocation parties and regarding non-participants, and the speculative nature of the remediation costs. Based upon information currently available, management does not believe that the Company s alleged PRP status regarding the Portland Harbor Superfund Site or other compliance with the present environmental protection laws will have a material adverse effect on the , results of operations, cash flows, competitive position, or capital expenditures of the Company. As more information develops and the 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively. 
 
 The Company is also subject to other legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of its business. Legal actions are subject to inherent uncertainties, and future events could change management s assessment of the probability or estimated amount of potential losses from pending or threatened legal actions. Based on available information, it is the opinion of management that the ultimate resolution of pending or threatened legal actions, both individually and in the aggregate, will not result in losses having a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or liquidity as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 If management believes that, based on available information, it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss (or additional material loss in excess of any accrual) will be incurred in connection with any legal actions, the Company discloses an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss, either individually or in the aggregate, as appropriate, if such an estimate can be made, or discloses that an estimate cannot be made. Based on the Company s assessment as of September 30, 2024, no such disclosures were considered necessary. 
 
 Note 14. 
 , of which to be realized in 2024. 
 
 Infrastructure Solutions Corporate Total 
 
 There were restructuring costs incurred prior to the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company's restructuring expense relates to severance and an amount of legal costs. Of the total restructuring costs incurred for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was reported in Cost of goods sold and was reported in Selling and administrative expense. The Company expects approximately in additional restructuring costs associated with this program in total. 
 
 Restructuring costs Cash paid Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 is expected to be paid in 2024. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Many of the forward-looking statements provide management's current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Sentences containing words such as believe, intend, plan, may, expect, should, could, anticipate, estimate, predict, project, or their negatives, or other similar expressions of a future or forward-looking nature generally should be considered forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on form 10-Q are based on management's current expectations and assumptions about future events that involve inherent risks and uncertainties and may concern, among other things, the Company s expectations relating to our strategy, goals, projections, and plans regarding our financial position, liquidity, capital resources, and results of operations and decisions regarding our strategic growth initiatives, market position, and product development. While the Company considers these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory, and other risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company s control. The Company cautions readers that various factors could cause the actual results of the Company to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Among the factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are risks and uncertainties related to: a continuation or worsening of the adverse economic conditions in the markets we serve, including recession, the continued volatility in the prices for oil and gas, project delays, and budget shortfalls, or otherwise; volatility in the global capital markets, including interest rate fluctuations, which could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets on terms that are favorable to us; restrictions on our ability to draw on our credit agreement, including as a result of any future inability to comply with restrictive covenants contained therein; a decrease in freight or transit rail traffic; environmental matters and the impact of recently-finalized environmental regulations, including any costs associated with any remediation and monitoring of such matters; the risk of doing business in international markets, including compliance with anti-corruption and bribery laws, foreign currency fluctuations and inflation, global shipping disruptions, and trade restrictions or embargoes; our ability to effectuate our strategy, including cost reduction initiatives, and our ability to effectively integrate acquired businesses or to divest businesses, such as the recent dispositions of the Track Components, Chemtec, and Ties businesses, and acquisitions of the Skratch Enterprises Ltd., Intelligent Video Ltd., VanHooseCo Precast LLC, and Cougar Mountain Precast, LLC businesses and to realize anticipated benefits; costs of and impacts associated with shareholder activism; the timeliness and availability of materials from our major suppliers, as well as the impact on our access to supplies of customer preferences as to the origin of such supplies, such as customers concerns about conflict minerals; labor disputes; cybersecurity risks such as data security breaches, malware, ransomware, hacking, and identity theft, which could disrupt our business and may result in misuse or misappropriation of confidential or proprietary information, and could result in the disruption or damage to our systems, increased costs and losses, or an adverse effect to our reputation, business or financial condition; the continuing effectiveness of our ongoing implementation of an enterprise resource planning system; changes in current accounting estimates and their ultimate outcomes; the adequacy of internal and external sources of funds to meet financing needs, including our ability to negotiate any additional necessary amendments to our credit agreement or the terms of any new credit agreement, the Company s ability to manage its working capital requirements and indebtedness; domestic and international taxes, including estimates that may impact taxes; domestic and foreign government regulations, including tariffs; our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting ICFR and disclosure controls and procedures, including our ability to remediate any existing material weakness in our ICFR and the timing of any such remediation, as well as our ability to reestablish effective disclosure controls and procedures; the results of the UK s 2024 parliamentary election, uncertainties related to the U.S. 2024 Presidential election and any corresponding changes to policy or other changes that could affect UK or U.S. business conditions; other geopolitical conditions, including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, conflicts in the Middle East, and increasing tensions between China and Taiwan; a lack of state or federal funding for new infrastructure projects; an increase in manufacturing or material costs; the loss of future revenues from current customers; any future global health crises, and the related social, regulatory, and economic impacts and the response thereto by the Company, our employees, our customers, and national, state, or local governments, including any governmental travel restrictions; and risks inherent in litigation and the outcome of litigation and product warranty claims. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements prove incorrect, actual outcomes could vary materially from those indicated. Significant risks and uncertainties that may affect the operations, performance, and results of the Company s business and forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023, as amended on November 1, 2024, or as updated and/or amended by our other current or periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 The forward-looking statements in this report are made as of the date of this report and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except as required by the federal securities laws. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Correction of Immaterial Errors in Previously Issued Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we have revised our previously issued Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to correct certain immaterial errors. As a result, we have also revised certain previously reported financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 in this Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations including, but not limited to, information within the Results of Operations section to conform the discussion with the appropriate revised amounts. Refer to Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) - Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 1. Basis of Presentation as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A as filed with the SEC on November 1, 2024 for additional information related to the correction of these immaterial errors. 
 General Overview and Business Update 
 L.B. Foster Company is a global technology solutions provider of engineered, manufactured products and services that builds and supports infrastructure. The Company s innovative engineering and product development solutions address the safety, reliability, and performance needs of its customers most challenging requirements. The Company maintains locations in North America, South America, Europe, and Asia. 
 
 The Company is organized and operates in two reporting segments: Rail, Technologies, and Services Rail ), and Infrastructure Solutions Infrastructure ). Effective for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2023, the Company made certain organizational changes that led to the conclusion that it will operate under two reporting segments as opposed to the three reporting segments it has operated under historically. As such, the Company has restated segment information for the historical periods presented herein to conform to the current presentation. The Infrastructure business comprises both the historic Precast Concrete Products and Steel Products and Measurement (since renamed Steel Products reporting segments. 
 Acquisitions, Divestitures, and Product Line Exit 
 On March 30, 2023, the Company sold substantially all the operating assets of its Chemtec Energy Services LLC Chemtec business for 5,344 in proceeds generating a 2,065 loss on sale, recorded in Other expense (income) - net for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Chemtec business was reported in the Steel Products business unit in the Infrastructure segment. 
 
 On June 30, 2023, the Company sold substantially all the operating assets of the prestressed concrete railroad tie business operated by its wholly-owned subsidiary, CXT Incorporated Ties ), located in Spokane, WA, for 2,362 in proceeds, generating a 1,009 loss on the sale, which was recorded in Other expense (income) - net for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Ties business was reported in the Rail Products business unit within the Rail segment. 
 
 On August 30, 2023, the Company announced the discontinuation of its Bridge Products grid deck product line Bridge Exit which was reported in the Steel Products business unit within the Infrastructure segment. The decision to exit the bridge grid deck product line was a result of a weak bridge grid deck market condition and outlook due to customer adoption of newer technologies replacing the grid deck solution. The Company continues to operate its bridge forms product line which is a newer technology and not subject to the same challenging market conditions. The Bedford, PA based operations supporting the discontinued product line expect to complete any remaining customer obligations during 2025. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the discontinued product line had 921 and 283 in sales, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the discontinued product line had 2,888 and 3,749 in sales, respectively. 
 
 On November 17, 2023, the Company acquired the operating assets of Caldwell, Idaho based Cougar Mountain Precast, LLC Cougar ), a licensed manufacturer and seller of Redi-Rock products for 1,644, subject to hold back amount equal to 160 to be paid twelve months following the closing or utilized to satisfy post-close working capital adjustments or indemnity claims. Cougar has been included in the Precast Concrete Products business unit within the Infrastructure segment. 

26 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Third Quarter 2024 Compared to Third Quarter 2023 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Net sales 137,466 145,345 (7,879) Gross profit 32,758 27,417 5,341 Gross profit margin 23.8 18.9 490 bps Expenses: Selling and administrative expenses 24,289 24,421 (132) Selling and administrative expenses as a percent of sales 
 17.7 16.8 90 bps Amortization expense 1,146 1,379 (233) Operating income 7,323 1,617 5,706 Operating income margin 5.3 1.1 420 bps Interest expense - net 1,358 1,442 (84) Other income - net (188) (151) (37) Income before income taxes 6,153 326 5,827 Income tax benefit (29,745) (121) (29,624) Net income 35,898 447 35,451 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (7) (68) 61 Net income attributable to L.B. Foster Company 35,905 515 35,390 Diluted earnings per common share 3.27 0.05 3.22 
 
 Results Summary 
 Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 7,879, or 5.4 , from the prior year quarter. The decrease in sales was driven by organic sales declines in the Rail and Infrastructure segments. Additionally, net sales for the third quarter of 2023 included an adverse impact from the Bridge Exit related to long-term contract changes within the Infrastructure segment. This impact reduced sales in the three months ended September 30, 2023 by 1,977 and gross profit by 3,051. 
 
 Gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 5,341, or 19.5 , over the prior year quarter and gross profit margins increased by 490 basis points. The improvement in gross profit was due to prior year reductions in gross profit, which included reductions of 3,051 related to changes in expected value of certain commercial projects and 807 of exit costs both associated with the Bridge Exit in the Infrastructure segment. Additionally, the improvement in gross profit was attributed to portfolio transformation activities along with improved product mix. 
 
 Selling and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 132, or 0.5 , from the prior year quarter. The decrease in selling and administrative expenses was due to 817 in lower employment costs and 732 in lower bad debt expense, partially offset by 422 in higher legal costs associated with a resolved matter and 840 in restructuring costs. 
 
 Net interest expense decreased 84 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year quarter. The Company s outstanding debt balance was 68,544 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 71,689 as of September 30, 2023. 
 
 Other income - net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 188 compared to other income - net for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 151. 
 
 The Company s effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was (483.4 ), compared to (37.1 in the prior year quarter. The Company s effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to a 30,045 income tax benefit comprised of both a discrete tax benefit and change in the Company's estimated annual effective tax rate arising from a change in valuation allowance previously recorded against certain U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets, including those related to net operating loss carryforwards. The Company continued to maintain a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carryforwards in certain U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Net income attributable to the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 35,390, or 3.22 per diluted share, over the prior year quarter, primarily due to a change in income tax benefit of 29,624 that was driven by a favorable tax valuation allowance adjustment; the balance of the increase was driven primarily by gross profit improvement. 
 
 Results of Operations - Segment Analysis 
 
 Rail, Technologies, and Services 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Net sales 79,498 86,866 (7,368) (8.5) Gross profit 18,471 17,229 1,242 7.2 Gross profit margin 23.2 19.8 340 bps 17.1 Segment operating income 4,933 3,866 1,067 27.6 Segment operating income margin 6.2 4.5 170 bps 39.4 
 Note percentages may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 The Rail segment sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 7,368, or 8.5 , compared to the prior year quarter, all of which represented a decrease in organic sales. Rail Products sales decreased by 12,695 due to overall weaker domestic market conditions. Despite overall weaker market conditions, Global Friction Management sales increased 3,423, driven primarily by an improvement in domestic sales. Technology Services and Solutions sales increased by 1,904 due to improvement in United Kingdom UK markets, as well as continued strength in the domestic rail safety markets served. 
 
 The Rail segment gross profit increased by 1,242, or 7.2 , compared to the prior year quarter, and gross profit margins increased 340 basis points to 23.2 . The improvement in gross profit was driven by higher volumes and improved mix in Global Friction Management and Technology Services and Solutions which improved by 2,521 and 1,944, respectively, over the prior year quarter. This was partially offset by Rail Products, which decreased by 3,223 from the prior year quarter due to overall weaker domestic market conditions. 
 
 Segment operating income increased 1,067 compared to the prior year quarter, and operating income margins improved 170 basis points to 6.2 . The improvement was driven primarily by expanded gross profit, partially offset by higher selling and administrative expenses. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred 610 in restructuring costs associated with its recent restructuring program, as well as a 407 increase in personnel expenses. These increases were offset by lower bad debt provision expense of 866 that was recorded in the prior year relating to a customer in the UK that filed for administrative protection. 
 
 During the current quarter, new orders within the Rail segment were 52,675, an increase of 2,857, or 5.7 , compared to the prior year quarter. The increase in new orders was attributable to a 5,141 increase in Rail Products orders, as well as an increase of 6,041 in Global Friction Management orders, partially offset by a decline of 8,325 in Technology Services and Solutions as initiatives are scaled back in the UK market. Segment backlog as of September 30, 2024 decreased by 4,969, or 5.3 , compared to the prior year quarter. The decrease is attributed to the Technology Services and Solutions businesses decreasing 14,929 as we scale back initiatives in the UK market in line with our strategy. This decrease was partially offset by an increase of 5,663 and 4,297 in Rail Products and Global Friction Management, respectively. 
 
 Infrastructure Solutions 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Net sales 57,968 58,479 (511) (0.9) Gross profit 14,287 10,188 4,099 40.2 Gross profit margin 24.6 17.4 720 bps 41.5 Segment operating income 5,110 799 4,311 Segment operating income margin 8.8 1.4 740 bps 
 Note percentages may not foot due to rounding. 
 Results of this calculation not meaningful. 
 
 The Infrastructure segment sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 511, or 0.9 , compared to the prior year quarter. The decrease in sales for the third quarter of 2024 was driven by the Steel Products business unit decreasing by 4,557 from the prior year quarter due to soft market conditions. Net sales for the third quarter of 2023 included an adverse impact from the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 exit of the bridge grid deck product line related to long-term contract changes within the Steel Products business. This impact reduced sales by 1,977 and gross profit by 3,051 during the third quarter last year. Sales in the Precast Concrete Products business unit increased by 4,046 driven by strong market demand. 
 
 The Infrastructure segment gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 4,099, or 40.2 , and gross profit margins increased 720 basis points. The increase in gross profit was due to the prior year having a 3,051 reduction in profitability related to changes in the expected value of certain commercial projects and 807 of exit costs associated with the Bridge Exit in the Steel Products business. Also contributing to the gross profit increase was a 360 basis point improvement in Precast Concrete Products margins. 
 
 Segment operating income for the third quarter of 2024 increased by 4,311 compared to the prior year quarter due to higher gross profit, including the comparative improvement from the unfavorable Bridge Exit impact of 3,858 in the prior year period, and lower amortization expense, while selling and administrative expenses were flat year over year. 
 
 During the third quarter, the Infrastructure segment had new orders of 43,298, a decrease of 7,147, or 14.2 , compared to the prior year quarter. This decrease was driven entirely by the Steel Products business unit, specifically the Protective Coatings business, which is currently experiencing constrained demand. Backlog as of September 30, 2024 decreased by 29,245, or 19.6 , versus the prior year quarter, driven entirely by Steel Products which decreased 30,836 overall, including a reduction of 4,533 related to the Bridge Exit, offsetting an increase of 1,591 in Precast Concrete Products. 
 
 Corporate 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Public company costs 1,327 1,371 (44) (3.2) Corporate executive management costs 839 760 79 10.4 Corporate management stock-based compensation 339 587 (248) (42.2) Other 215 330 (115) (34.8) Total unallocated corporate expenses 2,720 3,048 (328) (10.8) 
 Note percentages may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 Unallocated corporate expenses decreased 328 in 2024 compared with 2023, primarily due to a decrease in corporate management stock-based compensation. Corporate executive management costs increased due to a 422 expense for the resolution of a legal matter, partially offset by lower travel, entertainment and purchased services expenses. 
 Results of Operations 
 First Nine Months 2024 Compared to First Nine Months 2023 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Net sales 402,582 408,867 (6,285) Gross profit 89,447 83,335 6,112 Gross profit margin 22.2 20.4 180 bps Expenses: Selling and administrative expenses 71,977 70,360 1,617 Selling and administrative expenses as a percent of sales 17.9 17.2 70 bps (Gain) on sale of former joint venture facility (3,477) (3,477) Amortization expense 3,486 4,119 (633) Operating income 17,461 8,856 8,605 Operating income margin 4.3 2.2 210 bps Interest expense - net 3,976 4,404 (428) Other (income) expense - net (525) 2,782 (3,307) Income before income taxes 14,010 1,670 12,340 Income tax benefit (29,110) (99) (29,011) Net income 43,120 1,769 41,351 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (68) (125) 57 Net income attributable to L.B. Foster Company 43,188 1,894 41,294 Diluted earnings per common share 3.91 0.17 3.74 
 Results Summary 
 Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 6,285, or 1.5 , from the prior year period. The decrease in sales is due to divestitures and the Bridge Exit with a combined impact of of 12,234, or 3.0 , offset by organic sales growth of 5,949, or 1.5 . Organic sales growth was driven by the Rail, Technologies, and Services segment. 
 
 Gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 6,112, or 7.3 , over the prior year period and gross profit margins increased 180 basis points. The improvement in gross profit is due to the business portfolio changes in line with the Company s strategic transformation along with improved mix. The current year gross profit includes a 815 gain on the sale of an ancillary property within the Steel Products business unit. The prior year gross profit includes a reduction of 3,051 related to changes in expected value of certain commercial projects and 807 of exit costs associated with the exit of the bridge grid deck product line in the Steel Products business unit. 
 
 Selling and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1,617, or 2.3 , over the prior year period. The increase was due primarily to increased corporate legal costs of 1,173 associated with a resolved legal matter, 1,083 in professional services expenditures, including 783 associated with the announced enterprise restructuring, and 840 in restructuring expenses, partially offset by 1,065 in lower employment related costs and 645 in lower bad debt expense. 
 
 The 3,477 gain on sale of the former joint venture facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was attributed to the Company s facility and land in Magnolia, Texas. 
 
 Other income - net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 525 while other expense - net was 2,782 in the prior year period. Other expense - net for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due primarily to the 3,074 loss on the divestitures of Ties and Chemtec. 
 
 Net interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 428, or 9.7 , from the prior year period due to lower debt levels during the year. 
 
 The Company s effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was (207.8 ), compared to (5.9 in the prior year period. The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to a 30,045 income tax benefit comprised of both a discrete tax benefit and change in the Company s estimated annual effective tax rate arising from a change in valuation allowance previously recorded against certain U.S. federal and 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 state deferred tax assets, including those related to net operating loss carryforwards. The Company continued to maintain a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carryforwards in certain U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 Net income attributable to the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was favorable by 41,294, or 3.74 per diluted share, over the prior year period. The increase was due to an income tax benefit of 29,110 that is primarily associated with a favorable tax valuation allowance adjustment, the gain on sale attributed to the Company s facility and land in Magnolia, Texas, and an increase in gross profit, due in part to the unfavorable impact of 3,858 on gross profit from the Bridge Exit in the prior year. 
 
 Results of Operations - Segment Analysis 
 
 Rail, Technologies, and Services 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Net sales 247,715 242,866 4,849 2.0 Gross profit 54,917 51,704 3,213 6.2 Gross profit margin 22.2 21.3 90 bps 4.1 Segment operating income 17,212 13,231 3,981 30.1 Segment operating income margin 6.9 5.4 150 bps 27.5 
 Note percentages may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 The Rail segment sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 4,849, or 2.0 , compared to the prior year period. The increase was due to higher organic sales of 6,963, or 2.9 , partially offset by a 2,114, or 0.9 decrease from the divestiture of Ties. Technology Services and Solutions sales increased by 11,274 due to strength in domestic rail safety markets served, as well as improvement in United Kingdom markets. Global Friction Management sales increased by 1,384 driven by domestic markets served. Rail Products sales decreased by 7,809 driven by the divestiture of Ties and overall weaker domestic market conditions. 
 
 The Rail segment gross profit increased by 3,213, or 6.2 , compared to the prior year period, and gross profit margins improved 90 basis points. The Technology Services and Solutions business unit gross profit improved by 6,860 due to higher volumes and improved mix, including a 910 basis point improvement in the margins of our UK business. Higher Global Friction Management volumes resulted in an increase in gross profit of 1,882 from the prior year quarter. Rail Products gross profit decreased by 5,529 due primarily to market pricing pressure. 
 
 Segment operating income increased by 3,981, or 30.1 , compared to the prior year period, and operating income margins expanded 150 basis points. The increase was primarily driven by improvement in gross profit levels and lower selling and administrative expenses. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, new orders within the Rail segment were 253,412, an increase of 13,886, or 5.8 , compared to the prior year period. Rail Products had an 23,681 increase in new orders, including the impact of the Ties divestiture which reduced orders by 6,105. Global Friction Management orders increased 6,139 and Technology Services and Solutions business unit had a decline of 16,342 in overall orders as we scale back initiatives in the UK market in line with our strategy. 
 
 Infrastructure Solutions 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Net sales 154,867 166,001 (11,134) (6.7) Gross profit 34,530 31,631 2,899 9.2 Gross profit margin 22.3 19.1 320 bps 17.0 Segment operating income 7,345 3,232 4,113 127.3 Segment operating income margin 4.7 1.9 280 bps 143.8 
 Note percentages may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 The Infrastructure segment sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 11,134, or 6.7 , compared to the prior year period. The decrease in sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was attributable to the divestiture of Chemtec and the Bridge Exit, which decreased sales by 9,259 and 861, respectively. Organic sales decreased by 1,014, or 0.6 . 
 31 

Table of Contents 

The Infrastructure segment gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 2,899, or 9.2 . This increase in gross profit was due to the prior year having a 3,051 reduction in profitability related to changes in the expected value of certain commercial projects and 807 of exit costs associated with the Bridge Exit included in the Steel Products business. Also contributing to the gross profit increase was a 30 basis point improvement in Precast Concrete Products margins. Additionally, the increase in gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is due to an 815 gain on the sale of ancillary property offset by the divestiture of Chemtec which in the prior year period contributed 862 to gross profit. 
 
 Segment operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 4,113 from the prior year period. The improvement in segment operating income was due to higher gross profit, due in part to the unfavorable impact of 3,858 from the Bridge Exit in the prior year period, a 521 decrease in selling and administrative costs, and a 693 decrease in amortization expense. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Infrastructure segment had new orders of 145,939, a decrease of 38,056, or 20.7 , compared to the prior year period. The decrease was driven primarily by the Steel Products business unit due to short term constrained demand as well as a 4,742 impact associated with the divestiture of Chemtec and the Bridge Exit. 
 
 Corporate 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 (Gain) on sale of former joint venture facility 
 (3,477) (3,477) Public company costs 4,167 3,244 923 28.5 Corporate executive management costs 4,131 2,281 1,850 81.1 Corporate management stock-based compensation 1,818 1,735 83 4.8 Other 457 347 110 31.7 Unallocated corporate expense - net 7,096 7,607 (511) (6.7) 
 Note percentages may not foot due to rounding. 
 Results of this calculation not meaningful. 
 
 Unallocated corporate expense - net declined by 511 due to the gain of 3,477 on sale of former joint venture facility. This was partially offset by public company costs, which increased due to increased Board of Director and insurance costs as well as corporate executive management costs, which increased due to legal fees and professional services. 
 Restructuring 
 In August 2024, the Company announced the continuation of its enterprise restructuring program aligned with its long-term strategy to reduce costs and enable investment in its growth platforms. The restructuring action is expected to be completed in 2024, and is expected to provide annual run-rate pre-tax savings of approximately 4,500, 2,000 of which to be realized in 2024. 
 
 The following table sets forth restructuring costs by segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 Rail, Technologies, and Services 651 Infrastructure Solutions 63 Corporate 195 Total 909 
 
 There were no restructuring costs incurred prior to to the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company s 909 restructuring expense relates to severance and an immaterial amount of legal costs. Of the total restructuring costs incurred for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 69 was reported in Cost of goods sold and 840 was reported in Selling and administrative expense. The Company expects approximately 471 in additional restructuring costs associated with this program in total. 
 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of the beginning and ending restructuring liability balance through September 30, 2024: 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Balance as of June 30, 2024 Restructuring costs 909 Cash paid 767 Balance as of September 30, 2024 142 
 
 The majority of the remaining liability of 142 is expected to be paid in 2024. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company s principal sources of liquidity are its existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated by operations, and the available capacity under the revolving credit facility, which provides for a total commitment of up to 130,000, of which 59,707 was available for borrowing as of September 30, 2024, subject to covenant restrictions. The Company s primary needs for liquidity relate to working capital requirements for operations, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, payments related to the Union Pacific Railroad Settlement, tax obligations, outstanding purchase obligations, acquisitions, payments related to the termination of the L.B. Foster Company Merged Retirement Plan, restructuring payments, and to support the share repurchase program. The Company s total debt, including finance leases, was 68,544 and 55,273 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was primarily comprised of borrowings under its revolving credit facility. 
 
 The following table reflects available funding capacity as of September 30, 2024: 
 September 30, 2024 Cash and cash equivalents 3,135 Credit agreement: Total availability under the credit agreement 130,000 Outstanding borrowings on revolving credit facility (68,029) Letters of credit outstanding (2,264) Net availability under the revolving credit facility 59,707 Total available funding capacity 62,842 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants of the Credit Agreement and has 62,842 available funding capacity, subject to covenant restrictions. 
 
 The Company s operating cash flows are impacted from period to period by fluctuations in working capital needs, as well as its overall profitability. While the Company places an emphasis on working capital management in its operations, factors such as its contract mix, commercial and collection terms, collection patterns, and market conditions as well as seasonality may impact its working capital. The Company regularly assesses its receivables and contract assets for collectability and realization, and provides allowances for credit losses where appropriate. The Company believes that its reserves for credit losses are appropriate as of September 30, 2024, but adverse changes in the economic environment and adverse financial conditions of its customers may impact certain of its customers ability to access capital and pay the Company for its products and services, as well as impact demand for its products and services. 
 
 On May 23, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved the terminations of our frozen L.B. Foster Company Merged Retirement Plan (the US DB Plan and the Portec Rail Products (UK) Limited Pension Scheme (the UK DB Plan ). The transfer of plan assets and obligations to insurers and subsequent terminations are expected to be completed by December 31, 2024 for the US DB Plan and by June 30, 2025 for the UK DB Plan, subject to finalization of agreements with insurance companies. 
 
 The Company s US DB Plan is underfunded as of September 30, 2024, and will require cash payments of approximately 2,000 to 2,500 to effectuate the termination. The estimated cash payments are subject to change due to changes in market conditions that can impact the return on plan assets that are held by the US DB Plan and the UK DB Plan. The UK DB Plan is fully funded as of September 30, 2024, and we do not expect any additional contributions to be required during the termination process. 
 
 The changes in cash and cash equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (1,653) 15,310 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (3,953) 5,798 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 6,420 (21,121) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (239) 100 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 575 87 
 
 Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 1,653, compared to cash provided by operating activities of 15,310 during the prior year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net income and adjustments to reconcile net income from operating activities provided 22,264, compared to 16,850 in the prior year. Working capital and other assets and liabilities were a use of 23,917 in the current period, compared to a use of 1,540 in the prior year. The change in operating cash flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was largely driven by accounts receivable, which was a use of 12,976 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the 15,927 provided in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Order execution and collection timing can impact accounts receivables in any given quarter. 
 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 Capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 7,834 and 2,784, respectively. Capital expenditures in both periods primarily relate to general plant and operational improvements throughout the Company, as well as organic growth initiatives. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold the facility and land of its former joint venture in Magnolia, Texas and fixed assets associated with the Bridge Exit generating a cash inflow of 3,881. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 the Company received cash proceeds from the Chemtec and Ties divestitures totaling 7,706. 
 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company had an increase in outstanding debt of 12,162 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 in which the Company had a decrease in outstanding debt of 20,262. The increase in debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in cash used in operating activities due to higher working capital needs. The decrease in debt for the 2023 period was primarily due to cash provided by operations, as well as proceeds received from the Ties and Chemtec divestitures during the nine month period. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 15,000 of the Company s common stock in open market transactions. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company repurchased 196,768 shares of its stock for 4,330 under this program. Repurchases of shares of the Company s common stock may be made from time to time in the open market or in such other manner as determined by the Company. The timing of the repurchases and the actual amount repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the market price of the Company s shares, general market and economic conditions, and other factors. The stock repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 
 On August 5, 2024, the Board of Directors approved the modification of the Company s stock repurchase program. The modifications include revising the repurchase program expiration date from February 2026 to February 2025. Additionally, the Board of Directors removed the restriction which previously limited repurchases to 5,000 in any trailing 12-month period. The authorized repurchase amount was unchanged at 15,000. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has repurchased stock of 6,644, with 8,356 of the original 15,000 authorized remaining. Any repurchases will continue to be subject to the Company s liquidity, including availability of borrowings and covenant compliance under its revolving credit facility, and other capital needs of the business. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 3,135 in cash and cash equivalents and 59,707 of availability under its revolving credit facility, subject to covenant restrictions. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 2,368 of the Company s cash and cash equivalents were held in non-domestic bank accounts. 
 
 The Company s principal uses of cash in recent years have been to fund its operations, including capital expenditures, repurchase of shares, acquisitions, funding the UPRR Settlement Agreement, and service indebtedness. The Company views its short and long-term liquidity as being dependent on its results of operations, changes in working capital needs, and its borrowing capacity. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 On August 13, 2021, the Company, its domestic subsidiaries, and certain of its Canadian and United Kingdom subsidiaries (collectively, the Borrowers ), entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with PNC Bank, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Bank of America, N.A., and BMO Harris Bank, National Association. The Credit Agreement, as amended, modifies the prior amended revolving credit facility, on terms more favorable to the Company and extends the maturity from April 30, 2024 to August 13, 2026. The Credit Agreement provides for a five-year, revolving credit facility that permits aggregate borrowings of the Borrowers up to 130,000 with a sublimit of the equivalent of 25,000 U.S. dollars that is available to the Canadian and United Kingdom borrowers in the aggregate. The Credit Agreement s incremental loan feature permits the Company to increase the available commitments under the facility by up to an additional 50,000 subject to the Company s receipt of increased commitments from existing or new lenders and the satisfaction of certain conditions. On August 12, 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment to its Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment which added an additional tier to the pricing grid and provided for the conversion from LIBOR-based to SOFR-based borrowings. For a discussion of the terms and availability of the credit facilities, please refer to Note 7 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 To reduce the impact of interest rate changes on outstanding variable-rate debt, the Company amended and entered into SOFR-based interest rate swaps with notional values totaling 20,000 and 20,000, effective August 12, 2022 and August 31, 2022, respectively, at which point the agreements effectively converted a portion of the debt from variable to fixed-rate borrowings during the term of the swap contract. 
 
 Backlog 
 Although backlog is not necessarily indicative of future operating results, the following table provides the backlog by segment: 
 Backlog September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Rail, Technologies, and Services 88,663 84,418 93,632 Infrastructure Solutions 120,342 129,362 149,587 Total backlog 209,005 213,780 243,219 
 While a considerable portion of the Company s business is backlog driven, certain businesses, including the Global Friction Management business unit, are not driven by backlog and therefore have insignificant levels of backlog throughout the year. Backlog decreased 34,214 compared to the prior year quarter due to constrained demand in the Steel Products business unit, which declined 30,836, including 4,533 from a discontinued product line. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with US GAAP. The preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. The Company has concluded that there have been no significant changes to its critical accounting policies or estimates as described in its Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In accordance with SEC rules, the Company provides descriptions of the non-GAAP financial measures included in this filing and reconciliations to the most closely related GAAP financial measures. The Company believes that these measures provide useful perspective on underlying business trends and results and a supplemental measure of year-over-year results. The non-GAAP financial measures described below are used by management in making operating decisions, allocating financial resources and for business strategy purposes and may, therefore, also be useful to investors as they are a view of our business results through the eyes of management. These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered by the user in place of the related GAAP financial measure, but rather as supplemental information to our business results. These non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as similar measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items or events being adjusted. 
 
 References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to organic sales refer to sales calculated in accordance with GAAP, adjusted to exclude divestiture, exit, and acquisition-related sales. Management evaluates the Company s sales performance based on organic sales growth. Organic sales growth is a non-GAAP financial measure of sales growth (which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure), adjusted to exclude the effects of divestiture, exit, and acquisition-related sales from year-over-year comparisons. The Company believes this measure provides investors with a supplemental understanding of underlying sales trends by providing sales growth on a consistent basis. The Company reports organic sales growth at the consolidated and segment levels. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The Company defines new orders as a contractual agreement between the Company and a third-party in which the Company will, or has the ability to, satisfy the performance obligations of the promised products or services under the terms of the agreement. The Company defines backlog as contractual commitments to customers for which the Company s performance obligations have not been met, including with respect to new orders and contracts for which the Company has not begun any performance. Management utilizes new orders and backlog to evaluate the health of the industries in which the Company operates, the Company s current and future results of operations and financial prospects, and strategies for business development. The Company believes that new orders and backlog are useful to investors as supplemental metrics by which to measure the Company s current performance and prospective results of operations and financial performance. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are not a substitute for GAAP financial results and should only be considered in conjunction with the Company s financial information that is presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 A reconciliation of organic sales growth to its most directly comparable respective US GAAP financial measure is presented below. 
 Change in Consolidated Sales Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 2023 net sales, as reported 145,345 408,867 Increase (decrease) from divestitures and exit 638 0.4 (12,234) (3.0) Change due to organic sales (8,517) (5.9) 5,949 1.5 2024 net sales, as reported 137,466 402,582 Total sales change, 2023 vs 2024 (7,879) (5.4) (6,285) (1.5) 
 
 Change in Rail, Technologies, and Services Sales Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 2023 net sales, as reported 86,866 242,866 Decrease due to divestiture (2,114) (0.9) Change due to organic sales (7,368) (8.5) 6,963 2.9 2024 net sales, as reported 79,498 247,715 Total sales change, 2023 vs 2024 (7,368) (8.5) 4,849 2.0 
 
 Change in Infrastructure Solutions Sales Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 2023 net sales, as reported 58,479 166,001 Increase (decrease) due to divestiture and exit 638 1.1 (10,120) (6.1) Change due to organic sales (1,149) (2.0) (1,014) (0.6) 2024 net sales, as reported 57,968 154,867 Total sales change, 2023 vs 2024 (511) (0.9) (11,134) (6.7) 
 
 Note percentages may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 This item is not applicable to a smaller reporting company. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 L.B. Foster Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 30, 2024. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have identified the following unremediated material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 As discussed in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q/A for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Company concluded it did not design effective controls related to the accounting for, and disclosure of, non-recurring complex transactions. This material weakness resulted in a material error in the Company s previously issued Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which was subsequently corrected in the above mentioned amendments for the quarterly periods ending March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 
 Management s Remediation Efforts 
 In response to the material weakness described above, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, the Company will conduct more thorough and diligent accounting research and, when necessary, engage third-parties to assist with the accounting for, and disclosure of, non-recurring complex transactions. 
 
 The remediation efforts are intended both to address the identified material weakness and to enhance our overall internal control environment. The Company is committed to continuous improvement of its internal control over financial reporting and will continue to diligently review and enhance its internal controls, as necessary. The Company cannot be assured that the measures we have taken to date, or that we may take in the future, will be sufficient to remediate the material weakness we identified or avoid future material weaknesses. Accordingly, there could continue to be a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Other than the material weakness described above, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 13 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part 1 - Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The Company s purchases of equity securities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 Total number of shares purchased (1) Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (2) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 49,340 22.53 49,340 9,867 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 35,608 19.16 35,608 9,185 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 41,740 19.86 41,740 8,356 Total 126,688 20.70 126,688 8,356 
 
 1. During the current period, no shares were withheld by the Company to pay taxes upon vesting of stock. 
 2. On March 3, 2023, as amended on August 5, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 15,000 of the Company s common shares until February 2025. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 This item is not applicable to the Company. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Trading Arrangements 
 None of the Company s directors or officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, during the Company s fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 See Exhibit Index below. 
 
 Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.0 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Exhibits marked with an asterisk are filed herewith. 
 Exhibit represents a management contract or compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 L.B. FOSTER COMPANY (Registrant) Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ William M. Thalman William M. Thalman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer of Registrant) 
 
 40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 Certification under Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, John F. Kasel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of L.B. Foster Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s John F. Kasel Name John F. Kasel Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 Certification under Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, William M. Thalman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of L.B. Foster Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s William M. Thalman Name William M. Thalman Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 4
 ex-320q32024.htm
 EX-32.0

Document 
 Exhibit 32.0 

 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of L.B. Foster Company (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certify pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 7, 2024 s John F. Kasel Name John F. Kasel Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date November 7, 2024 s William M. Thalman Name William M. Thalman Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 fstr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fstr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 fstr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 fstr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 fstr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

