<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_108985_0000108985-24-000089.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4950575</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73152</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>930836</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1345444</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1378614</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1084812</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000108985-24-000089.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107093939
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000108985-24-000089
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			YORK WATER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000108985
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER SUPPLY [4941]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				231242500
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34245
		FILM NUMBER:		241433579

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 E MARKET ST
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17401-1219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7178453601

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 EAST MARKET STREET
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17401-1219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000108985-24-000089.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 THE YORK WATER COMPANY 10-Q 09-30-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the quarterly period ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from __________ to __________

Commission file number 

THE MPANY 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

The Global Select Market 

(Title of Class)

(Trading Symbol)

(Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
 Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or
 an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
 elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes

No

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

Common stock, No par value

Shares outstanding

 as of November 7, 2024

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I

Financial Information

Item 1. 

Financial Statements 

3 

Item 2. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

17 

Item 3. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

26 

Item 4. 

Controls and Procedures 

26 

PART II

Other Information

Item 5. 

Other Information 

26 

Item 6. 

Exhibits 

27 

Signatures 

28 

Page 2 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1. 

Financial Statements.

Balance Sheets (Unaudited)

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

Sep. 30, 2024

Dec. 31, 2023

ASSETS

UTILITY PLANT, at original cost

Plant acquisition adjustments

Accumulated depreciation

Net utility plant

OTHER PHYSICAL PROPERTY, net of accumulated depreciation

 of 
 in 2024 and 
 in 2023

CURRENT ASSETS:

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable, net of reserves of in 2024 

 and in 2023

Unbilled revenues

Recoverable income taxes

Materials and supplies inventories, at cost

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

OTHER LONG-TERM ASSETS:

Prepaid pension cost

Note receivable

Deferred regulatory assets

Other assets

Total other long-term assets

Total Assets

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

Table of Contents 

Page 3 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Balance Sheets (Unaudited)

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

Sep. 30, 2024

Dec. 31, 2023

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

COMMON STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY:

Common stock, par value, authorized shares,

 issued and outstanding shares in 2024

 and 
 shares in 2023

Retained earnings

Total common stockholders equity

PREFERRED STOCK, authorized shares, shares issued

LONG-TERM DEBT 

COMMITMENTS

CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Accounts payable

Dividends payable

Accrued compensation and benefits

Accrued income taxes 

Accrued interest

Deferred regulatory liabilities

Other accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

DEFERRED CREDITS:

Customers advances for construction

Deferred income taxes

Deferred employee benefits

Deferred regulatory liabilities

Other deferred credits

Total deferred credits

Contributions in aid of construction

Total Stockholders Equity and Liabilities

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

Table of Contents 

Page 4 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Statements of Income (Unaudited)

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

Three Months

 Ended September 30

Nine Months

 Ended September 30

2024

2023

2024

2023

OPERATING REVENUES:

OPERATING EXPENSES:

Operation and maintenance

Administrative and general

Depreciation and amortization

Taxes other than income taxes

Operating income

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES):

Interest on debt

Allowance for funds used during construction

Other pension costs

Other income (expenses), net

Income before income taxes

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net Income

Basic Earnings Per Share

Diluted Earnings Per Share

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

Table of Contents 

Page 5 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Statements of Common Stockholders Equity (Unaudited)

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

For the Periods Ended September 30, 2024
 and 2023

Common

 Stock

 Shares

Common

 Stock

 Amount

Retained

 Earnings

Total

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Net income

Cash dividends declared, per share

Issuance of common stock under

 dividend reinvestment, direct stock and

 employee stock purchase plans

Stock-based compensation

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

Net income

Cash dividends declared, per share

Issuance of common stock under

 dividend reinvestment, direct stock and

 employee stock purchase plans

Stock-based compensation

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Common

 Stock

 Shares

Common

 Stock

 Amount

Retained

 Earnings

Total

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Net income

Cash dividends declared, per share

Issuance of common stock under

 dividend reinvestment, direct stock and

 employee stock purchase plans

Stock-based compensation

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Net income

Cash dividends declared, per share

Issuance of common stock under

 dividend reinvestment, direct stock and

 employee stock purchase plans

Stock-based compensation

Balance, September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

Table of Contents 

Page 6 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

Nine Months

 Ended September 30

2024

2023

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Stock-based compensation

Increase in deferred income taxes 

Other

Changes in assets and liabilities:

Increase in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues 

Decrease in recoverable income taxes

Increase in materials and supplies, prepaid expenses, prepaid pension cost, 

regulatory and other assets 

Increase in accounts payable, accrued compensation and benefits, accrued
 expenses, deferred employee benefits, regulatory liabilities, and other deferred credits 

Increase (decrease) in accrued interest and taxes 

Net cash provided by operating activities

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Utility plant additions, including debt portion of allowance for funds used during

 construction of 
 in 2024 and 
 in 2023

Acquisitions of water and wastewater systems

Net cash used in investing activities

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Customers advances for construction and contributions in aid of construction

Repayments of customer advances

Proceeds of long-term debt issues

Debt issuance costs 

Repayments of long-term debt

Changes in cash overdraft position

Issuance of common stock

Dividends paid

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Cash paid during the period for:

Interest, net of amounts capitalized

Income taxes

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:

Accounts payable includes in 2024 and in 2023 for the construction of utility plant.

recorded as part of the MESCO, Inc. acquisition.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

Table of Contents 

Page 7 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Notes to Interim Financial Statements

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

wastewater customers with purchase price and acquisition costs of approximately , which is less than the depreciated original cost of the assets. The Company recorded a negative acquisition adjustment of and will seek approval from the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, or PPUC, to amortize the acquisition adjustment over the remaining life of the acquired assets. This
 acquisition is immaterial to Company results.

water customers with purchase price and acquisition costs of approximately , which is less than the depreciated original cost of the assets. The Company recorded a negative acquisition adjustment of and will seek approval from the PPUC to amortize the acquisition adjustment over the remaining life of the acquired assets. These customers were previously served by the
 Company through a single customer connection to the mobile home park. This acquisition is immaterial to Company results.

water customers with purchase price and acquisition costs of approximately . This acquisition is immaterial to Company results.

Table of Contents 

Page 8 

Other receivables

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts

Accounts receivable, net

Unbilled revenue

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024
 and 2023, respectively, and 
 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, is used to calculate both basic and diluted earnings per share. Basic
 earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus potentially dilutive shares. The dilutive effect of
 employee stock-based compensation is included in the computation of diluted earnings per share and is calculated using the treasury stock method and expected proceeds upon exercise or issuance of the stock-based compensation.

Effect of dilutive securities:

Employee stock-based compensation

Weighted average common shares, diluted

shares of the Company s common stock from time to time. The stock repurchase program has no specific end date and the Company may repurchase
 shares in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company may suspend or discontinue the repurchase program at any time. 
 shares were repurchased during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. As of September 30, 2024, shares remain authorized for repurchase. 

Table of Contents 

Page 9 

Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority Exempt

 Facilities Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series A of 2019, due 2036

Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority Exempt

 Facilities Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series B of 2019, due 2038

Senior Notes, due 2040

- York County Industrial Development Authority Exempt

 Facilities Revenue Bonds, Series 2015, due 2029 2045

Senior Notes, due 2049

Senior Notes, due 2050

Senior Notes, due 2053 

Senior Notes, due 2054

Committed Line of Credit, due September 2026

Total long-term debt

Less discount on issuance of long-term debt

Less unamortized debt issuance costs 

Long-term portion

aggregate principal amount of the Company s senior notes. The senior notes bear interest at per annum payable semiannually and mature on February 27, 2054. The senior notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company. The Company received net
 proceeds, after deducting issuance costs, of approximately . The net proceeds were used to refinance line of credit borrowings
 incurred by the Company as interim financing for various capital projects of the Company.

variable-rate debt issue to a
 fixed rate. Interest rate swaps are contracts in which a series of interest rate cash flows are exchanged over a prescribed period. The notional amount on which the interest payments are based is not exchanged. The interest rate swap provides that the Company pays the counterparty a fixed interest rate of on the notional amount of . In exchange, the
 counterparty paid the Company a variable interest rate based on of the U.S. Dollar LIBOR rate on the notional amount. The variable interest rate changed to 
 of the daily simple Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus a spread adjustment of basis points upon the discontinuance of LIBOR in
 2023. The intent is for the variable rate received from the swap counterparty to approximate the variable rate the Company pays to bondholders on its variable rate debt issue, resulting in a fixed rate being paid to the swap counterparty and
 reducing the Company s interest rate risk. The Company s net payment rate on the swap averaged ) and for the three months ended September 30, 2024
 and 2023, respectively, and ) 
 and for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2024 and 2023,
 respectively.

Table of Contents 

Page 10 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
 respectively, and ) and 
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The overall swap result was a (gain) loss of and ) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
 respectively, and and )
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company expects to reclassify before tax from regulatory assets to interest expense as a result of swap settlements over the next 12 months.

.

debt on utilities rated A- as of September 30, 2024. The use of the
 Company s credit rating resulted in a reduction in the fair value of the swap liability of as of September 30, 2024. The fair value of the swap reflecting the Company s credit quality as of December 31, 2023 is shown in the table below.

Table of Contents 

Page 11 

at September 30, 2024, and at December 31, 2023, had an estimated fair value of approximately 
 and , respectively. The estimated fair value of debt was calculated using a discounted cash flow technique that incorporates a
 market interest yield curve with adjustments for duration and risk profile. These inputs to this calculation are deemed to be Level 2 inputs. The Company recognized its credit rating in determining the yield curve and did not factor in third-party
 credit enhancements including the letter of credit on the 2008 Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority Series A issue.

and , respectively. At December 31, 2023, customers advances
 for construction and note receivable had carrying values of and , respectively. The relative fair values of these amounts cannot be accurately estimated since the timing of future payment streams is dependent upon several factors,
 including new customer connections, customer consumption levels and future rate increases.

to armor and replace the spillway of the Lake Williams dam, of which remains to be incurred as of September 30, 2024. 

The Company may make additional commitments for this project in the future. 

lead customer-owned service lines over from the date of the agreement. The tariff modification allows the Company to replace customer-owned
 service lines at its own initial cost. The Company will record the costs as a regulatory asset to be recovered in future base rates to customers, over a period. The cost for the customer-owned lead service line replacements was approximately and through September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , respectively, and is
 included as a regulatory asset. Based on its experience, the Company estimates that lead customer-owned service lines replacements will cost . 
 This estimate is subject to adjustment as more facts become available.

Commercial and industrial

Fire protection

Wastewater utility service:

Residential

Commercial and industrial

Billing and revenue collection services

Collection services

Other revenue

Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers

Rents from regulated property

Total Operating Revenue

Table of Contents 

Page 12 

. The utility service has no returns or warranties
 associated with it. No revenue is recognized from performance obligations satisfied in prior periods and no performance obligations remain unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period. A contract asset for unbilled revenue is recognized for
 the passage of time and the actual or estimated usage from the latest meter reading to the end of the accounting period. The methodology is standardized and consistently applied to reduce bias and the need for judgment.

municipalities within the service territory of the Company. The municipalities provide service to their residents and the Company acts as the billing and revenue
 collection agent for the municipalities. The transaction price is a fixed amount per bill prepared as established in the contract. There is no variable consideration. Due to the fact that both the billing performance obligation and the revenue
 collection performance obligation are materially complete by the end of the reporting period, the Company does not allocate the transaction price between the two performance obligations. The performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time
 when the bills are sent as the municipalities receive all the benefits and bear all of the risk of non-collection at that time. Each municipality is invoiced when the bills are complete and the invoice is due within . The billing and revenue collection service has no returns or warranties associated with it. No revenue is recognized from performance
 obligations satisfied in prior periods and no performance obligations remain unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period.

. The collection service has no
 returns or warranties associated with it. No revenue is recognized from performance obligations satisfied in prior periods and no performance obligations remain unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period. A contract asset for unbilled
 revenue is recognized for postings, shut offs, and restorations that have been completed from the last billing to the end of the accounting period.

Table of Contents 

Page 13 

and an annual increase in wastewater rates of . Effective March
 1, 2023, the PPUC authorized an increase in water rates designed to produce approximately in additional annual revenues and an
 increase in wastewater rates designed to produce approximately in additional annual revenues. 

of base rates and
 is reset to when new base rates that reflect the costs of those additions become effective or when a utility s earnings exceed a
 regulatory benchma rk . The Company s earnings are currently below the regulatory benchmark, thus allowing the Company to collect DSIC. The DSIC provided revenues of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
 and 2023, respectively. 

Interest cost

Expected return on plan assets

Amortization of prior service cost

Rate-regulated adjustment

Net periodic pension cost 

Table of Contents 

Page 14 

to its pension plans in 2024. Subsequently, the Company determined its maximum deductible
 contribution under the Internal Revenue Code is . The most recent rate order issued by the PPUC limited the deposit to the pension
 plans to the deductible amount. The Company is permitted by the rate order to expense pension costs to the extent of contributions and defer any remaining expense to regulatory assets or recognize the excess as a regulatory liability. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , contributions of have been made. The Company does t
 expect to contribute any additional amounts in the final quarter of 2024. 

shares

of common stock may be issued under the LTIP over the life of the plan. The maximum number of shares of common stock subject to
 awards that may be granted to any participant in any one calendar year is . Shares of common stock issued under the LTIP may be
 treasury shares or authorized but unissued shares. The LTIP will be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board, or the full Board, provided that the full Board will administer the LTIP as it relates to awards to non-employee directors
 of the Company. The Company filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2016 covering the offering of stock under the LTIP. The LTIP was effective on July 1, 2016. 

retiring key employee from 
 to that key employee s 2024 retirement date, which has been fully recognized as of March 31, 2024.

retiring officer from 
 to that officer s 2024 retirement date , which has been fully recognized as of September 30, 2024 .

beginning May 6, 2024, with the exception of the stock award to key employee which vested immediately. The Board accelerated
 the vesting period for this restricted stock award to retiring officer from to that officer s 2024 retirement date , which has been fully recognized as of
 September 30, 2024 .

Table of Contents 

Page 15 

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Nonvested at end of the period

and of stock-based compensation, respectively, and related recognized tax benefits of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
 the statement of income includes and 
 of stock-based compensation, respectively, and related recognized tax benefits of and , respectively. The total fair value of the shares vested in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Total stock-based compensation
 related to nonvested awards not yet recognized is at September 30, 2024 which will be recognized over the remaining 
 vesting period.

and ) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. The higher effective tax rates are primarily due to lower deductions from the TPR. The effective tax rate will vary depending on income before income taxes and the level of eligible asset improvements expensed for tax purposes under TPR each period. 

Table of Contents 

Page 16 

Item 2. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of

 Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

 (In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

Forward-looking Statements

Certain statements contained in this report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. Words such as may, should, believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan, objective and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
 statements. These forward-looking statements include certain information relating to the Company s business strategy and future prospects; including, but not limited to:

the amount and timing of rate changes and other regulatory matters including the recovery of costs
 recorded as regulatory assets;

expected profitability and results of operations;

trends;

goals, priorities and plans for, and cost of, growth and expansion;

strategic initiatives;

availability of water supply;

water usage by customers; and

the ability to pay dividends on common stock and the rate of those dividends.

The forward-looking statements in this report reflect what the Company currently anticipates will happen. What actually happens could differ materially
 from what it currently anticipates will happen and caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance upon such statements, which are based only on information currently available to the Company and speak only as of the date hereof. The
 Company does not intend to make a public announcement when forward-looking statements in this report are no longer accurate, whether as a result of new information, what actually happens in the future or for any other reason. Important matters
 that may affect what will actually happen include, but are not limited to:

changes in weather or climate, including drought conditions or extended periods of heavy precipitation;

natural disasters, including pandemics such as the outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus known as COVID-19 and its variants and the
 effectiveness of the Company s pandemic plans;

levels of rate relief granted;

the level of commercial and industrial business activity within the Company s service territory;

construction of new housing within the Company s service territory and increases in population;

changes in government policies or regulations, including the tax code;

the ability to obtain permits for expansion projects;

material changes in demand from customers, including the impact of conservation efforts which may impact the demand of customers for water;

changes in economic and business conditions, including interest rates;

loss of customers;

changes in, or unanticipated, capital requirements;

the impact of acquisitions;

changes in accounting pronouncements;

changes in the Company s credit rating or the market price of its common stock; and

the ability to obtain financing.

Table of Contents 

Page 17 

General Information

The primary business of the Company is to impound, purify to meet or exceed safe drinking water standards and distribute water. The Company also owns and
 operates three wastewater collection systems and ten wastewater collection and treatment systems. The Company operates within its franchised water and wastewater territory, which covers portions of 57 municipalities within four counties in
 south-central Pennsylvania. The Company is regulated by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, or PPUC, for both water and wastewater in the areas of billing, payment procedures, dispute processing, terminations, service territory, debt and
 equity financing and rate setting. The Company must obtain PPUC approval before changing any practices associated with the aforementioned areas.

Water service is supplied through the Company s own distribution system. The Company obtains the bulk of its water supply for its primary system for York
 and Adams Counties from both the South Branch and East Branch of the Codorus Creek, which together have an average daily flow of approximately 73.0 million gallons from a combined watershed area of approximately 117 square miles. The Company has two
 reservoirs on this primary system, Lake Williams and Lake Redman, which together hold up to approximately 2.5 billion gallons of water. The Company supplements these reservoirs with a 15-mile pipeline from the Susquehanna River to Lake Redman which
 provides access to an additional supply of 12.0 million gallons of untreated water per day. The Company obtains its water supply for its system for Franklin County from the Roxbury Dam on the Conodoguinet Creek, which has an average daily flow of
 approximately 26.0 million gallons from a watershed area of approximately 33 square miles. The Company has a reservoir on this system which holds up to approximately 330 million gallons of water. The Company also owns fifteen wells which are
 capable of providing a safe yield of approximately 923,000 gallons per day to supply water to the customers of its groundwater satellite systems in York, Adams, and Lancaster Counties. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s average daily
 availability was 41.1 million gallons, and average daily consumption was approximately 22.4 million gallons. The Company s service territory had an estimated population of 209,000 as of December 31, 2023. Industry within the Company s service
 territory is diversified, manufacturing such items as fixtures and furniture, electrical machinery, food products, paper, ordnance units, textile products, air conditioning systems, laundry detergent, barbells, and motorcycles.

The Company s water business is somewhat dependent on weather conditions, particularly the amount and timing of precipitation. Revenues are particularly
 vulnerable to weather conditions in the summer months. Prolonged periods of hot and dry weather generally cause increased water usage for watering lawns, washing cars, and keeping golf courses and sports fields irrigated. Conversely, prolonged
 periods of dry weather could lead to drought restrictions from governmental authorities. Despite the Company s adequate water supply, customers may be required to cut back water usage under such drought restrictions which would negatively impact
 revenues. The Company has addressed some of this vulnerability by instituting minimum customer charges which are intended to cover fixed costs of operations under all likely weather conditions.

The Company s business does not require large amounts of working capital and is not dependent on any single customer or a very few customers for a material
 portion of its business. Increases in revenues are generally dependent on the Company s ability to obtain rate increases from the PPUC in a timely manner and in adequate amounts and to increase volumes of water sold through increased consumption and
 increases in the number of customers served. The Company continuously looks for water and wastewater acquisition and expansion opportunities both within and outside its current service territory as well as additional opportunities to enter into bulk
 water contracts with municipalities and other entities to supply water.

The Company has agreements with several municipalities to provide billing and collection services. The Company also has a service line protection program on
 a targeted basis in order to further diversify its business. Under this optional program, customers pay a fixed monthly fee, and the Company will repair or replace damaged customer service lines, as needed, subject to an annual maximum dollar
 amount. The Company continues to review and consider opportunities to expand both initiatives.

Table of Contents 

Page 18 

Results of Operations

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared

With Three Months Ended September 30, 2023

Net income for the third quarter of 2024 was 5,863, a decrease of 1,705, or 22.5 , from net income of 7,568 for the same period of 2023. The primary
 contributing factors to the decrease were higher operating expenses, a lower allowance for funds used during construction, and higher income taxes, which were partially offset by higher operating revenues.

Operating revenues for the third quarter of 2024 increased 948 or 5.1 , from 18,767 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 19,715 for the
 corresponding 2024 period. The increase was primarily due to revenues from the distribution system improvement charge, or DSIC, allowed by the PPUC of 131. The DSIC allows the Company to add a charge to customers water bills for qualified
 replacement costs of certain infrastructure without submitting a rate filing. Growth in the customer base also added to revenues. The average number of water customers served in 2024 increased as compared to 2023 by 1,062 customers, from 71,521 to
 72,583 customers. The average number of wastewater customers served in 2024 increased as compared to 2023 by 567 customers, from 6,018 to 6,585 customers, primarily due to acquisitions. Total per capita consumption for the third quarter of 2024 was
 approximately 0.9 higher than the same period of last year.

Operating expenses for the third quarter of 2024 increased 1,326, or 12.8 , from 10,334 for the third quarter of 2023 to 11,660 for the corresponding
 2024 period. The increase was primarily due to higher expenses of approximately 353 for depreciation and amortization, 303 for wages and benefits, 203 for wastewater treatment, 153 for insurance, 140 for an increased allowance for uncollectible
 accounts, 101 for water treatment, and 78 for purchased power. Other operating expenses increased by a net of 169. The increase was partially offset by reduced fuel expenses of 174 for the prior year pumping of raw water from the Susquehanna
 River, not repeated this year.

Interest on debt for the third quarter of 2024 increased 393, or 21.2 , from 1,850 for the third quarter of 2023 to 2,243 for the corresponding 2024
 period. The increase was primarily due to an increase in long-term debt outstanding and higher interest rates upon issuance of the 5.67 Senior Notes. The average debt outstanding under the line of credit was 6,201 for the third quarter of 2024
 and 15,350 for the third quarter of 2023. The weighted average interest rate on the line of credit was 6.47 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and 6.42 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023.

Allowance for funds used during construction decreased 830, from 1,131 in the third quarter of 2023 to 301 in the corresponding 2024 period due to a
 lower volume of eligible construction.

Other pension costs for the third quarter of 2024 reflect decreased expense of 398 as compared to the same period of 2023 due to a lower contribution to
 the pension plans.

Other income (expenses), net for the third quarter of 2024 reflects decreased expenses of 17 as compared to the same period of 2023. Higher earnings on
 life insurance policies of approximately 7 were the primary reason for the increase. Other expenses decreased by a net of 10. 

Income tax expense for the third quarter of 2024 increased 519 as compared to the same period of 2023 due to lower deductions for the Internal Revenue
 Service, or IRS, tangible property regulations, or TPR. The Company s effective tax rate was 5.8 for the third quarter of 2024 and (2.2) for the third quarter of 2023.

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared

With Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023

Net income for the first nine months of 2024 was 15,183, a decrease of 2,562, or 14.4 , from net income of 17,745 for the same period of 2023. The
 primary contributing factors to the decrease were higher operating expenses, higher interest on debt, and a lower allowance for funds used during construction, which were partially offset by higher operating revenues and lower pension costs.

Table of Contents 

Page 19 

Operating revenues for the first nine months of 2024 increased 3,158, or 6.0 , from 52,935 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 56,093 for
 the corresponding 2024 period. The primary reason for the increase was a rate increase effective March 1, 2023. Growth in the customer base also added to revenues. The average number of water customers served in 2024 increased as compared to 2023
 by 955 customers, from 71,323 to 72,278 customers. The average number of wastewater customers served in 2024 increased as compared to 2023 by 528 customers, from 5,951 to 6,479 customers, primarily due to acquisitions. The increased revenues were
 partially offset by a 106 decrease from the DSIC. The DSIC reset to zero on March 1, 2023 when the new rate order took effect and began again in June 2024 for bills rendered after July 1, 2024. Total per capita consumption for 2024 was
 approximately 1.3 lower than the same period of last year. For the remainder of the year, the Company expects revenues to show a modest increase due to the DSIC and an increase in the number of water and wastewater customers from acquisitions and
 growth within the Company s service territory. Other regulatory actions, weather patterns, and economic conditions could impact results.

Operating expenses for the first nine months of 2024 increased 4,193, or 13.7 , from 30,568 for the first nine months of 2023 to 34,761 for the
 corresponding 2024 period. The increase was primarily due to higher expenses of approximately 870 for depreciation and amortization, 819 for wages and benefits, 748 for distribution system maintenance, 498 for wastewater treatment, 440 for an
 increased allowance for uncollectible accounts, 196 for purchased power, 154 for water treatment, 97 for insurance, and 67 for billing and revenue collection services. Other operating expenses increased by a net of 474. The increase was
 partially offset by reduced fuel expenses of 170 for the prior year pumping of raw water from the Susquehanna River, not repeated this year. For the remainder of the year, the Company expects depreciation and amortization expense to continue to
 rise due to additional investment in utility plant, and other expenses to increase as costs to treat water and wastewater, and to maintain and extend the distribution system, continue to rise. Weather patterns could further increase operating
 expenses.

Interest on debt for the first nine months of 2024 increased 1,508, or 29.9 , from 5,041 for the first nine months of 2023 to 6,549 for the
 corresponding 2024 period. The increase was primarily due to an increase in long-term debt outstanding and higher interest rates upon issuance of the 5.67 Senior Notes. The average debt outstanding under the line of credit was 9,252 for the first
 nine months of 2024 and 13,603 for the first nine months of 2023. The weighted average interest rate on the line of credit was 5.02 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 4.97 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Interest
 expense for the remainder of the year is expected to increase due to the increase in long-term debt outstanding.

Allowance for funds used during construction decreased 942, from 2,724 in the first nine months of 2023 to 1,782 in the corresponding 2024 period due to
 a lower volume of eligible construction. Allowance for funds used during construction for the remainder of the year is expected to decrease based on the completion of the Lake Williams dam project and a projected decrease in the amount of eligible
 construction.

Other pension costs for the first nine months of 2024 reflect decreased expense of 1,207 as compared to the same period of 2023 due to a lower
 contribution to the pension plans. No additional expense is expected to be recorded in 2024.

Other income (expenses), net for the first nine months of 2024 reflects decreased expenses of 102 as compared to the same period of 2023. Higher earnings
 on life insurance policies of approximately 90 was the primary reason for the decrease. Other expenses decreased by a net of 12. For the remainder of the year, other
 income (expenses) will be largely determined by the change in market returns and discount rates for retirement programs and related assets. 

Income tax expense for the first nine months of 2024 increased 386 as compared to the same period of 2023 due to lower deductions for the IRS TPR. The
 Company s effective tax rate was 8.9 for the first nine months of 2024 and 5.8 for the first nine months of 2023. The Company s effective tax rate for the remainder of 2024 will be largely determined by the level of eligible asset improvements
 expensed for tax purposes under the IRS TPR each period. The Company expects the effective tax rate to remain consistent with the first nine months for the remainder of the year.

Table of Contents 

Page 20 

Rate Matters

See Note 10 to the financial statements included herein for a discussion of rate matters.

Effective October 1, 2024, the Company s tariff included a DSIC on revenues of 1.14 .

The Company does not expect to file a rate increase request in 2024.

Acquisitions and Growth

On June 27, 2024, the Company signed an agreement to purchase the wastewater

 collection and treatment assets of CMV Sewage Co., Inc. in Chanceford Township, York County, Pennsylvania. Completion of the acquisition is contingent upon receiving approval from all required regulatory authorities. Closing is expected in the
 second half of 2025 at which time the Company will add approximately 280 wastewater customers.

On February 7, 2024, the Company signed an agreement to purchase the wastewater collection assets of Margaretta Mobile Home Park in Lower Windsor Township,
 York County, Pennsylvania. Completion of the acquisition is contingent upon receiving approval from all required regulatory authorities. Closing is expected in the second half of 2025 at which time the Company will add approximately 65 wastewater
 customers.

On July 17, 2023, the Company signed an agreement to purchase the wastewater collection and treatment assets of York Haven Sewer Authority in York Haven
 Borough, York County, Pennsylvania. Completion of the acquisition is contingent upon receiving approval from all required regulatory authorities. Closing is expected in the fourth quarter of 2024 at which time the Company will add approximately
 230 wastewater customers.

On May 23, 2023, the Company signed an agreement to purchase the Brookhaven Mobile Home Park water assets of ATG Properties, LLC in Hellam Township, York
 County, Pennsylvania. Completion of the acquisition is contingent upon receiving approval from all required regulatory authorities. Closing is expected in the fourth quarter of 2024 at which time the Company will add approximately 150 water
 customers.

On March 27, 2023, the Company signed an agreement to purchase the water assets of Pine Run Retirement Community in Hamilton Township, Adams County,
 Pennsylvania. Completion of the acquisition is contingent upon receiving approval from all required regulatory authorities. Closing is expected in the fourth quarter of 2024 at which time the Company will add approximately 100 water customers.

In total, these acquisitions are expected to be immaterial to Company results. The Company is also pursuing other bulk water contracts and acquisitions in
 and around its service territory to help offset any potential declines in per capita water consumption and to grow its business.

On May 10, 2017, the Company signed an emergency interconnect agreement with Dallastown-Yoe Water Authority. The effectiveness of this agreement is
 contingent upon receiving approval from all required regulatory authorities. Approval is expected to be granted in 2025 at which time the Company will begin construction of a water main extension to a single point of interconnection and either
 supply a minimum agreed upon amount of water to the authority, receive a payment in lieu of water, or provide water during an emergency, at current tariff rates.

Capital Expenditures

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company invested 32,993 in construction expenditures for armoring and replacing the spillway of the Lake Williams dam, wastewater treatment plant construction, as well as various replacements and improvements to infrastructure and routine items. The Company was
 able to fund construction expenditures using internally-generated funds, line of credit borrowings, proceeds from its stock purchase plans and customer advances and contributions from developers, municipalities, customers, or builders.

Table of Contents 

Page 21 

The Company anticipates construction expenditures for the remainder of 2024 of approximately 9,700 exclusive of any potential acquisitions not yet
 approved. In addition to routine transmission and distribution projects, a portion of the anticipated expenditures will be for completion of armoring and replacing the
 spillway of the Lake Williams dam and additional main extensions, as well as various replacements and improvements to infrastructure and routine items. The Company intends to use primarily internally-generated funds for its anticipated
 construction and fund the remainder through line of credit borrowings, proceeds from its stock purchase plans and customer advances and contributions. Customer advances and contributions are expected to account for between 5 and 10 of funding
 requirements during the remainder of 2024. The Company believes it will have adequate credit facilities and access to the capital markets, if necessary, during 2024 and 2025, to fund anticipated construction and acquisition expenditures.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash

The Company manages its cash through a cash management account that is directly connected to its line of credit. Excess cash generated automatically pays
 down outstanding borrowings under the line of credit arrangement. If there are no outstanding borrowings, the cash is used as an earnings credit to reduce banking fees. Likewise, if additional funds are needed beyond what is generated internally
 for payroll, to pay suppliers, to fund capital expenditures, or to pay debt service, funds are automatically borrowed under the line of credit. As of September 30, 2024, the Company borrowed 8,732 on its line of credit and incurred a cash overdraft
 on its cash management account of 1,366. The cash management facility connected to the line of credit is expected to provide the necessary liquidity and funding for the
 Company s operations, capital expenditures, and acquisitions for the foreseeable future. 

Accounts Receivable

The accounts receivable balance tends to follow the change in revenues but is also affected by the timeliness of payments by customers and the level of the
 reserve for doubtful accounts. In the three months ended September 30, 2024, higher revenue levels as compared to the three months ended December 31, 2023, resulted in an increase in accounts receivable customers. A reserve is maintained at a
 level considered adequate to provide for expected credit losses. Expected credit losses are based on historical write-offs combined with an evaluation of current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts including inactive accounts with
 outstanding balances, the aging of balances in payment agreements, adverse situations that may affect a customer s ability to pay, economic conditions, and other relevant factors applied to the current aging of receivables. Customer accounts are
 written off when collection efforts have been exhausted. If the status of the evaluated factors deteriorate, the Company may incur additional expenses for uncollectible accounts and experience a reduction in its internally-generated funds.

Internally-generated Funds

The amount of internally-generated funds available for operations and construction depends on the Company s ability to obtain timely and adequate rate
 relief, changes in regulations including taxes, customers water usage, weather conditions, customer growth and controlled expenses. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company generated 20,391 internally from operations as compared to the
 23,407 it generated during the first nine months of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to higher interest and income taxes paid.

Common Stock

Common stockholders equity as a percent of the total capitalization was 53.2 as of September 30, 2024, compared with 54.8 as of December 31, 2023. The
 Company expects to use long-term debt for its future financing needs and allow the debt percentage to trend upward until it approaches fifty percent before considering additional equity. It is the Company s general intent to target equity between
 fifty and fifty-five percent of total capitalization.

Table of Contents 

Page 22 

Credit Line

Historically, the Company has borrowed under its line of credit before
 refinancing with long-term debt or equity capital. As of September 30, 2024, the Company maintained an unsecured line of credit in the amount of 50,000 at an interest rate of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus 1.17 with an unused
 commitment fee and an interest rate floor. The Company had 8,732 in borrowings under its line of credit as of September 30, 2024. The interest rate on the line of credit borrowing as of September 30, 2024 was 6.37 . In the third quarter of
 2024, the Company renewed its committed line of credit and extended the maturity date to September 2026. No other terms or conditions of the line of credit agreement were modified. 

The Company has taken steps to manage the risk of reduced credit availability. It has established a committed line of credit with a 2-year revolving
 maturity that cannot be called on demand. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient lines of credit with favorable terms in the future. If the Company is unable to obtain sufficient lines of credit or to refinance its
 line of credit borrowings with long-term debt or equity when necessary, it may have to eliminate or postpone capital expenditures. Management believes the Company will have adequate capacity under its current line of credit to meet anticipated
 financing needs throughout 2024 and 2025.

Long-term Debt

The Company s loan agreements contain various covenants and restrictions. Management believes it is currently in compliance with all of these
 restrictions. See Note 6 to the financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information regarding these restrictions.

On February 27, 2024, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with certain institutional investors relating to the private placement of 40,000
 aggregate principal amount of the Company s senior notes. The senior notes bear interest at 5.67 per annum payable semiannually and mature on February 27, 2054. The senior notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company. The
 Company received net proceeds, after deducting issuance costs, of approximately 39,833. The net proceeds were used to refinance line of credit borrowings incurred by the Company as interim financing for various capital projects of the Company.

The Company s total long-term debt as a percentage of the total capitalization, defined as total common stockholders equity plus total long-term debt, was
 46.8 as of September 30, 2024, compared with 45.2 as of December 31, 2023. The Company expects to use long-term debt for its future financing needs and allow the debt percentage to trend upward. A debt to total capitalization ratio between
 forty-five and fifty percent has historically been acceptable to the PPUC in rate filings.

Income Taxes, Deferred Income Taxes and Uncertain Tax Positions

Under the IRS TPR, the Company is permitted to deduct the costs of certain asset improvements that were previously being capitalized and depreciated for
 tax purposes as an expense on its income tax return. This ongoing deduction results in a reduction in the effective income tax rate, a net reduction in income tax expense, and a reduction in the amount of income taxes currently payable. It also
 results in increases to deferred tax liabilities and regulatory assets representing the appropriate book and tax basis difference on capital additions. The Company expects to continue to expense these asset improvements in the future.

The Company s effective tax rate will largely be determined by income before income taxes and the level of eligible asset improvements expensed for tax
 purposes that would have been capitalized for tax purposes prior to the implementation of TPR.

The Company has a substantial deferred income tax asset primarily due to the excess accumulated deferred income taxes on accelerated depreciation from the
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 and the differences between the book and tax balances of the customers advances for construction and contributions in aid of construction and deferred compensation plans. The Company does not believe a valuation
 allowance is required due to the expected generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.

Table of Contents 

Page 23 

The Company has seen an increase in its deferred income tax liability amounts primarily as a result of the accelerated depreciation deduction available for
 federal tax purposes which creates differences between book and tax depreciation expense. The Company expects this trend to continue as it makes significant investments in capital expenditures subject to accelerated depreciation or TPR.

The Company has determined there are no uncertain tax positions that require recognition as of September 30, 2024.

Credit Rating

On August 6, 2024, Standard Poor s affirmed the Company s credit rating at A-, with a stable outlook and adequate liquidity. The Company s ability
 to maintain its credit rating depends, among other things, on adequate and timely rate relief, which it has been successful in obtaining, its ability to fund capital expenditures in a balanced manner using both debt and equity and its ability to
 generate cash flow. The Company s objectives are to continue to maximize its funds provided by operations and maintain a strong capital structure in order to be able to attract capital.

Physical and Cyber Security

The Company maintains security measures at its facilities, and collaborates with federal, state, and local authorities and industry trade associations
 regarding information on possible threats and security measures for water and wastewater utility operations. The costs incurred are expected to be recoverable in water and wastewater rates and are not expected to have a material impact on its
 business, financial condition, or results of operations.

The Company relies on information technology systems in connection with the operation of the business, especially with respect to customer service,
 billing, accounting, and in some cases, the monitoring and operation of treatment, storage, and pumping facilities. In addition, the Company relies on these systems to track utility assets and to manage maintenance and construction projects,
 materials and supplies, and human resource functions. The information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from cyber security attacks or other cyber-related events, including, but not limited to, power loss, computer
 systems failures, internet, telecommunications or data network failures, physical and electronic loss of data, computer viruses, intentional security breaches, hacking, denial of service actions, misappropriation of data, and similar events. In some
 cases, administration of certain functions may be outsourced to third-party service providers that could also be targets of cyber security attacks. A loss of these systems, or major problems with the operation of these systems, could harm the
 business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Company through the loss or compromise of customer, financial, employee, or operational data, disruption of billing, collections or normal field service activities, disruption of
 electronic monitoring and control of operational systems, and delays in financial reporting and other normal management functions.

Possible impacts associated with a cyber security attack or other events may include remediation costs related to lost, stolen, or compromised data,
 repairs to data processing systems, increased cyber security protection costs, adverse effects on the Company s compliance with regulatory and environmental laws and regulation, including standards for drinking water, litigation, and reputational
 damage.

The Company has implemented processes, procedures, and controls to prevent or limit the effect of these possible events and maintains insurance to help
 defray costs associated with cyber security attacks. The Company has not experienced a material impact on business or operations from these attacks. Although the Company does not believe its systems are at a materially greater risk of cyber
 security attacks than other similar organizations and despite the implementation of robust security measures, the Company cannot provide assurance that the insurance will fully cover the costs of a cyber security event, and its robust security
 measures do not guarantee that reputation and financial results will not be adversely affected by such an incident.

Table of Contents 

Page 24 

Environmental Matters

The Company was granted approval by the PPUC to modify its tariff to include
 the cost of the annual replacement of up to 400 lead customer-owned service lines over nine years from the date of the agreement. The tariff modification allows the Company to replace customer-owned service lines at its own initial cost. The
 Company will record the costs as a regulatory asset to be recovered in future base rates to customers, over a four-year period. The cost for the customer-owned lead service line replacements was approximately 1,921 and 1,762 through September
 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included as a regulatory asset. Based on its experience, the Company estimates that lead
 customer-owned service lines replacements will cost 2,000. This estimate is subject to adjustment as more facts become available.

Drought

On March 6, 2024, Pennsylvania state officials returned all counties to normal status.

On November 1, 2024, Pennsylvania state officials declared a drought watch for 33 counties in Pennsylvania, including all four counties in the Company s
 service territory. The watch calls for a voluntary reduction in nonessential water use of 5 to 10 percent. The watch conditions could potentially impact future revenues and net income depending on the length and severity of the dry conditions.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The methods, estimates, and judgments the Company used in applying its accounting policies have a significant impact on the results reported in its
 financial statements. The Company s accounting policies require management to make subjective judgments because of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company s most critical accounting estimates include
 regulatory assets and liabilities, revenue recognition, accounting for its pension plans, and income taxes. There has been no significant change in accounting estimates or the method of estimation during the quarter ended September 30, 2024.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

The Company does not use off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements or obligations that may have a material current or future effect on financial
 condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources or significant components of revenues or expenses. The Company does not use securitization of receivables or unconsolidated entities. For risk management purposes,
 the Company uses a derivative financial instrument, an interest rate swap agreement discussed in Note 6 to the financial statements included herein. The Company does not engage in trading or other risk management activities, does not use other
 derivative financial instruments for any purpose, has no material lease obligations, no guarantees and does not have material transactions involving related parties.

Table of Contents 

Page 25 

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Not applicable.

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the
 effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon this evaluation, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer along with the Chief Financial Officer concluded
 that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report are effective such that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended, is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. A controls system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide
 absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected.

No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

Item 5.

Other Information. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company, nor the Company itself, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading
 arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.

Table of Contents 

Page 26 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

Item 6. 

Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description 

3 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 4, 2010. 

3.1 

Amended and Restated By-Laws. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on January 26, 2012. 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the
 Inline XBRL document).

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

Table of Contents 

Page 27 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
 undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

/s/ Joseph T. Hand 

Date: November 7, 2024

Joseph T. Hand

 Principal Executive Officer

/s/ Matthew E. Poff 

Date: November 7, 2024

Matthew E. Poff

 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer

Table of Contents 

Page 28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311.htm
 YWC CERTIFICATION OF CEO 09-30-24

EXHIBIT 31.1

 CERTIFICATIONS

I, Joseph T. Hand, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The York Water Company;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d)

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

a)

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b)

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting.

Date: November 7, 2024

/s/ Joseph T. Hand 

Joseph T. Hand

President and CEO

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312.htm
 YWC CERTIFICATION OF CFO 09-30-24

EXHIBIT 31.2

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Matthew E. Poff, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The York Water Company;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d)

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

a)

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b)

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting.

Date: November 7, 2024

/s/ Matthew E. Poff 

Matthew E. Poff

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321.htm
 YWC SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CEO 09-30-24

EXHIBIT 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of The York Water Company (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph T. Hand, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

(1)

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a)); and

(2)

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company.

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Date: November 7, 2024

/s/ Joseph T. Hand 

Joseph T. Hand

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322.htm
 YWC SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CFO 09-30-24

EXHIBIT 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of The York Water Company (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matthew E. Poff, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

(1)

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a)); and

(2)

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company.

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Date: November 7, 2024

/s/ Matthew E. Poff 

Matthew E. Poff

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 yorw-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 yorw-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 yorw-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 yorw-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 yorw-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

