<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1992508_0001213900-24-096768.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2369252</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71563</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>583966</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>733217</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>373491</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>552088</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-096768.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112160129
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-096768
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			21Shares Core Ethereum ETF
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001992508
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42151
		FILM NUMBER:		241447764

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		477 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 370-6016

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		477 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ark 21Shares Ethereum ETF
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230906

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-096768.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ea0219498-10q_21shares.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for
the period ended . 

or 

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for
the transition period from to . 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

21Shares
US LLC 

, 

, 

(Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s primary executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: 

Securities
registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided in Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.). Yes No 

The
registrant had outstanding shares as of October 30, 2024. 

STATEMENT
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
quarterly report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements that generally relate to future events or future performance.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, 
 expect, intend, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 predict, potential or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. All statements (other
than statements of historical fact) included in this report that address activities, events or developments that will or may occur in
the future, including such matters as movements in the digital asset markets and indexes that track such movements, the Trust s
operations, the Sponsor s plans and references to the Trust s future success and other similar matters, are forward-looking
statements. These statements are only predictions. Actual events or results may differ materially. These statements are based upon certain
assumptions and analyses the Sponsor has made based on its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments,
as well as other factors appropriate in the circumstances. 

Whether
or not actual results and developments will conform to the Sponsor s expectations and predictions, however, is subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties, including the special considerations discussed in this report, general economic, market and business conditions,
changes in laws or regulations, including those concerning taxes, made by governmental authorities or regulatory bodies, and other world
economic and political developments. Consequently, all the forward-looking statements made in this report are qualified by these
cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that actual results or developments the Sponsor anticipates to occur will be realized
or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the expected consequences to, or have the expected effects on, the Trust s
operations or the value of its Shares. 

Should
one or more of these risks discussed in Risk Factors herein or in our Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File
No. 333-274364), declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 22, 2024 (the Launch S-1 ), or other
uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those described
in forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are made based on the Sponsor s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the
date the statements are made, and neither the Trust, nor the Sponsor is under a duty or undertakes an obligation to update forward-looking
statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change, other than as required by applicable laws.
Moreover, neither the Trust, the Sponsor, nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these
forward-looking statements. Investors are therefore cautioned against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

The
Trust is an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ).
For as long as the Trust is an emerging growth company, unlike other public companies, it will not be required to, among other things:
(i) provide an auditor s attestation report on management s assessment of the effectiveness of our system of internal
control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; or (ii) comply with any new
audit rules adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB after April 5, 2012, unless the SEC determines
otherwise. 

The
Trust will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) it having 1.235 billion or more
in annual revenues, (ii) at least 700 million in market value of Common Shares being held by non-affiliates, (iii) it
issuing more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period; or (iv) the last day of the fiscal
year following the fifth anniversary of its initial public offering. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the 1933 Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private
companies. The Trust intends to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period. 

21Shares
CORE ETHEREUM ETF 

Table
of Contents 

Page 

Part
 I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 
 Statement
 of Assets and Liabilities at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 1 
 
 Schedule
 of Investment at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 2 
 
 Statements
 of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and the period May 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Net Assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and the period May 1, 2024 through September 30,
 2024 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 
 Notes
 to Unaudited Financial Statements 
 5 
 
 Item
 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 11 
 
 Item
 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 13 
 
 Item
 4. Controls and Procedures 
 13 

Part
 II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
 1. Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item
 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 19 
 
 Item
 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 19 
 
 Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 
 
 Item
 5. Other Information 
 19 
 
 Item
 6. Exhibits 
 20 
 
 Signatures 
 2 1 

i 

PART
I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

21SHARES
CORE ETHEREUM ETF 

STATEMENT
OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

September
 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 
 
 Assets 

Investment in ether, at fair value (cost 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Net
 assets 

Net assets consist of 

Paid-in-capital 

Accumulated earnings
 (loss) 

Shares issued and outstanding, no par value, unlimited amount authorized 

Net asset value per share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements. 

1 

21SHARES
CORE ETHEREUM ETF 

SCHEDULE
OF INVESTMENT 

September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 

Quantity
 of ether 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Investment
 in ether 

Total investments 

Liabilities in excess
 of other assets 

Net assets 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements. 

2 

21SHARES
CORE ETHEREUM ETF 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 For
 the period May 1, 2024 (date of initial seeding) through September 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Expenses 

Sponsor s
 fee 

Total
 expenses 

Less
 waiver and reimbursement 

Net
 expenses 

Net
 investment loss 

Realized and change in unrealized
 gain (loss) 

Net realized gain (loss)
 on investment in ether 

Net
 change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment in ether 

Net
 realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) 

Net
 increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements. 

3 

21SHARES
CORE ETHEREUM ETF 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

For
 the three months ended September
 30, 2024 
 For
 the period May 1, 2024 (date of initial seeding) through September 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 

Net assets, beginning of period 

Contributions for Shares
 issued 

Distributions for Shares
 redeemed 

Net investment loss 

Net realized gain (loss)
 on investment in ether 

Net
 change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment in ether 

Net assets, end of period 

Shares issued and redeemed 

Shares issued 

Shares redeemed 

Net
 increase in Shares issued 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements. 

4 

21Shares
Core Ethereum ETF 

Notes
to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Shares at a per-Share price of (the Initial Seed Creation Baskets ). Total proceeds to the
Trust from the sale of these Initial Seed Creation Baskets were . Delivery of the Seed Creation Baskets was made on May 1, 2024. 

On June 18, 2024 (the
 Seed Capital Purchase Date ), 21Shares US LLC, in its capacity as Seed Capital Investor, purchased the Seed Creation Baskets
comprising Shares (the Seed Creation Baskets ). In its capacity as the Seed Capital Investor, 21Shares US LLC
has acted as a statutory underwriter in connection with this purchase. The total proceeds to the Trust from the sale of the Seed Creation
Baskets were . On June 18, 2024, the Trust purchased ether with the proceeds of the Seed Creation Baskets by transacting
with an Ether Counterparty to acquire ether on behalf of the Trust in exchange for cash provided by 21Shares US LLC in its capacity as
Seed Capital Investor. All ether acquired in connection with the Seed Creation Baskets is held by the one or more of the Custodians. 

The
statement of assets and liabilities and schedule of investment on September 30, 2024, and the statements of operations, and changes in
net assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the period from May 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024, have been prepared on
behalf of the Trust and are unaudited. In the opinion of management of the Sponsor of the Trust, all adjustments (which include normal
recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position and results of operations for the period ended September 30,
2024, and for all interim periods presented have been made. In addition, interim period results are not necessarily indicative of results
for a full-year period. 

The
fiscal year-end of the Trust is December 31st. 

5 

6 

Ether distributed for Sponsor s Fee 

Net realized gain (loss) on investment in ether 

Change in unrealized
 appreciation (depreciation) on investment in ether 

Ending balance as of
 September 30, 2024 

of the Trust s ether holdings. The Sponsor Fee is paid by the Trust to the Sponsor
as compensation for services performed under the Trust Agreement. The Sponsor agreed to waive the entire Sponsor Fee for (i) a six-month
period which commenced on July 23, 2024 (the day the Trust s Shares were initially listed on the Exchange), or (ii) the first 
million of Trust assets, whichever came first. 

The
Sponsor has agreed to pay all operating expenses (except for litigation expenses and other extraordinary expenses) out of the Sponsor
Fee. Operating expenses assumed by the Sponsor include; (i) the Marketing Fee, (ii) fees to the administrator, if any, (iii) fees to
the ether Custodians, (iv) fees to the Transfer Agent, (v) fees to the Trustee, (vi) the fees and expenses related to any future listing,
trading or quotation of the Shares on any listing exchange or quotation system (including legal, marketing and audit fees and expenses),
(vii) ordinary course legal fees and expenses but not litigation-related expenses, (viii) audit fees, (ix) regulatory fees, including,
if applicable, any fees relating to the registration of the Shares under the 1933 Act or Exchange Act, (x) printing and mailing costs;
(xi) costs of maintaining the Trust s website and (xii) applicable license fees (each, a Sponsor-paid Expense, and
together, the Sponsor-paid Expenses ), provided that any expense that qualifies as an Additional Trust Expense (as defined
below) will be deemed to be an Additional Trust Expense and not a Sponsor-paid Expense. 

The
Sponsor will not, however, assume certain extraordinary, non-recurring expenses that are not Sponsor-paid Expenses, including, but not
limited to, taxes and governmental charges, expenses and costs of any extraordinary services performed by the Sponsor (or any other service
provider) on behalf of the Trust to protect the Trust or the interests of Shareholders, any indemnification of the ether Custodians, Administrator
or other agents, service providers or counter-parties of the Trust, the fees and expenses related to the listing, and extraordinary legal
fees and expenses, including any legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with litigation, regulatory enforcement or investigation
matters (collectively, Additional Trust Expenses ). Of the Sponsor-paid Expenses, ordinary course legal fees and expenses
shall be subject to a cap of per annum. In the Sponsor s sole discretion, all or any portion of a Sponsor-paid Expense
may be re-designated as an Additional Trust Expense. 

To
the extent that the Sponsor does not voluntarily assume expenses, they will be the responsibility of the Trust. The Sponsor also pays
the costs of the Trust s organization and offering. The Trust is not obligated to repay any such costs related to the Trust s
organization and offering paid by the Sponsor. 

7 

Shares or multiples thereof. Only
Authorized Participants, which are registered broker-dealers who have entered into written agreements with the Sponsor and the Administrator,
can place orders. The Trust engages in ether transactions for converting cash into ether (in association with purchase orders) and ether
into cash (in association with redemption orders). The Trust conducts its ether purchase and sale transactions by, in its sole discretion,
choosing to trade directly with third parties (each, an ether Trading Counterparty ), who are not registered broker-dealers
pursuant to written agreements between such ether Trading Counterparties and the Trust, or choosing to trade through the Prime Broker
acting in an agency capacity with third parties such as through its Coinbase Prime service pursuant to the Prime Broker Agreement. An
ether Trading Counterparty may be an affiliate of an Authorized Participant. 

The
Authorized Participants deliver only cash to create Shares and receive only cash when redeeming Shares. Further, Authorized Participants
will not directly or indirectly purchase, hold, deliver, or receive ether as part of the creation or redemption process or otherwise
direct the Trust or a third-party with respect to purchasing, holding, delivering, or receiving ether as part of the creation or redemption
process. 

The
Trust creates Shares by receiving ether from a third-party that is not the Authorized Participant and the Trust not the Authorized
Participant is responsible for selecting the third-party to deliver the ether. Further, the third-party will not be acting as an
agent of the Authorized Participant with respect to the delivery of the ether to the Trust or acting at the direction of the Authorized
Participant with respect to the delivery of the ether to the Trust. The Trust redeems shares by delivering ether to a third-party that
is not the Authorized Participant and the Trust not the Authorized Participant is responsible for selecting the third-party
to receive the ether. Further, the third-party will not be acting as an agent of the Authorized Participant with respect to the receipt
of the ether from the Trust or acting at the direction of the Authorized Participant with respect to the receipt of the ether from the
Trust. The third-party is unaffiliated with the Trust and the Sponsor. 

Shares redeemed 

Net Change in Capital
 Transactions Issued and Redeemed 

Shares redeemed 

Net Change in Capital
 Transactions Issued and Redeemed 

Shares of the Trust. 

The
Sponsor arranged for the creation of the Trust and is responsible for the ongoing registration of the Shares for their public offering
in the United States and the listing of Shares on the Exchange. 

8 

1 
 
 Net investment loss 2 
 
 - 
 
 Net realized and change
 in unrealized loss on investment in ether 

Net
 change in net assets from operations 

Net asset value per Share,
 end of period 

Total return, at net
 asset value 3 

Ratio to average net
 assets 4 

Net investment loss 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross expenses 

Net expenses 
 - 
 - 

1 The
 amount represents the NAV per Share on June 18, 2024, the Seed Capital Purchase Date. 

9 

10 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This
information should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included in Item 1 of Part I of this Form 10-Q. This
Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties.
All statements (other than statements of historical fact) included in this Form 10-Q that address activities, events or developments
that may occur in the future, the Trust s operations, the Sponsor s plans and references to the Trust s future success
and other similar matters are forward-looking statements. Words such as could, would, may, 
 expect, intend, estimate, predict, and variations on such words or negatives
thereof, and similar expressions that reflect our current views with respect to future events and Trust performance, are intended to
identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are only predictions, subject to risks and uncertainties that
are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, and actual results could differ materially from those discussed.
Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those
expressed therein. We express our estimates, expectations, beliefs, and projections in good faith and believe them to have a reasonable
basis. However, we make no assurances that management s estimates, expectations, beliefs, or projections will be achieved or accomplished.
These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions about many important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those in the forward-looking statements. We do not intend to update any forward-looking statements even if new information becomes
available or other events occur in the future, except as required by the federal securities law s. 

Organization
and Trust Overview 

The
21Shares Core Ethereum ETF (the Trust is a Delaware statutory trust, formed on September 5, 2023, pursuant to the Delaware
Statutory Trust Act DSTA ). The Trust operates pursuant to an Amended and Restated Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement ).
The Trust is not registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company
Act and is not a commodity pool for purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act CEA ). The Trust is managed and controlled
by 21Shares US LLC (the Sponsor ). The Sponsor is a limited liability company formed in the state of Delaware on June 16,
2021, and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jura Pentium Inc., whose ultimate parent company is 21co Holdings Limited (formerly known as
Amun Holdings Limited). The Sponsor is not subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC as
a commodity pool operator with respect to the Trust, or a commodity trading advisor with respect to the Trust. The Trust is an exchange-traded
fund ETF that issues units of beneficial interest (the Shares representing fractional undivided beneficial
interests in its net assets that trade on the Cboe BZX Exchange, Inc. (the Exchange ). The Shares are listed for trading
on the Exchange under a ticker symbol CETH . 

The
Sponsor served as the Seed Capital Investor to the Trust. On May 1, 2024, the Sponsor, in its capacity as Seed Capital
Investor, subject to certain conditions, purchased 2 Shares at a per-Share price of 50.00 (the Seed Creation Baskets ).
Total proceeds to the Trust from the sale of these Seed Creation Baskets were 100. Delivery of the Seed Creation Baskets was made on
May 1, 2024. 

On
June 18, 2024 (the Seed Capital Purchase Date ), 21Shares US LLC, in its capacity as Seed Capital Investor, purchased
the initial Seed Creation Baskets comprising 20,000 Shares (the Initial Seed Creation Baskets ). In its capacity as
the Seed Capital Investor, 21Shares US LLC has acted as a statutory underwriter in connection with this purchase. The total proceeds
to the Trust from the sale of the Initial Seed Creation Baskets were 340,739. On June 18, 2024, the Trust purchased ether with
the proceeds of the Initial Seed Creation Baskets by transacting with an Ether Counterparty to acquire ether on behalf of the Trust in
exchange for cash provided by 21Shares US LLC in its capacity as Seed Capital Investor. All ether acquired in connection with the Initial
Seed Creation Baskets is held by the ether Custodians. 

The
Trust s investment objective is to seek to track the performance of ether, as measured by the performance of the CME CF Ether-Dollar
Reference Rate New York Variant (the Index ), adjusted for the Trust s expenses and other liabilities. CF Benchmarks
Ltd. is the administrator for the Index (the Index Provider ). The Index is designed to reflect the performance of ether
in U.S. dollars. In seeking to achieve its investment objective, the Trust holds ether at its Custodians and values its Shares daily based
on the Index. The Trust is a passive investment vehicle and is not a leveraged product. The Sponsor does not actively manage the ether
held by the Trust. 

The
Trust issues Shares only in Creation Units of 10,000 or multiples thereof. Creation Units are issued and redeemed in exchange for cash.
Individual Shares will not be redeemed by the Trust but are listed and traded on the Exchange under the ticker symbol CETH. 
The Trust issues Shares in Creation Units on a continuous basis at the applicable NAV per Share on the creation order date. 

The
Trust pays the unitary Sponsor Fee of 0.21 of the Trust s ether holdings. The Sponsor Fee is paid by the Trust to the Sponsor
as compensation for services performed under the Trust Agreement. The Sponsor is waiving the entire Sponsor Fee for (i) a six-month period
which commenced on July 23, 2024 (the day the Trust s Shares were initially listed on the Exchange), or (ii) the first 500 million
of Trust assets, whichever comes first. 

The
Trust is an emerging growth company as that term is used in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and, as such, the Trust may elect to comply with certain reduced public company reporting requirements. 

The
NAV of the Trust is used by the Trust in its day-to-day operations to measure the net value of the Trust s assets. The NAV is calculated
on each Business Day and is equal to the aggregate value of the Trust s assets less its liabilities based on the Index price. In
determining the NAV of the Trust on any Business Day, the Administrator calculates the price of the ether held by the Trust as of 4:00
p.m. ET on such day. The Administrator also calculates the NAV per Share of the Trust, which equals the NAV of the Trust
divided by the number of outstanding Shares. For purposes of making these calculations, a Business Day means any day other than a day
when the Exchange is closed for regular trading. 

11 

In
addition to calculating NAV and NAV per Share, for purposes of the Trust s financial statements, the Trust determines the Principal
Market NAV and Principal Market NAV per Share on each valuation date for such financial statements. The determination of the Principal
Market NAV and Principal Market NAV per Share is identical to the calculation of NAV and NAV per Share, respectively, except that the
value of ether is determined using the fair value of ether based on the price in the ether market that the Trust considers its principal
market as of 4:00 p.m. ET on the valuation date, rather than using the Index. 

NAV
and NAV per Share are not measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and are not intended as substitute for Principal Market and Principal
Market NAV per Share, respectively. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. The preparation of these financial statements relies on estimates and assumptions that impact the Trust s financial
position and results of operations. These estimates and assumptions affect the Trust s application of accounting policies. Below
is a summary of accounting policies on cash and investment valuation. There were no material estimates involving a significant level
of estimation uncertainty that had or are reasonably likely to have had a material impact on the Trust s financial condition used
in the preparation of the financial statements. In addition, please refer to Note 2 to the Financial Statements included in this report
for further discussion of the Trust s accounting policies. 

Cash 

Cash
includes non-interest bearing, non-restricted cash maintained with one financial institution that does not exceed U.S. federally insured
limits. 

Investment
Valuation 

The
Trust s policy is to value investments held at fair value. The Trust follows the provisions of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements ASC 820 ). ASC 820 provides guidance for determining fair value and requires increased disclosure regarding the inputs
to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. ASC 820 determines fair value to be the price that would be received for ether in
a current sale, which assumes an exit price resulting from an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
ASC 820-10 requires the assumption that ether is sold in its principal market to market participants (or in the absence of a principal
market, the most advantageous market). 

The
Trust utilizes an exchange traded price from the Trust s principal market for ether as of 4:00 p.m. ET on the Trust s financial
statement measurement date. 

Results
of Operations 

For
the Three Months ended on September 30, 2024 

Net
realized and change in unrealized loss on investment in ether for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was (3,223,608) which includes
a net change in unrealized depreciation on investment in ether of (3,222,608). Net realized and unrealized loss on investment in ether
for the period was driven by ether price depreciation from 3,423.00 per ether as of June 30, 2024 to 2,594.43 per ether as of September
30, 2024. Net increase in net assets resulting from operations was 12,240,686 for the period ended September 30, 2024, which consisted
of a net increase in the number of shares outstanding offset by the aforementioned net realized and change in unrealized loss on investment
in ether. 

For
the period May 1, 2024 (initial seed creation) through September 30, 2024 

Net realized and change in
unrealized loss on investment in ether for the period May 1, 2024 (date of initial seeding) through September 30, 2024, was (3,222,047)
which includes a net change in unrealized depreciation on investment in ether of (3,222,047). Net realized and unrealized loss on investment
in ether for the period was driven by ether price depreciation from 3,483.68 per ether as of June 18, 2024 to 2,594.43 per ether as
of September 30, 2024. Net increase in net assets resulting from operations was 12,582,986 for the period ended September 30, 2024,
which consisted of a net increase in the number of shares outstanding offset by the aforementioned net realized and change in unrealized
loss on investment in ether. 

No
 prior year comparative period has been provided as this is the first year of the Trust s
 operations. 

12 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Trust is not aware of any trends, demands, commitments, events, or uncertainties that are reasonably likely to result in material changes
to its liquidity needs. The Trust s only ordinary recurring expense is the fee paid to the Sponsor at an annual rate of 0.21 of
the daily net asset value of the Trust. The Sponsor is waiving the entire Sponsor Fee for (i) a six-month period which commenced on July
23, 2024 (the day the Trust s Shares were initially listed on the Exchange), or (ii) the first 500 million of Trust assets, whichever
comes first. In exchange for the Sponsor s fee, the Sponsor has agreed to assume the ordinary fees and expenses incurred by the
Trust, including but not limited to the following: fees charged by Administrator, the Custodians, Transfer Agent and the Trustee, the
Marketing Fee, Cboe BZX Exchange listing fees, typical maintenance and transaction fees of the DTC, SEC registration fees, printing and
mailing costs, website fees, tax reporting fees, audit fees, license fees and expenses, up to 100,000 per annum in ordinary legal fees
and expenses. The Sponsor bears expenses in connection with the Trust s organization and initial offering costs. 

The
Sponsor is not required to pay any extraordinary or non-routine expenses. Extraordinary expenses are fees and expenses which are unexpected
or unusual in nature, such as legal claims and liabilities and litigation costs or indemnification or other unanticipated expenses. Extraordinary
fees and expenses also include material expenses which are not currently anticipated obligations of the Trust. The Trust will be responsible
for the payment of such expenses to the extent any such expenses are incurred. Routine operational, administrative, and other ordinary
expenses are not deemed extraordinary expenses. The Trust will sell ether on an as-needed basis to pay the Sponsor s fee. 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide
the information under this item. 

Item
4. Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
duly authorized officers of the Sponsor performing functions equivalent to those a principal executive officer and principal financial
officer of the Trust would perform if the Trust had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Trust s disclosure controls
and procedures, and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of the Trust were effective as of the end of the period
covered by this report to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Trust files
or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to the duly authorized officers of the Sponsor
performing functions equivalent to those a principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Trust would perform if
the Trust had any officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

There
are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human
error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

13 

PART
II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, the Trust may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, the
Trust was not subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceeding threatened against
the Trust. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

You should carefully consider
the risk factors discussed below as well as the risk factors discussed in Risk Factors in our Launch S-1, which could materially
affect our business, financial condition or future results. There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed
therein. 

The risks described below
and in our Launch S-1 are not the only risks facing the Trust. You should also consider any risks and uncertainties described under the
caption Risk Factors in any applicable prospectus, prospectus supplement, registration statement or other document that
we file with the SEC before or after this date. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem
to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

An investment in the Trust is not a deposit
and is not FDIC-insured. Shareholders limited rights of legal recourse against the Trust, Trustee, Sponsor, Administrator, Prime
Broker and Custodians expose the Trust and its Shareholders to the risk of loss of the Trust s ether for which no person or entity
is liable. 

The Trust is not a banking
institution or otherwise a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC or Securities Investor Protection
Corporation SIPC and, therefore, deposits held with or assets held by the Trust are not subject to the protections enjoyed
by depositors with FDIC or SIPC member institutions. In addition, neither the Trust nor the Sponsor insure the Trust s ether. 

On September 11, 2024, the
Trust entered into separate custodial services agreements (each, a Custodial Services Agreement and, collectively, including
the agreement with Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC Coinbase Custodian entered into between the Trust and the Coinbase
Custodian on May 8, 2024 (the Coinbase Custody Agreement ), the Custodial Services Agreements with each of
(i) BitGo New York Trust Company, LLC , a New York Trust Company BitGo Custodian (the BitGo Custody Agreement and (ii) Anchorage Digital Bank N.A., a South Dakota chartered Trust Company and a federally chartered crypto bank Anchorage Custodian 
and together with Coinbase Custodian and BitGo Custodian, the Custodians) (the Anchorage Custody Agreement ). While the Custodians
have advised the Sponsor that they have insurance coverage that covers certain losses of the digital assets it custodies on behalf of
its clients, including the Trust s ether, resulting from theft, Shareholders cannot be assured that the Custodians will maintain
adequate insurance, that such coverage will cover losses with respect to the Trust s ether, or that sufficient insurance proceeds
will be available to cover the Trust s losses in full. The Custodians insurance may not cover the type of losses experienced
by the Trust. Alternatively, the Trust may be forced to share such insurance proceeds with other clients or customers of the Custodians,
which could reduce the amount of such proceeds that are available to the Trust. In addition, the ether insurance market is limited, and
the level of insurance maintained by the Custodians may be substantially lower than the assets of the Trust. While the Custodians maintain
certain capital reserve requirements depending on the assets under custody, and such capital reserves may provide additional means to
cover client asset losses, the Trust cannot be assured that the Custodians will maintain capital reserves sufficient to cover actual or
potential losses with respect to the Trust s digital assets. The insurance maintained by the Custodians is shared among all of the
Custodians customers, is not specific to the Trust or to customers holding ether with the Custodians, and may not be available
or sufficient to protect the Trust from all possible losses or sources of losses. 

14 

Furthermore, under each of
Custodial Services Agreements, the respective Custodian s liability is limited. With respect to the Coinbase Custody Agreement,
Coinbase Custody s liability is as follows, among others: (i) other than with respect to claims and losses arising from spot trading
of ether, or fraud or willful misconduct, the Mutually Capped Liabilities (defined below), the Coinbase Custodian s aggregate liability
under the Custodial Services Agreement shall not exceed the greater of (A) the greater of (x) 100 million and (y) the aggregate fees
paid by the Trust to the Coinbase Custodian in the 12 months prior to the event giving rise to the Coinbase Custodian s liability,
and (B) the value of the affected ether or cash giving rise to the Coinbase Custodian s liability; (ii) the Coinbase Custodian s
aggregate liability in respect of each cold storage address shall not exceed 100 million; (iii) in respect of the Coinbase Custodian s
obligations to indemnify the Trust and its affiliates against third-party claims and losses to the extent arising out of or relating to,
among others, the Coinbase Custodian s gross negligence, violation of its confidentiality, data protection and/or information security
obligations, or violation of any law, rule or regulation with respect to the provision of its services (the Mutually Capped Liabilities ),
the Coinbase Custodian s liability shall not exceed the greater of (A) 5 million and (B) the aggregate fees paid by the Trust to
the Coinbase Custodian in the 12 months prior to the event giving rise to the Coinbase Custodian s liability; and (iv) in respect
of any incidental, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or similar losses, the Coinbase Custodian is not liable, even if the Coinbase
Custodian has been advised of or knew or should have known of the possibility thereof. In general, the Coinbase Custodian is not liable
under the Custodial Services Agreement unless in the event of its negligence, fraud, material violation of applicable law or willful misconduct.
The Coinbase Custodian is not liable for delays, suspension of operations, failure in performance, or interruption of service to the extent
it is directly due to a cause or condition beyond the reasonable control of the Coinbase Custodian. In the event of potential losses incurred
by the Trust as a result of the Coinbase Custodian losing control of the Trust s ether or failing to properly execute instructions
on behalf of the Trust, the Coinbase Custodian s liability with respect to the Trust will be subject to certain limitations which
may allow it to avoid liability for potential losses or may be insufficient to cover the value of such potential losses, even if the Coinbase
Custodian directly caused such losses. Furthermore, the insurance maintained by the Coinbase Custodian may be insufficient to cover its
liabilities to the Trust. 

With respect
to the BitGo Custody Agreement, BitGo and its affiliates, including their officers, directors, agents, and employees, are not liable for
any lost profits, special, incidental, indirect, intangible, or consequential damages resulting from authorized or unauthorized use of
the Trust or Sponsor s site or services. This includes damages arising from any contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or
other legal grounds, even if BitGo was previously advised of, knew, or should have known about the possibility of such damages. However,
this exclusion of liability does not extend to cases of BitGo s fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence. In situations of
gross negligence, BitGo s liability is specifically limited to the value of the digital assets or fiat currency that were affected
by the negligence. Additionally, the total liability of BitGo for direct damages is capped at the fees paid or payable to them under the
relevant agreement during the twelve-month period immediately preceding the first incident that caused the liability. 

With respect to
the Anchorage Custody Agreement, except for Anchorage s bad acts, confidentiality obligations under the Anchorage Custody Agreement,
indemnification obligations under Anchorage Custody Agreement, or obligations with respect to rights to or limits on use under the Anchorage
Custody Agreement, Anchorage is not liable for any losses, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, for any amount in excess of fees paid
by the Trust in the twelve (12) months prior to when the liability arises. Moreover, Anchorage is not liable for (i) losses which arise
from its compliance with applicable laws, including sanctions laws administered by OFAC; or (ii) special, indirect or consequential damages,
or lost profits or loss of business arising in connection with Anchorage Custody Agreement. In addition, Anchorage is not be liable for
any losses which arise as a result of the non-return of digital assets that the Trust has delegated to Anchorage or a third party for
on-chain services, such as staking, voting, vesting, and signaling, unless such losses occur as a result of Anchorage s fraud or
intentional misconduct. 

15 

Similarly, under the Prime
Broker Agreement, the Prime Broker s liability is limited as follows, among others: (i) other than with respect to claims and losses
arising from spot trading of ether, or fraud or willful misconduct, or the PB Mutually Capped Liabilities (defined below), the Prime Broker s
aggregate liability shall not exceed the greater of (A) the greater of (x) 5 million and (y) the aggregate fees paid by the Trust to
the Prime Broker in the 12 months prior to the event giving rise to the Prime Broker s liability, and (B) the value of the cash
or affected ether giving rise to the Prime Broker s liability; (ii) in respect of the Prime Broker s obligations to indemnify
the Trust and its affiliates against third-party claims and losses to the extent arising out of or relating to, among others, the Prime
Broker s gross negligence, violation of its confidentiality, data protection and/or information security obligations, violation
of any law, rule or regulation with respect to the provision of its services, or the full amount of the Trust s assets lost due
to the insolvency of or security event at a Connected Trading Venue (as defined below) (the PB Mutually Capped Liabilities ),
the Prime Broker s liability shall not exceed the greater of (A) 5 million and (B) the aggregate fees paid by the Trust to the
Prime Broker in the 12 months prior to the event giving rise to the Prime Broker s liability; and (iii) in respect of any incidental,
indirect, special, punitive, consequential or similar losses, the Prime Broker is not liable, even if the Prime Broker has been advised
of or knew or should have known of the possibility thereof. In general, with limited exceptions (such as for failing to execute an order),
the Prime Broker is not liable under the Prime Broker Agreement unless in the event of its gross negligence, fraud, material violation
of applicable law or willful misconduct. The Prime Broker is not liable for delays, suspension of operations, failure in performance,
or interruption of service to the extent it is directly due to a cause or condition beyond the reasonable control of the Prime Broker.
These and the other limitations on the Prime Broker s liability may allow it to avoid liability for potential losses or may be insufficient
to cover the value of such potential losses, even if the Prime Broker directly caused such losses. Both the Trust and the Prime Broker
and its affiliates (including the Coinbase Custodian) are required to indemnify each other under certain circumstances. 

Moreover, in the event of
an insolvency or bankruptcy of the Prime Broker (in the case of the Trading Balance) or the Custodians (in the case of the segregated
accounts in which the Custodians will custody all of the Trust s ether from time to time (the Vault Balances in the
future, given that the contractual protections and legal rights of customers with respect to digital assets held on their behalf by third
parties are relatively untested in a bankruptcy of an entity such as the Custodians or Prime Broker in the virtual currency industry,
there is a risk that customers assets including the Trust s assets may be considered the property of the
bankruptcy estate of the Prime Broker (in the case of the Trading Balance) or the Custodians (in the case of the Vault Balance), and customers
 including the Trust may be at risk of being treated as general unsecured creditors of such entities and subject to the
risk of total loss or markdowns on value of such assets. 

The Coinbase Custodial Services
Agreement contains an agreement by the parties to treat the ether credited to the Trust s Vault Balance at the Coinbase Custodian
as financial assets under Article 8 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code Article 8 ), in addition to stating that the
Coinbase Custodian will serve as fiduciary and custodian on the Trust s behalf. The Coinbase Custodian s parent, Coinbase
Global Inc., has stated in its most recent public securities filings that in light of the inclusion in its custody agreements of provisions
relating to Article 8 it believes that a court would not treat custodied digital assets as part of its general estate in the event the
Coinbase Custodian were to experience insolvency. However, due to the novelty of digital asset custodial arrangements courts have not
yet considered this type of treatment for custodied digital assets and it is not possible to predict with certainty how they would rule
in such a scenario. If the Coinbase Custodian became subject to insolvency proceedings and a court were to rule that the custodied ether
were part of the Coinbase Custodian s general estate and not the property of the Trust, then the Trust would be treated as a general
unsecured creditor in the Coinbase Custodian s insolvency proceedings and the Trust could be subject to the loss of all or a significant
portion of its assets. Moreover, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Coinbase Custodian, an automatic stay could go into effect and
protracted litigation could be required in order to recover the assets held with the Coinbase Custodian, all of which could significantly
and negatively impact the Trust s operations and the value of the Shares. 

With respect to the Prime
Broker Agreement, there is a risk that the Trading Balance, in which the Trust s ether and cash is held in omnibus accounts by the
Prime Broker, could be considered part of the Prime Broker s bankruptcy estate in the event of the Prime Broker s bankruptcy.
The Prime Broker Agreement contains an Article 8 opt-in clause with respect to the Trust s assets held in the Trading Balance. 

The amount of ether that may
be held in the Trading Balance will be limited to the amount necessary to process a given creation or redemption transaction, as applicable,
or to pay for Trust Expenses not assumed by the Sponsor in consideration for the Sponsor Fee. 

16 

The Prime Broker is not required
to hold any of the ether or cash in the Trust s Trading Balance in segregation. Within the Trading Balance, the Prime Broker Agreement
provides that the Trust does not have an identifiable claim to any particular ether (and cash). Instead, the Trust s Trading Balance
represents an entitlement to a pro rata share of the ether (and cash) the Prime Broker has allocated to the omnibus wallets the Prime
Broker holds, as well as the accounts in the Prime Broker s name that the Prime Broker maintains at Connected Trading Venues (the
 Connected Trading Venue (which are typically held on an omnibus, rather than segregated, basis). If the Prime Broker suffers
an insolvency event, there is a risk that the Trust s assets held in the Trading Balance could be considered part of the Prime Broker s
bankruptcy estate and the Trust could be treated as a general unsecured creditor of the Prime Broker, which could result in losses for
the Trust and Shareholders. Moreover, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Prime Broker, an automatic stay could go into effect and protracted
litigation could be required in order to recover the assets held with the Prime Broker, all of which could significantly and negatively
impact the Trust s operations and the value of the Shares. 

Under the Trust Agreement,
the Trustee and the Sponsor will not be liable for any liability or expense incurred, including, without limitation, as a result of any
loss of ether by the Custodians or Prime Broker, absent willful misconduct, gross negligence, reckless disregard or bad faith on the part
of the Trustee or the Sponsor or breach by the Sponsor of the Trust Agreement, as the case may be. As a result, the recourse of the Trust
or the Shareholders to the Trustee or the Sponsor, including in the event of a loss of ether by the Custodians or Prime Broker, is limited. 

The Shareholders recourse
against the Sponsor, the Trustee, and the Trust s other service providers for the services they provide to the Trust, including,
without limitation, those relating to the holding of ether or the provision of instructions relating to the movement of ether, is limited.
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sponsor, the Trustee, nor any of their affiliates, nor any other party has guaranteed the assets
or liabilities, or otherwise assumed the liabilities, of the Trust, or the obligations or liabilities of any service provider to the Trust,
including, without limitation, the Custodians and Prime Broker. The Prime Broker Agreement and Coinbase Custodial Services Agreement provide
that neither the Sponsor, the Trustee, nor their affiliates shall have any obligation of any kind or nature whatsoever, by guaranty, enforcement
or otherwise, with respect to the performance of any the Trust s obligations, agreements, representations or warranties under the
Prime Broker Agreement or Custodial Services Agreement or any transaction thereunder. Consequently, a loss may be suffered with respect
to the Trust s ether that is not covered by the Coinbase Custodian s insurance and for which no person is liable in damages.
As a result, the recourse of the Trust or the Shareholders, under applicable law, is limited. 

Lack of recourse. 

The Custodians have limited
liability, impairing the ability of the Trust to recover losses relating to its ether and any recovery may be limited, even in the event
of fraud. In addition, the Custodians may not be liable for any delay in performance of any of their custodial obligations by reason of
any cause beyond its reasonable control, including force majeure events, war or terrorism, and may not be liable for any system failure
or third-party penetration of its systems. As a result, the recourse of the Trust to Custodians may be limited. 

Under the Coinbase Custody
Agreement, the Coinbase Custodian s liability is limited to the greater of (i) the market value of the Trust s ether
held by the Coinbase Custodian at the time the events giving rise to the liability occurred and (ii) the fair market value of the
Trust s ether held by the Coinbase Custodian at the time that the Coinbase Custodian notifies the Sponsor or Trustee in writing,
or the Sponsor or the Trustee otherwise has actual knowledge of the events giving rise to the liability. 

Under the Trust Agreement,
the Trustee and the Sponsor will not be liable for any liability or expense incurred absent gross negligence or willful misconduct on
the part of the Trustee or the Sponsor or breach by the Sponsor of the Trust Agreement, as they case may be. As a result, the recourse
of the Trust or the Shareholder to Trustee or the Sponsor may be limited. 

17 

The Index Provider has limited
liability relating to the use of the Index, impairing the ability of the Trust to recover losses relating to its use of the Index. The
Index Provider does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or performance of the Index or the data included therein and shall have
no liability in connection with the Index or index calculation, errors, omissions or interruptions of the Index or any data included therein.
The Index could be calculated now or in the future in a way that adversely affects an investment in the Trust. 

Under the BitGo Custody Agreement,
BitGo and its affiliates, including their officers, directors, agents, and employees, are not liable for any lost profits, special, incidental,
indirect, intangible, or consequential damages resulting from authorized or unauthorized use of the Trust or Sponsor s site or services.
This includes damages arising from any contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or other legal grounds, even if BitGo was previously
advised of, knew, or should have known about the possibility of such damages. However, this exclusion of liability does not extend to
cases of BitGo s fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence. In situations of gross negligence, BitGo s liability is specifically
limited to the value of the digital assets or fiat currency that were affected by the negligence. Additionally, the total liability of
BitGo for direct damages is capped at the fees paid or payable to them under the relevant agreement during the twelve-month period immediately
preceding the first incident that caused the liability. 

In addition, BitGo shall not
be liable for delays, suspension of operations, whether temporary or permanent, failure in performance, or interruption of service which
results directly or indirectly from any cause or condition beyond the reasonable control of BitGo, including, but not limited to, any
delay or failure due to an act of God, natural disasters, act of civil or military authorities, act of terrorists, including, but not
limited to, cyber-related terrorist acts, hacking, government restrictions, exchange or market rulings, civil disturbance, war, strike
or other labor dispute, fire, interruption in telecommunications or Internet services or network provider services, failure of equipment
and/or software, other catastrophe or any other occurrence which is beyond the reasonable control of BitGo. 

Under the Anchorage
Custody Agreement, except for Anchorage s bad acts, confidentiality obligations under the Anchorage Custody Agreement, indemnification
obligations under Anchorage Custody Agreement, or obligations with respect to rights to or limits on use under the Anchorage Custody Agreement,
Anchorage is not liable for any losses, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, for any amount in excess of fees paid by the Trust in
the twelve (12) months prior to when the liability arises. Moreover, Anchorage is not liable for (i) losses which arise from its compliance
with applicable laws, including sanctions laws administered by OFAC; or (ii) special, indirect or consequential damages, or lost profits
or loss of business arising in connection with Anchorage Custody Agreement. In addition, Anchorage is not be liable for any losses which
arise as a result of the non-return of digital assets that the Trust has delegated to Anchorage or a third party for on-chain services,
such as staking, voting, vesting, and signaling, unless such losses occur as a result of Anchorage s fraud or intentional misconduct. 

In addition, Anchorage shall not be liable for the failure to perform
or delay in the performance of its obligations under the Anchorage Custody Agreement to the extent such failure or delay is caused by
or results from a circumstance beyond its reasonable control and that could not have been prevented or avoided by the exercise of due
diligence, as long as the fact of the occurrence of such event is duly proven or is reasonably provable, including, but not limited to
natural catastrophes, fire, explosions, pandemic or local epidemic, war or other action by a state actor, public power outages, civil
unrests and conflicts, labor strikes or extreme shortages, acts of terrorism or espionage, Domain Name System server issues outside Anchorage s
direct control, technology attacks (e.g., DoS, DDoS, MitM), cyberattack or malfunction on the blockchain network or protocol, or governmental
action rendering performance illegal or impossible. Anchorage Custody Agreement shall not be held liable by the Trust for such non-performance
or delay. 

18 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

a) None. 

b) Not
 applicable. 

c) The Trust does not purchase Shares directly from its Shareholders.
In connection with its redemption of Creation Units held by Authorized Participants, the Trust redeemed 0 Creation Units (comprising 0
Shares) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The following table summarizes the redemptions by Authorized Participants during
the period: 

Period 
 Total
 Shares Redeemed 
 Average
 Price Per Share 
 Maximum 
 number of shares that may yet be purchased 
 
 July 1, 2024 July 31, 2024 

N/A 
 
 August 1, 2024 August 31, 2024 

N/A 
 
 September 1, 2024 September 30, 2024 

N/A 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information 

No officers or directors of
the Sponsor have , , or trading plans under either a Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as
such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024. 

19 

Item 6.
 Exhibits. 

Listed
below are the exhibits, which are filed as part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (according to the number assigned to them
in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

Exhibit
 Number 
 Description of Document 
 
 31.1(1) 
 Certification
 by Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2(1) 
 Certification by Principal
 Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1(1) 
 Certification by Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2(1) 
 Certification by Principal
 Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance
 Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) Filed
 herewith. 

20 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

21Shares
Core Ethereum ETF (Registrant) 

By:
21Shares US LLC, its Sponsor 

By: 
 /s/
 Hany Rashwan 

Hany
 Rashwan 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: November
 12, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Ophelia Snyder 

Ophelia
 Snyder 

Principal
 Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

Date: November
 12, 2024 

21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021949801ex31-1_21shares.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification
by Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Hany Rashwan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q of 21Shares Core Ethereum ETF; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the condensed financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of condensed financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By 
 /s/
 Hany Rashwan 

Name: 
 Hany Rashwan 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

21Shares US LLC, 

Sponsor of 21Shares Core Ethereum ETF 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021949801ex31-2_21shares.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification
by Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Ophelia Snyder, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q of 21Shares Core Ethereum ETF; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the condensed financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of condensed financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Ophelia
 Snyder 

Name: 
 Ophelia Snyder 

Title: 
 Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

21Shares US LLC, 

Sponsor of 21Shares Core Ethereum ETF 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021949801ex32-1_21shares.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
by Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of 21Shares Core
Ethereum ETF (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Hany Rashwan,
the Chief Executive Officer of 21Shares US LLC, Sponsor of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By 
 /s/
 Hany Rashwan 

Name: 
 Hany Rashwan 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

21Shares US LLC, 

Sponsor of 21Shares Core Ethereum ETF 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021949801ex32-2_21shares.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification
by Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of 21Shares Core
Ethereum ETF (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Ophelia Snyder,
the President of 21Shares US LLC, Sponsor of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By 
 /s/
 Ophelia Snyder 

Name: 
 Ophelia Snyder 

Title: 
 Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

21Shares US LLC, 

Sponsor of 21Shares Core Ethereum ETF 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ceth-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ceth-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ceth-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ceth-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ceth-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

