<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_64996_0000064996-24-000027.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8357424</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137110</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1383994</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3291960</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1751766</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1609014</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000064996-24-000027.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029160831
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000064996-24-000027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MERCURY GENERAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000064996
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				952211612
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12257
		FILM NUMBER:		241405763

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4484 WILSHIRE BLVD
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2139371060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4484 WILSHIRE BLVD
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90010

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000064996-24-000027.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 mcy-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mcy-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 
 Commission File No. 
 ______________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 _______________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in the Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 At October 24, 2024, the registrant had issued and outstanding an aggregate of shares of its Common Stock. 

Table of Contents 

MERCURY GENERAL CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 
 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Financial Statements 
 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 
 42 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 44 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 44 
 Item 3 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 44 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 45 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 45 
 SIGNATURES 
 46 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

MERCURY GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Investments, at fair value: Fixed maturity securities (amortized cost ; 
 Equity securities (cost ; 
 Short-term investments (cost ; 
 Total investments Cash Receivables: Premiums Allowance for credit losses on premiums receivable ) ) Premiums receivable, net of allowance for credit losses Accrued investment income Other Total receivables Reinsurance recoverables (net of allowance for credit losses ; 
 Deferred policy acquisition costs Fixed assets (net of accumulated depreciation ; 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Current income taxes Deferred income taxes Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves Unearned premiums Notes payable Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Current income taxes Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies shares; issued and outstanding ; 
 Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 MERCURY GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Net premiums earned Net investment income Net realized investment gains (losses) ) ) Other Total revenues Expenses: Losses and loss adjustment expenses Policy acquisition costs Other operating expenses Interest Total expenses Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 MERCURY GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Common stock, beginning of period Common stock, end of period Retained earnings, beginning of period Net income (loss) ) ) Dividends paid to shareholders ) ) ) ) Retained earnings, end of period Total shareholders equity, end of period 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 MERCURY GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Net realized investment (gains) losses ) Net gains on sales of fixed assets ) ) Loss on property held for sale Increase in premiums receivable ) ) Decrease (increase) in reinsurance recoverables ) Changes in current and deferred income taxes ) Increase in deferred policy acquisition costs ) ) Increase in loss and loss adjustment expense reserves Increase in unearned premiums Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Fixed maturity securities available for sale in nature: Purchases ) ) Sales Calls or maturities Equity securities available for sale in nature: Purchases ) ) Sales Calls Changes in securities payable and receivable ) Increase in short-term investments ) ) Purchases of fixed assets ) ) Sales of fixed assets Other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Dividends paid to shareholders ) ) Payments on finance lease obligations ) ) Proceeds from bank borrowing Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net increase in cash Cash: Beginning of the year End of period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURE Interest paid Income taxes paid (refunded), net ) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 MERCURY GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

1. 

Use of Estimates 
 . 
 Earnings (Loss) per Share 
 potentially dilutive securities with anti-dilutive effect for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Potentially dilutive securities representing shares of common stock were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 Dividends per Share 
 The Company declared and paid a dividend per share of during each of the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and dividends per share of during each of the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company does not defer advertising expenditures but expenses them as 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Fixed Assets 
 
 An office building located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma was initially classified as a property held for sale at April 30, 2024, and million of the property held for sale, which represented the estimated fair value of the property less the estimated costs to sell, as adjusted for changes in those estimates after the initial held-for-sale classification, was included in other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets until completion of the sale. A loss of million and million recognized as a result of the held-for-sale classification was included in other revenues in the Company's consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company completed the sale of this property in September 2024 for a total sale price of million, and recognized an additional loss of million at closing of the sale, which is included in other revenues in the Company's consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. In connection with the sale of the property, the Company entered into a lease agreement whereby the Company leased square feet of office space, or approximately of the total space of the property sold, from the new owner of the property. The lease commenced in September 2024 and expires at December 31, 2024, and the monthly base rent is approximately . 
 
 The Company completed the sale of another office building located in Brea, California in September 2024 for a total sale price of million, and recognized a gain of million associated with the sale, which is included in other revenues in the Company's consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. million of the total sale price was received in the form of a promissory note. million of the total sale price, after settlement of selling expenses and outstanding amounts due on the property, was received in cash. Only the cash received on the sale of the property is included in the Company's consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The note receivable is secured by the property sold and bears interest at an annual rate of . The term of the note receivable is years and interest is paid in quarterly installments. This office building was initially classified as a property held for sale at September 30, 2023, and million of the property held for sale, which represented the carrying amount of the property, was included in other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets until completion of the sale. 
 
 An office building located in Folsom, California was classified as a property held for sale at June 30, 2024, and million of the property held for sale, which represented the estimated fair value of the property less the estimated costs to sell, was included in other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2024. A loss of million recognized as a result of the held-for-sale classification was included in other revenues in the Company's consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 In addition, a parcel of land located in Rancho Cucamonga, California was classified as a property held for sale at June 30, 2024, and million of the property held for sale, which represented the carrying amount of the property, was included in other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company is actively engaged in selling these real estate properties as most of its employees currently work from home and these properties are being used on a limited basis. 
 
 Reinsurance 
 
 million in losses for a proportional share of a portfolio of catastrophe losses under the Contract, to the extent the actual loss ratio exceeds the threshold loss ratio of . If the actual loss ratio is less than the threshold loss ratio, the Company is eligible to receive a certain portion of the underwriting profit. 
 
 The Company is party to a Catastrophe Reinsurance Treaty (the "Treaty") covering a wide range of perils that is effective through June 30, 2025. The Treaty provides million of coverage on a per occurrence basis after covered catastrophe losses exceed the million Company retention limit. The Treaty specifically excludes coverage for any Florida business and for California earthquake losses on fixed property policies, such as homeowners, but does cover losses from fires following an 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Ceded ) ) ) ) Assumed Net Premiums Earned Direct Ceded ) ) ) ) Assumed Net 
 
 The Company recognized ceded premiums earned of approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are included in net premiums earned in its consolidated statements of operations. The Company recognized ceded losses and loss adjustment expenses of approximately ) million and ) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are included in losses and loss adjustment expenses in its consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The Company's insurance subsidiaries, as primary insurers, are required to pay losses to the extent reinsurers are unable to discharge their obligations under the reinsurance agreements. 
 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) 
 
 million and million, with related expenses of million and million, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million, with related expenses of million and million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. All of the commission income, net of related expenses, is included in other revenues in the Company's consolidated statements of operations, and in other income of the Property and Casualty business segment in the Company's segment reporting (see Note 13. Segment Information). 
 
 contract assets and contract liabilities, and remaining performance obligations associated with unrecognized revenues. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Provision during the period for expected credit losses Write-off amounts during the period ) ) ) ) Recoveries during the period of amounts previously written off Ending balance 
 
 Accrued Interest Receivables 
 
 There were accrued interest receivable amounts considered uncollectible or written off during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

2. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 
 Notes receivable Liabilities Options sold Notes payable 
 Investments 
 Interest and dividend income on investment holdings are recognized on an accrual basis at each measurement date and are included in net investment income in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The cost of investments sold is determined on a first-in and first-out method and realized gains and losses are included in net realized investment gains or losses in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 In the normal course of investing activities, the Company either forms or enters into relationships with variable interest entities ("VIEs"). A VIE is an entity that either has investors that lack certain essential characteristics of a controlling financial interest, such as simple majority kick-out rights, or lacks sufficient funds to finance its own activities without financial support provided by other entities. The Company performs ongoing qualitative assessments of the VIEs to determine whether the Company has a controlling financial interest in the VIE and therefore is the primary beneficiary. The Company is deemed to have a controlling financial interest when it has both the ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Based on the Company's assessment, if it determines it is the primary beneficiary, the Company consolidates the VIE in its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 From time to time, the Company forms special purpose investment vehicles to facilitate its investment activities involving derivative instruments such as total return swaps, or limited partnerships such as private equity funds. These special purpose investment vehicles are consolidated VIEs as the Company has determined it is the primary beneficiary of such VIEs. Creditors have no recourse against the Company in the event of default by these VIEs. The Company had no implied or unfunded commitments to these VIEs at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company's financial or other support provided to these VIEs and its loss exposure are limited to its collateral and original investment. 
 
 The Company invests, directly or indirectly through its consolidated VIEs, in limited partnerships or limited liability companies such as private equity funds. These investments are non-consolidated VIEs as the Company has determined it is not the primary beneficiary of such VIEs. The Company's maximum exposure to loss with respect to these VIEs is limited to the total carrying value that is included in equity securities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. At each of September 30, 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 million in unfunded commitments to these VIEs. 
 
 Notes Receivable 
 
 In September 2024, the Company completed the sale of an office building located in Brea, California for a total sale price of million. million of the total sale price was received in the form of a promissory note. The note receivable is secured by the property sold, and bears interest at an annual rate of . The term of the note receivable is and interest is paid in quarterly installments. 
 
 In March 2023, the Company completed the sale of an office building located in Clearwater, Florida, for a total sale price of approximately million. million of the total sale price was received in the form of a promissory note. The note receivable is secured by the property sold, and bears interest at an annual rate of for the first two years, with an adjustment to the greater of or the rate on a one-year U.S. Treasury Bill at the two-year anniversary for the remainder of the term. The term of the note receivable is and interest is paid in monthly installments. 
 
 Interest earned on the notes receivable is recognized in other revenues in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. The Company elected to apply the fair value option to the notes receivable at the time they were first recognized. The fair values of the notes receivable are included in other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets, while the changes in fair value of the notes receivable are included in net realized investment gains or losses in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Options Sold 
 The Company writes covered call options through listed and over-the-counter exchanges. When the Company writes an option, an amount equal to the premium received by the Company is recorded as a liability and is subsequently adjusted to the current fair value of the option written. Premiums received from writing options that expire unexercised are treated by the Company as realized gains from investments on the expiration date. If a call option is exercised, the premium is added to the proceeds from the sale of the underlying security or currency in determining whether the Company has realized a gain or loss. The Company, as writer of an option, bears the market risk of an unfavorable change in the price of the security underlying the written option. Liabilities for covered call options are included in other liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Notes Payable 
 The fair values of the Company s publicly traded million unsecured notes at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and its million drawn under the unsecured credit facility at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were obtained from a third party pricing service. 
 
 For additional disclosures regarding methods and assumptions used in estimating fair values, see Note 5. Fair Value Measurements. 

4. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Equity securities ) ) Short-term investments ) Total investment gains (losses) ) ) Notes receivable ) Total gains (losses) ) ) 

5. 
 
 of its investment portfolio at fair value from an independent pricing service at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Level 1 measurements - Fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are obtained from an independent pricing service, and are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Additional pricing services and closing exchange values are used as a comparison to ensure that reasonable fair values are used in pricing the investment portfolio. 
 U.S. government bonds and agencies /Short-term bonds : Valued using unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets in 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at fair value in commercial mortgage-backed securities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Corporate securities/Short-term bonds : Valued based on a multi-dimensional model using multiple observable inputs, such as benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes and issue spreads, for identical or similar assets in active markets. 
 Non-redeemable preferred stock : Valued based on observable inputs, such as underlying and common stock of same issuer and appropriate spread over a comparable U.S. Treasury security, for identical or similar assets in active markets. 
 Collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs") : Valued based on underlying debt instruments and the appropriate benchmark spread for similar assets in active markets. 
 Other asset-backed securities : Comprised of securities that are collateralized by non-mortgage assets, such as automobile loans, valued based on models or matrices using multiple observable inputs, such as benchmark yields, reported trades and broker/dealer quotes, for identical or similar assets in active markets. 
 Notes receivable : Valued based on observable inputs, such as benchmark yields, and considering any premium or discount for the differential between the stated interest rate and market interest rates, based on quoted market prices of similar instruments. 
 Level 3 measurements - Fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are based on inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement, including any items in which the evaluated prices obtained elsewhere are deemed to be of a distressed trading level. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any financial assets or financial liabilities based on Level 3 measurements. 
 Fair value measurement using NAV practical expedient - The fair value of the Company's investment in private equity funds measured at net asset value ("NAV") is determined using NAV as advised by the external fund managers and the third party administrators. The NAV of the Company's limited partnership or limited liability company interest in such a fund is based on the manager's and the administrator's valuation of the underlying holdings in accordance with the fund's governing documents and GAAP. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, private equity funds measured at fair value using the NAV practical expedient are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. At September 30, 2024, the Company had capital invested in four such funds: the strategy of three such funds with a combined fair value of approximately million at September 30, 2024 is to provide current income to investors by investing mainly in secured loans, CLOs or CLO issuers (including CLO equity and CLO mezzanine tranches), and equity interests in vehicles established to purchase and warehouse loans; the strategy of the other such fund with a fair value of approximately million at September 30, 2024 is to achieve long-term capital appreciation through privately-negotiated venture capital investments in seed- and early-stage portfolio companies with technology-enabled business models. The Company had approximately million in unfunded commitments at September 30, 2024 with respect to the private equity funds measured at NAV. The underlying assets of the funds are expected to be liquidated over the period of approximately to from September 30, 2024. In addition, the Company does not have the ability to redeem or withdraw from the funds, or to sell, assign, pledge or transfer its investment, without the consent from the General Partner or Managers of the funds. The Company will receive distributions based on the liquidation of the underlying assets and the interest proceeds from the underlying assets for all the funds. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Municipal securities Mortgage-backed securities Corporate securities Collateralized loan obligations Other asset-backed securities Total fixed maturity securities Equity securities: Common stock Non-redeemable preferred stock Private equity funds measured at net asset value (1) 
 Total equity securities Short-term investments: Short-term bonds Money market instruments Other Total short-term investments Other assets: Notes receivable Total assets at fair value Liabilities Other liabilities: Options sold Total liabilities at fair value 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Municipal securities Mortgage-backed securities Corporate securities Collateralized loan obligations Other asset-backed securities Total fixed maturity securities Equity securities: Common stock Non-redeemable preferred stock Private equity funds measured at net asset value (1) 
 Total equity securities Short-term investments: Short-term bonds Money market instruments Other Total short-term investments Other assets: Note receivable Total assets at fair value Liabilities Other liabilities: Options sold Total liabilities at fair value 
 __________ 
 (1) The fair value is measured using the NAV practical expedient; therefore, it is not categorized within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amount is presented in this table to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 There were transfers between Levels 1, 2, and 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, there were material assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
 Financial Instruments Disclosed, But Not Carried, at Fair Value 
 Unsecured credit facility Total 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Unsecured credit facility Total 
 
 Unsecured Notes 
 The fair value of the Company s publicly traded million unsecured notes at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was based on the spreads above the risk-free yield curve. These spreads are generally obtained from the new issue market, secondary trading and broker-dealer quotes. See Note 11. Notes Payable for additional information on unsecured notes. 
 
 Unsecured Credit Facility 
 million drawn under the unsecured credit facility at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were based on the unadjusted quoted price for similar notes in active markets. See Note 11. Notes Payable for additional information on the unsecured credit facility. 

6. 
 
 Total 
 Total 
 
 Most options sold consist of covered calls. The Company writes covered calls on underlying equity positions held as an enhanced income strategy that is permitted for the Company s insurance subsidiaries under statutory regulations. The Company manages the risk associated with covered calls through strict capital limitations and asset diversification throughout various industries. See Note 5. Fair Value Measurements for additional disclosures regarding options sold. 
 
 7. 
 changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. accumulated goodwill impairment losses existed at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment and more frequently if potential impairment indicators exist. impairment indicators were identified during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. All of the Company's goodwill is associated 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 ) Trade names ) Technology ) Insurance license Indefinite Total other intangible assets, net ) As of December 31, 2023: Customer relationships ) Trade names ) Technology ) Insurance license Indefinite Total other intangible assets, net ) 
 
 Other intangible assets are reviewed annually for impairment and more frequently if potential impairment indicators exist. impairment indicators were identified during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Other intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. Amortization expense for other intangible assets was million for each of the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

8. 
 
 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the 2015 Plan, with shares of common stock available for future grant as of September 30, 2024 upon exercise of stock options, stock appreciation rights and other awards, or upon vesting of restricted stock unit ("RSU") or deferred stock awards. 
 
 In February 2024, the Board adopted the 2024 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the LTIP to provide certain key employees with the right to receive cash awards providing an opportunity to participate in the appreciation of the Company s value and in order to retain these key employees and reward them for contributing to the success of the Company. Participants in the LTIP 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 stock options to senior executives under the 2015 Plan, which vested over the requisite service period and had a term of from the date of grant, except for of these stock options that were forfeited in February 2019 following the departure of a senior executive. The fair values of these stock options were estimated on the date of grant using a closed-form option valuation model (Black-Scholes). 
 As of September 30, 2024, of the total stock options awarded and vested under the 2015 Plan have not been exercised, each with a remaining term of approximately years. 
 Performance-based PSUs 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted a total "target" award of performance-based PSUs to certain executive officers and other key employees of the Company, of which were forfeited because the recipients were no longer employed by the Company. The payout value of the performance-based PSUs granted under the LTIP will be determined based on the achievement of specific, pre-established corporate performance objectives, and in part on individual performance, during the applicable performance period (the "Performance Cycle"). The maximum payout level for the performance-based PSUs is of the target award. 
 Vesting shares, maximum (net of forfeited) 
 
 These performance-based PSUs vest at the end of the Performance Cycle beginning with the year of the grant, and then only if, and to the extent that, the Company s performance during the Performance Cycle achieves the threshold established by the Compensation Committee of the Board. Each annual performance result is determined based on the average of the Company s annual market share growth and its annual combined ratio. The vested number of performance-based PSUs for each grantee is based on the average of the Company's three annual performance results combined with the individual's performance during the Performance Cycle. The cash payout amount for each unit of the vested performance-based PSUs is equal to the average closing price per share of the Company s common stock for the 30 calendar days preceding the determination of the final number of vested PSUs for each grantee at the end of the Performance Cycle. 
 
 Liabilities for the expected cash payout and associated compensation expenses are recognized based on management s best estimate of the number of the performance-based PSUs expected to be vested resulting from the probable outcome of the performance-based vesting conditions, combined with the market price of the Company's common stock at the end of each reporting period. If the performance-based vesting conditions are not expected to be met for the Performance Cycle, no compensation cost will be recognized and any recognized compensation cost will be reversed. 
 Restricted PSUs 
 
 The Company, from time to time, grants restricted PSUs to certain key employees, typically to retain such key employees. The restricted PSUs vest in three equal annual installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date. The payout value of the restricted PSUs granted under the LTIP will be determined based on the closing price per share of the Company's common stock at each vesting date. The vested amount of the restricted PSUs is paid at the end of each annual vesting period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted a total of restricted PSUs to certain key employees of the Company, of which were forfeited because the recipients were no longer employed by the Company. 
 The Company recorded approximately million and million of share-based compensation expense associated with the performance-based and restricted PSUs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which are included in other operating expenses in its consolidated statements of operations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 
 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily resulting from the payment of the assessed amount related to a California Franchise Tax Board audit for tax year 2011, which has now been resolved with no outstanding issues. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and the taxing authorities of various states. Tax years that remain subject to examination by major taxing jurisdictions are 2021 through 2023 for federal taxes and 2020 through 2023 for state taxes. 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial reporting basis and the respective tax basis of the Company s assets and liabilities, and expected benefits of utilizing net operating loss, capital loss, and tax-credit carryforwards. The Company assesses the likelihood that its deferred tax assets will be realized and, to the extent management does not believe these assets are more likely than not to be realized, a valuation allowance is established. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates or laws is recognized in net income (loss) in the period that includes the enactment date. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company s deferred income taxes were in a net asset position, which included a combination of ordinary and capital deferred tax expenses or benefits. In assessing the Company s ability to realize deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character within the carryback and carryforward periods available under the tax law. Management considers the reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income of an appropriate nature, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. The Company believes that through projected future taxable income of an appropriate nature, the use of prudent tax planning strategies, and the generation of capital gains, sufficient income will be realized in order to maximize the full benefits of its deferred tax assets. Although realization is not assured, management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company s deferred tax assets will be realized. 

10. 
 
 Reinsurance recoverables on unpaid losses, beginning of period 
 ) ) Net reserves, beginning of period Incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses related to: Current year Prior years ) Total incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses Loss and loss adjustment expense payments related to: Current year Prior years Total payments Net reserves, end of period Reinsurance recoverables on unpaid losses, end of period Gross reserves, end of period 
 20 

Table of Contents 

million was primarily attributable to higher than estimated losses and loss adjustment expenses in the commercial automobile and commercial property lines of insurance business and catastrophe losses, partially offset by favorable development in the private passenger automobile and homeowners lines of insurance business. The decrease in the provision for insured events of prior years during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of million was primarily attributable to lower than estimated losses and loss adjustment expenses in the private passenger automobile and homeowners lines of insurance business, partially offset by unfavorable development in the commercial property line of insurance business. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred catastrophe losses net of reinsurance of approximately million and million, respectively. The majority of 2024 catastrophe losses resulted from tornadoes, hailstorms and convective storms in Texas and Oklahoma, winter storms and rainstorms in California, and the impact of Hurricane Helene in Florida and Georgia. The majority of 2023 catastrophe losses resulted from winter storms and rainstorms in California, Texas and Oklahoma, and the impact of Hurricane Hilary in California. The Company experienced unfavorable development of approximately million and favorable development of approximately million on prior years' catastrophe losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

11. 
 
 March 15, 2027 Unsecured credit facility (2) 
 Bank of America, Wells Fargo Bank, BMO Bank and U.S. Bank Term SOFR plus - basis points 
 November 16, 2026 Total principal amount Less unamortized discount and debt issuance costs (3) 
 Total debt 
 __________ 
 (1) On March 8, 2017, the Company completed a public debt offering issuing million of senior notes. The notes are unsecured, senior obligations of the Company with a annual coupon payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year commencing September 15, 2017. The Company used the proceeds from the notes to pay off amounts outstanding under the existing loan and credit facilities and for general corporate purposes. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of approximately million, inclusive of underwriters' fees. The notes were issued at a slight discount of of par, resulting in the effective annualized interest rate, including debt issuance costs, of approximately . 
 (2) On March 31, 2021, the Company entered into an unsecured million five-year revolving credit facility. On November 18, 2022, the Company entered into the First Amendment to this credit facility. The First Amendment extended the maturity date of the loan to November 16, 2026 from March 31, 2026 with possible further extension if certain conditions are met, increased the aggregate commitments by all the lenders to million from million, and replaced the LIBOR with the Term SOFR. On November 30, 2023, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to this credit facility, which further increased the aggregate commitments by all the lenders to million from million. The interest rates on borrowings under the credit facility are based on the Company's debt to total capital ratio and range from Term SOFR plus basis points when the ratio is under to Term SOFR plus basis points when the ratio is greater than or equal to . Commitment fees for the undrawn portions of the credit facility range from basis points when the ratio is under to basis points when the ratio is greater than or equal to . The debt to total capital ratio is expressed as a percentage of (a) consolidated debt to (b) consolidated shareholders' equity plus consolidated debt. The Company's debt to total capital ratio was at September 30, 2024, resulting in a basis point commitment fee on any undrawn portion of the credit facility. As of October 24, 2024, a total of million was drawn under this facility on a three-month revolving basis at an annual interest rate of approximately , with million available to be drawn. The Company contributed million of the total amount drawn to the surplus of its consolidated insurance subsidiaries, and used the remainder for general corporate purposes. 
 (3) The unamortized discount and debt issuance costs are associated with the publicly traded million senior unsecured notes. These are amortized to interest expense over the life of the notes, and the unamortized balance is presented in the 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million associated with entering into the million unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on November 16, 2026 are included in other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets and amortized to interest expense over the term of the credit facility. 
 
 12. 

13. 
 
 subsidiaries in states, principally in California. 
 The Company has reportable business segment - the Property and Casualty business segment. 
 The Company s CODM evaluates operating results based on pre-tax underwriting results which is calculated as net premiums earned less (a) losses and loss adjustment expenses and (b) underwriting expenses (policy acquisition costs and other operating expenses). 
 Expenses are allocated based on certain assumptions that are primarily related to premiums and losses. The Company s net investment income, net realized investment gains or losses, other income, and interest expense are excluded in evaluating pretax underwriting profit. The Company does not allocate its assets, including investments, or income taxes in evaluating pre-tax underwriting profit. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Losses and loss adjustment expenses Underwriting expenses Underwriting gain (loss) ) ) Investment income Net realized investment gains (losses) ) Other income Interest expense ) ) Pre-tax income (loss) ) Net income (loss) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Property Casualty Other Total Property Casualty Other Total (Amounts in millions) Net premiums earned Less: Losses and loss adjustment expenses Underwriting expenses Underwriting gain (loss) ) ) ) ) Investment income Net realized investment gains (losses) ) Other income Interest expense ) ) Pre-tax income (loss) ) Net income (loss) ) 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Homeowners Commercial automobile Other Net premiums earned Private passenger automobile Homeowners Commercial automobile Other Direct premiums written 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Property Casualty Other Total Property Casualty Other Total (Amounts in millions) Private passenger automobile Homeowners Commercial automobile Other Net premiums earned Private passenger automobile Homeowners Commercial automobile Other Direct premiums written 

24 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for certain forward-looking statements. Certain statements contained in this report are forward-looking statements based on the Company s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on the Company. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those anticipated by the Company. Actual results may differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond the control of the Company) and are subject to change based upon various factors, including but not limited to the following risks and uncertainties: changes in the demand for the Company s insurance products, inflation and general economic conditions, including general market risks associated with the Company s investment portfolio; the accuracy and adequacy of the Company s pricing methodologies; catastrophes in the markets served by the Company; uncertainties related to estimates, assumptions and projections generally; the possibility that actual loss experience may vary adversely from the actuarial estimates made to determine the Company s loss reserves in general; the Company s ability to obtain and the timing of the approval of premium rate changes for insurance policies issued in the states where it operates; legislation adverse to the automobile insurance industry or business generally that may be enacted in the states where the Company operates; the Company s success in managing its business in non-California states; the presence of competitors with greater financial resources and the impact of competitive pricing and marketing efforts; the Company's ability to successfully allocate the resources used in the states with reduced or exited operations to its operations in other states; changes in driving patterns and loss trends; acts of war and terrorist activities; pandemics, epidemics, widespread health emergencies, or outbreaks of infectious diseases; court decisions and trends in litigation and health care and auto repair costs; and legal, cybersecurity, regulatory and litigation risks. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information, future events or otherwise. For a more detailed discussion of some of the foregoing risks and uncertainties, see the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on February 13, 2024. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 A. General 
 
 The operating results of property and casualty insurance companies are subject to significant quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year fluctuations due to the effect of competition on pricing, the frequency and severity of losses, the effect of weather and natural disasters on losses, general economic conditions, the general regulatory environment in states in which an insurer operates, state regulation of insurance including premium rates, changes in fair value of investments, and other factors such as changes in tax laws. The property and casualty insurance industry has been highly cyclical, with periods of high premium rates and shortages of underwriting capacity followed by periods of severe price competition and excess capacity. These cycles can have a significant impact on the Company s ability to grow and retain business. 
 
 This section discusses some of the relevant factors that management considers in evaluating the Company s performance, prospects, and risks. It is not all-inclusive and is meant to be read in conjunction with the entirety of management s discussion and analysis, the Company s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, and all other items contained within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

B. Business 
 
 The Company is primarily engaged in writing personal automobile insurance through 12 insurance subsidiaries Insurance Companies in 11 states, principally California. The Company also writes homeowners, commercial automobile, commercial property, mechanical protection, and umbrella insurance. The Company's insurance policies are mostly sold through independent agents who receive a commission for selling policies. The Company believes that it has thorough underwriting and claims handling processes that, together with its agent relationships, provide the Company with competitive advantages. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables present direct premiums written, by state and line of insurance business, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Private Passenger Automobile Homeowners Commercial Automobile Other Lines (2) 
 Total California 2,129,448 726,148 214,062 257,580 3,327,238 80.1 Texas 100,043 153,327 50,242 5,261 308,873 7.4 Other states (1) 
 321,829 154,705 34,329 7,144 518,007 12.5 Total 2,551,320 1,034,180 298,633 269,985 4,154,118 100.0 61.4 24.9 7.2 6.5 100.0 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Private Passenger Automobile Homeowners Commercial Automobile Other Lines (2) 
 Total California 1,713,133 610,662 181,024 177,512 2,682,331 79.0 Texas 93,197 113,941 40,782 4,221 252,141 7.4 Other states (1) 
 299,270 119,185 34,640 7,653 460,748 13.6 Total 2,105,600 843,788 256,446 189,386 3,395,220 100.0 62.0 24.9 7.6 5.5 100.0 
 ______________ 
 (1) No individual state accounted for more than 5 of total direct premiums written. 
 (2) No individual line of insurance business accounted for more than 5 of total direct premiums written. 

C. Regulatory and Legal Matters 
 
 The Department of Insurance DOI in each state in which the Company operates is responsible for conducting periodic financial, market conduct, and rating and underwriting examinations of the Insurance Companies in their states. Market conduct examinations typically review compliance with insurance statutes and regulations with respect to rating, underwriting, claims handling, billing, and other practices. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of recent and upcoming examinations: 
 
 State Exam Type Exam Period Covered Status TX Market Conduct 2022 Examination commenced in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 During the course of and at the conclusion of the examinations, the examining DOI generally reports findings to the Company. No material findings have been communicated to the Company on the ongoing Texas market conduct examination noted above. 
 
 In January 2023, the California DOI approved a 6.9 rate increase on the private passenger automobile line of insurance business for Mercury Insurance Company ("MIC") and California Automobile Insurance Company ("CAIC"), consolidated subsidiaries of the Company. These rate increases became effective in March 2023. The California DOI approved an additional 6.99 rate increase on the private passenger automobile line of insurance business for MIC and CAIC in June 2023. These rate increases became effective in July 2023. In addition, in January 2024, the California DOI approved a 22.5 rate increase for MIC and a 3.8 rate increase for CAIC on the private passenger automobile line of insurance business. These rate increases became effective in February 2024. The private passenger automobile line of insurance business of MIC and CAIC represented approximately 47 and 6 , respectively, of the Company's total net premiums earned for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 In March 2023, the California DOI approved a 12.6 rate increase on the California homeowners line of insurance business. This rate increase became effective in May 2023. In March 2024, the California DOI approved an additional 6.99 rate increase on the California homeowners line of insurance business. This rate increase became effective in May 2024. The 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 California homeowners line of insurance business represented approximately 16 of the Company's total net premiums earned for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company is, from time to time, named as a defendant in various lawsuits or regulatory actions incidental to its insurance business. The majority of lawsuits brought against the Company relate to insurance claims that arise in the normal course of business and are reserved for through the reserving process. For a discussion of the Company s reserving methods, see the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company establishes reserves for non-insurance claims related lawsuits, regulatory actions, and other contingencies when the Company believes a loss is probable and is able to estimate its potential exposure. For loss contingencies believed to be reasonably possible, the Company also discloses the nature of the loss contingency and an estimate of the possible loss, range of loss, or a statement that such an estimate cannot be made. In addition, the Company accrues for anticipated legal defense costs associated with such lawsuits and regulatory actions. While actual losses may differ from the amounts recorded and the ultimate outcome of the Company's pending actions is generally not yet determinable, the Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of currently pending legal or regulatory proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 In all cases, the Company vigorously defends itself unless a reasonable settlement appears appropriate. For a discussion of any additional regulatory or legal matters, see the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and Note 12. Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report. 

D. Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves ("Loss Reserves") 
 
 Preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements requires management s judgment and estimates. The most significant is the estimate of loss reserves. Estimating loss reserves is a difficult process as many factors can ultimately affect the final settlement of a claim and, therefore, the loss reserve that is required. A key assumption in estimating loss reserves is the degree to which the historical data used to analyze reserves will be predictive of ultimate claim costs on incurred claims. Changes in the regulatory and legal environments, results of litigation, medical costs, the cost of repair materials, and labor rates, among other factors, can impact this assumption. In addition, time can be a critical part of reserving determinations since the longer the span between the incidence of a loss and the payment or settlement of a claim, the more variable the ultimate settlement amount could be. Accordingly, short-tail claims, such as property damage claims, tend to be more reasonably predictable than long-tail liability claims. 
 
 The Company calculates a loss reserve point estimate rather than a range. There is inherent uncertainty with estimates and this is particularly true with loss reserve estimates. This uncertainty comes from many factors which may include changes in claims reporting and settlement patterns, changes in the regulatory and legal environments, uncertainty over inflation rates, and uncertainty for unknown items. The Company does not make specific provisions for these uncertainties, rather it considers them in establishing its loss reserve by reviewing historical patterns and trends and projecting these out to current loss reserves. The underlying factors and assumptions that serve as the basis for preparing the loss reserve estimate include paid and incurred loss development factors, expected average costs per claim, inflation trends, expected loss ratios, industry data, and other relevant information. 
 
 The Company also engages independent actuarial consultants to review the Company s loss reserves and to provide the annual actuarial opinions under statutory accounting principles as required by state regulation. The Company analyzes loss reserves quarterly primarily using the incurred loss, paid loss, average severity coupled with the claim count development methods, and the generalized linear model ("GLM") described below. When deciding among methods to use, the Company evaluates the credibility of each method based on the maturity of the data available and the claims settlement practices for each particular line of insurance business or coverage within a line of insurance business. The Company may also evaluate qualitative factors such as known changes in laws or legal rulings that could affect claims handling or other external environmental factors or internal factors that could affect the settlement of claims. When establishing the loss reserve, the Company will generally analyze the results from all of the methods used rather than relying on a single method. While these methods are designed to determine the ultimate losses on claims under the Company s policies, there is inherent uncertainty in all actuarial models since they use historical data to project outcomes. The Company believes that the techniques it uses provide a reasonable basis in estimating loss reserves. 
 
 The incurred loss method analyzes historical incurred case loss (case reserves plus paid losses) development to estimate ultimate losses. The Company applies development factors against current case incurred losses by accident 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 period to calculate ultimate expected losses. The Company believes that the incurred loss method provides a reasonable basis for evaluating ultimate losses, particularly in the Company s larger, more established lines of insurance business which have a long operating history. 
 The paid loss method analyzes historical payment patterns to estimate the amount of losses yet to be paid. 
 The average severity method analyzes historical loss payments and/or incurred losses divided by closed claims and/or total claims to calculate an estimated average cost per claim. From this, the expected ultimate average cost per claim can be estimated. The average severity method coupled with the claim count development method provide meaningful information regarding inflation and frequency trends that the Company believes is useful in establishing loss reserves. The claim count development method analyzes historical claim count development to estimate future incurred claim count development for current claims. The Company applies these development factors against current claim counts by accident period to calculate ultimate expected claim counts. 
 The GLM determines an average severity for each percentile of claims that have been closed as a percentage of estimated ultimate claims. The average severities are applied to open claims to estimate the amount of losses yet to be paid. The GLM utilizes operational time, determined as a percentile of claims closed rather than a finite calendar period, which neutralizes the effect of changes in the timing of claims handling. 
 
 The Company analyzes catastrophe losses separately from non-catastrophe losses. For catastrophe losses, the Company generally determines claim counts based on claims reported and development expectations from previous catastrophes and applies an average expected loss per claim based on loss reserves established by adjusters and average losses on previous similar catastrophes. For catastrophe losses on individual properties that are expected to be total losses, the Company typically establishes reserves at the policy limits. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded its point estimate of approximately 3.07 billion and 2.79 billion 3.04 billion and 2.75 billion, net of reinsurance), respectively, in loss reserves, which included approximately 1.85 billion and 1.61 billion 1.85 billion and 1.61 billion, net of reinsurance), respectively, of incurred but not reported loss reserves IBNR ). IBNR includes estimates, based upon past experience, of ultimate developed costs, which may differ from case estimates, unreported claims that occurred on or prior to September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and estimated future payments for reopened claims. Management believes that the liability for loss reserves is adequate to cover the ultimate net cost of losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred to date; however, since the provisions are necessarily based upon estimates, the ultimate liability may be more or less than such provisions. 
 The Company evaluates its loss reserves quarterly. When management determines that the estimated ultimate claim cost requires a decrease for previously reported accident years, favorable development occurs and a reduction in losses and loss adjustment expenses is reported in the current period. If the estimated ultimate claim cost requires an increase for previously reported accident years, unfavorable development occurs and an increase in losses and loss adjustment expenses is reported in the current period. 
 For a further discussion of the Company s reserving methods, see the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Net premiums earned increased 21.1 and net premiums written increased 17.9 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from the corresponding period in 2023. The increases in net premiums earned and net premiums written were primarily due to rate increases in the California automobile and homeowners lines of insurance business and an increase in the number of policies written in the California homeowners line of insurance business. 
 
 Net premiums earned included ceded premiums earned of 42.4 million and 30.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net premiums written included ceded premiums written of 42.9 million and 30.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increases in ceded premiums earned and ceded premiums written resulted mostly from higher reinsurance coverage and rates and growth in the covered book of business. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Net premiums earned, a GAAP measure, represents the portion of net premiums written that is recognized as revenue in the financial statements for the periods presented and earned on a pro-rata basis over the term of the policies. Net premiums written is a non-GAAP financial measure which represents the premiums charged on policies issued during a fiscal period, net of any applicable reinsurance. Net premiums written is a statutory measure designed to determine production levels. 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of net premiums earned to net premiums written: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Amounts in thousands) Net premiums earned 1,320,652 1,090,311 Change in net unearned premiums 102,281 116,192 Net premiums written 1,422,933 1,206,503 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Loss and expense ratios are used to interpret the underwriting experience of property and casualty insurance companies. The following table presents the Insurance Companies loss, expense, and combined ratios determined in accordance with GAAP: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Loss ratio 69.5 75.6 Expense ratio 24.0 23.0 Combined ratio (1) 
 93.6 98.6 
 __________ 
 (1) Combined ratio for the three months ended September 30, 2024 does not sum due to rounding. 
 
 Loss ratio is calculated by dividing losses and loss adjustment expenses by net premiums earned. The loss ratio for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 was affected by unfavorable development of approximately 8 million and favorable development of approximately 12 million, respectively, on prior accident years' loss and loss adjustment expense reserves. The unfavorable development for the third quarter of 2024 was primarily attributable to higher than estimated losses and loss adjustment expenses in the automobile line of insurance business. The favorable development for the third quarter of 2023 was primarily attributable to lower than estimated losses and loss adjustment expenses in the private passenger automobile and homeowners lines of insurance business, partially offset by unfavorable development in the commercial property line of insurance business. 
 
 In addition, the 2024 loss ratio was negatively impacted by approximately 41 million of catastrophe losses, excluding favorable development of approximately 2 million on prior years' catastrophe losses, primarily due to the impact of Hurricane Helene in Florida and Georgia. The 2023 loss ratio was negatively impacted by approximately 36 million of catastrophe losses, excluding favorable development of approximately 3 million on prior years' catastrophe losses, primarily due to the impact of Hurricane Hilary in California and extreme weather events outside of California. 
 
 Excluding the effects of estimated prior accident years loss development and catastrophe losses, the loss ratio was 65.8 and 73.4 for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in the loss ratio was primarily due to rate increases in the California automobile and homeowners lines of insurance business, partially offset by increases in loss frequency and severity in the California private passenger automobile line of insurance business. 
 
 Expense ratio is calculated by dividing the sum of policy acquisition costs and other operating expenses by net premiums earned. The expense ratio for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the corresponding period in 2023, which primarily resulted from increases in expenses for profitability-related accruals and advertising, partially offset by the rate increases discussed above. 
 
 Combined ratio is equal to loss ratio plus expense ratio and is the key measure of underwriting performance traditionally used in the property and casualty insurance industry. A combined ratio under 100 generally reflects profitable underwriting results, and a combined ratio over 100 generally reflects unprofitable underwriting results. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Income tax expense (benefit) was 56.2 million and (7.0) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in income tax expense was primarily due to a 302.3 million increase in total pre-tax income. The Company s effective income tax rate can be affected by several factors. These generally relate to large changes in the composition of fully taxable income, including net realized investment gains or losses, tax-exempt investment income, non-deductible expenses, and periodically, non-routine tax items such as adjustments to unrecognized tax benefits related to tax uncertainties. Income tax expense of 56.2 million on pre-tax income of 287.1 million, including tax-exempt investment income of 21.3 million, resulted in an effective tax rate of 19.6 , below the statutory tax rate of 21 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and income tax benefit of 7.0 million on pre-tax loss of 15.2 million, including tax-exempt investment income of 22.0 million, resulted in an effective tax rate of 46.0 , above the statutory tax rate, for the corresponding period in 2023. 
 
 Investments 
 
 The following table presents the investment results of the Company: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average invested assets at cost (1) 
 5,795,086 5,106,049 Net investment income (2) (3) 
 Before income taxes 72,738 60,965 After income taxes 61,114 51,958 Average annual yield on investments (2) 
 Before income taxes 4.6 4.4 After income taxes 3.9 3.8 Net realized investment gains (losses) 114,446 (90,001) 
 __________ 
 (1) Fixed maturities and short-term bonds at amortized cost; equities and other short-term investments at cost. Average invested assets at cost are based on the monthly amortized cost of the invested assets excluding cash for each period. 
 (2) Net investment income includes approximately 6.8 million and 5.1 million of interest income earned on cash (approximately 5.3 million and 4.0 million after tax) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Average annual yield on investments does not include interest income earned on cash. 
 (3) Higher net investment income before and after income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023 resulted largely from higher average yield combined with higher average invested assets and cash. Average annual yield on investments before and after income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to the maturity and replacement of lower yielding investments purchased when market interest rates were lower with higher yielding investments. 
 
 The following tables present the components of net realized investment gains or losses included in net income (loss): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Gains (Losses) Recognized in Net Income Sales Changes in fair value 
 Total (Amounts in thousands) Net realized investment gains (losses) Fixed maturity securities (1)(2) 
 (327) 63,178 62,851 Equity securities (1)(3) 
 25,048 23,835 48,883 Short-term investments (1) 
 (23) 11 (12) Notes receivable (1) 
 725 725 Options sold 2,156 (157) 1,999 Total 26,854 87,592 114,446 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Gains (Losses) Recognized in Net Loss Sales Changes in fair value Total (Amounts in thousands) Net realized investment gains (losses) Fixed maturity securities (1)(2) 
 973 (70,855) (69,882) Equity securities (1)(3) 
 6,339 (29,452) (23,113) Short-term investments (1) 
 63 63 Note receivable (1) 
 (37) (37) Options sold 2,436 532 2,968 Total 9,748 (99,749) (90,001) 
 __________ 
 (1) The changes in fair value of the investment portfolio and notes receivable resulted from application of the fair value option. 
 (2) The increase in fair value of fixed maturity securities for the third quarter of 2024 primarily resulted from decreases in overall market interest rates. The decrease in fair value of fixed maturity securities for the third quarter of 2023 primarily resulted from increases in overall market interest rates. 
 (3) The increase in fair value of equity securities for the third quarter of 2024 primarily resulted from the overall improvement in equity markets. The decrease in fair value of equity securities for the third quarter of 2023 primarily resulted from the overall decline in equity markets. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) Net income (loss) 230,856 (8,227) Basic average shares outstanding 55,371 55,371 Diluted average shares outstanding 55,376 55,371 Basic Per Share Data: Net income (loss) 4.17 (0.15) Net realized investment gains (losses), net of tax 1.63 (1.28) Diluted Per Share Data: Net income (loss) 4.17 (0.15) Net realized investment gains (losses), net of tax 1.63 (1.28) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Net premiums earned increased 19.0 and net premiums written increased 21.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from the corresponding period in 2023. The increases in net premiums earned and net premiums written were primarily due to rate increases in the California automobile and homeowners lines of insurance business and an increase in the number of policies written in the California homeowners line of insurance business. 
 
 Net premiums earned included ceded premiums earned of 104.9 million and 78.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net premiums written included ceded premiums written of 106.1 million and 78.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increases in ceded premiums earned and ceded premiums written resulted mostly from higher reinsurance coverage and rates and growth in the covered book of business. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a reconciliation of net premiums earned to net premiums written: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Amounts in thousands) Net premiums earned 3,723,355 3,129,483 Change in net unearned premiums 340,022 202,566 Net premiums written 4,063,377 3,332,049 
 
 Expenses 
 
 The following table presents the Insurance Companies loss, expense, and combined ratios determined in accordance with GAAP: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Loss ratio 74.1 84.7 Expense ratio 23.5 23.2 Combined ratio 97.6 107.9 
 
 The loss ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was affected by unfavorable development of approximately 16 million and favorable development of approximately 32 million, respectively, on prior accident years' loss and loss adjustment expense reserves. The unfavorable development for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to higher than estimated losses and loss adjustment expenses in the commercial automobile and commercial property lines of insurance business and catastrophe losses, partially offset by favorable development in the private passenger automobile and homeowners lines of insurance business. The favorable development for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily attributable to lower than estimated losses and loss adjustment expenses in the private passenger automobile and homeowners lines of insurance business, partially offset by unfavorable development in the commercial property line of insurance business. 
 
 In addition, the 2024 loss ratio was negatively impacted by approximately 229 million of catastrophe losses, excluding unfavorable development of approximately 7 million on prior years' catastrophe losses, primarily due to tornadoes, hailstorms and convective storms in Texas and Oklahoma, winter storms and rainstorms in California, and the impact of Hurricane Helene in Florida and Georgia. The 2023 loss ratio was negatively impacted by approximately 227 million of catastrophe losses, excluding favorable development of approximately 4 million on prior years' catastrophe losses, primarily due to winter storms and rainstorms in California, Texas and Oklahoma, and the impact of Hurricane Hilary in California. 
 
 Excluding the effects of estimated prior accident years loss development and catastrophe losses, the loss ratio was 67.5 and 78.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in the loss ratio was primarily due to rate increases in the California automobile and homeowners lines of insurance business, partially offset by increases in loss frequency and severity in the California private passenger automobile line of insurance business. 
 The expense ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the corresponding period in 2023, which primarily resulted from increases in expenses for profitability-related accruals and advertising, partially offset by the rate increases discussed above. 
 Income tax expense (benefit) was 84.5 million and (43.5) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in income tax expense was primarily due to a 589.9 million increase in total pre-tax income. Income tax expense of 84.5 million on pre-tax income of 451.4 million, including tax-exempt investment income of 61.9 million, resulted in an effective tax rate of 18.7 , below the statutory tax rate of 21 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and income tax benefit of 43.5 million on pre-tax loss of 138.5 million, including tax-exempt investment income of 65.8 million, resulted in an effective tax rate of 31.4 , above the statutory tax rate, for the corresponding period in 2023. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Investments 
 
 The following table presents the investment results of the Company: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average invested assets at cost (1) 
 5,571,831 5,060,778 Net investment income (2) (3) 
 Before income taxes 206,726 171,287 After income taxes 173,928 146,571 Average annual yield on investments (2) (3) 
 Before income taxes 4.5 4.3 After income taxes 3.8 3.7 Net realized investment gains (losses) 155,536 (60,772) 
 __________ 
 (1) Fixed maturities and short-term bonds at amortized cost; equities and other short-term investments at cost. Average invested assets at cost are based on the monthly amortized cost of the invested assets excluding cash for each period. 
 (2) Net investment income includes approximately 18.6 million and 9.6 million of interest income earned on cash (approximately 14.7 million and 7.6 million after tax) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Average annual yield on investments does not include interest income earned on cash. 
 (3) Higher net investment income before and after income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023 resulted largely from higher average yield combined with higher average invested assets and cash. Average annual yield on investments before and after income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to the maturity and replacement of lower yielding investments purchased when market interest rates were lower with higher yielding investments. 
 
 The following tables present the components of net realized investment gains or losses included in net income (loss): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Gains (Losses) Recognized in Net Income Sales Changes in fair value 
 Total (Amounts in thousands) Net realized investment gains (losses) Fixed maturity securities (1)(2) 
 (1,294) 52,162 50,868 Equity securities (1)(3) 
 54,684 39,640 94,324 Short-term investments (1) 
 (727) (27) (754) Notes receivable (1) 
 554 554 Options sold 10,481 63 10,544 Total 63,144 92,392 155,536 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Gains (Losses) Recognized in Net Loss Sales Changes in fair value Total (Amounts in thousands) Net realized investment gains (losses) Fixed maturity securities (1)(2) 
 (373) (53,915) (54,288) Equity securities (1)(3) 
 26,405 (38,820) (12,415) Short-term investments (1) 
 (4) 54 50 Note receivable (1) 
 88 88 Options sold 5,591 202 5,793 Total 31,619 (92,391) (60,772) 
 __________ 
 (1) The changes in fair value of the investment portfolio and notes receivable resulted from application of the fair value option. 
 (2) The increase in fair value of fixed maturity securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily resulted from decreases in overall market interest rates. The decrease in fair value of fixed maturity securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from increases in overall market interest rates. 
 (3) The increase in fair value of equity securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily resulted from the overall improvement in equity markets. The decrease in fair value of equity securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from the overall decline in equity markets. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) Net income (loss) 366,886 (95,058) Basic average shares outstanding 55,371 55,371 Diluted average shares outstanding 55,374 55,371 Basic Per Share Data: Net income (loss) 6.63 (1.72) Net realized investment gains (losses), net of tax 2.22 (0.87) Diluted Per Share Data: Net income (loss) 6.63 (1.72) Net realized investment gains (losses), net of tax 2.22 (0.87) 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

A. Cash Flows 
 
 The Company has generated positive cash flow from operations each year since the public offering of its common stock in November 1985. The Company does not attempt to match the duration and timing of asset maturities with those of liabilities; rather, it manages its portfolio with a view towards maximizing total return with an emphasis on after-tax income. With combined cash and short-term investments of 905.0 million at September 30, 2024, the Company believes its cash flow from operations is adequate to satisfy its liquidity requirements without the forced sale of investments. Investment maturities are also available to meet the Company s liquidity needs. However, the Company operates in a rapidly evolving and often unpredictable business environment that may change the timing or amount of expected future cash receipts and expenditures. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Company s sources of funds will be sufficient to meet its liquidity needs or that the Company will not be required to raise additional funds to meet those needs or for future business expansion, through the sale of equity or debt securities or from credit facilities with lending institutions. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 788.8 million, an increase of 561.1 million compared to the corresponding period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in premium collections, a decrease in payments for losses and loss adjustment expenses, and an increase in investment income received, partially offset by increases in payments for policy acquisition costs and taxes. The Company utilized the cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily for the net purchases of investment securities and payment of dividends to its shareholders. 
 
 The following table presents the estimated fair value of fixed maturity securities at September 30, 2024 by contractual maturity in the next five years: 
 Fixed Maturity Securities (Amounts in thousands) Due in one year or less 257,101 Due after one year through two years 305,535 Due after two years through three years 408,517 Due after three years through four years 223,022 Due after four years through five years 199,958 Total due within five years 1,394,133 

B. Reinsurance 
 For California homeowners policies, the Company has reduced its catastrophe exposure from earthquakes by placing earthquake risks directly with the California Earthquake Authority ("CEA"). However, the Company continues to have catastrophe exposure to fires following an earthquake. 
 The Company is the assuming reinsurer under a Catastrophe Participation Reinsurance Contract (the "Contract") effective through December 31, 2025. The Company reimburses a group of affiliates of a ceding company for a proportional share of a portfolio of catastrophe losses based on the premiums ceded to the Company under the Contract, to the extent the actual loss ratio exceeds the threshold loss ratio of 73.5 . The total assumed premium under the Contract is 15.0 million for each of the 12-month periods ending December 31, 2023 through 2025 and 10.0 million for the 12 months ended December 31, 2022. The total possible amount of losses for the Company under the Contract is 30.0 million for each of the 12-month periods ending December 31, 2023 through 2025 and 25.0 million for the 12 months ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized 3.8 million in earned premiums for each of the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and 2.1 million and 2.2 million in incurred losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 11.3 million in earned premiums for each of the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and (0.3) million and 7.6 million in incurred losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, under the Contract. The negative incurred losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted primarily from favorable development on prior years' catastrophe losses that had been ceded to the Company under the Contract. 
 
 The Company is the ceding party to a Catastrophe Reinsurance Treaty (the "Treaty") covering a wide range of perils that is effective through June 30, 2025. For the 12 months ending June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Treaty provides approximately 1,290 million and 1,111 million of coverage, respectively, on a per occurrence basis after covered catastrophe losses exceed the Company retention limit of 150 million and 100 million, respectively. The Treaty specifically excludes coverage for any Florida business and for California earthquake losses on fixed property policies such as homeowners, but does cover losses from fires following an earthquake. The Treaty includes additional restrictions as noted in the tables below. 
 
 Coverage on individual catastrophes provided for the 12 months ending June 30, 2025 under the Treaty is presented below in various layers: 
 Catastrophe Losses and LAE In Excess of Up to Percentage of Coverage (Amounts in millions) Retained 150 Layer of Coverage (1) 
 150 650 100.0 Layer of Coverage (1) (2) (3) (4) 
 650 1,300 100.0 Layer of Coverage 1,300 1,440 100.0 
 __________ 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Layer of Coverage represents multiple actual treaty layers that are grouped for presentation purposes. 
 (2) Approximately 10 of this layer covers California, Arizona, Nevada and Texas only, and has a maximum contribution limit to ultimate net loss from all losses in Texas of 425 million. 
 (3) Approximately 14 of this layer excludes losses from named storms. 
 (4) Approximately 8 of this layer covers only California wildfires and fires following an earthquake in California, and is not subject to reinstatement. 
 
 Coverage on individual catastrophes provided for the 12 months ended June 30, 2024 under the Treaty is presented below in various layers: 
 Catastrophe Losses and LAE In Excess of Up to Percentage of Coverage (Amounts in millions) Retained 100 Layer of Coverage 100 140 5.0 Layer of Coverage (1) (3) 
 140 610 100.0 Layer of Coverage (2) (3) (4) 
 610 1,120 99.8 Layer of Coverage 1,120 1,250 100.0 
 __________ 
 (1) Approximately 4 of this layer covers California, Arizona and Nevada only. 
 (2) Approximately 30 of this layer covers California, Arizona and Nevada only. 
 (3) Layer of Coverage represents multiple actual treaty layers that are grouped for presentation purposes. 
 (4) Approximately 10 of this layer covers only California wildfires and fires following an earthquake in California, and is not subject to reinstatement. 
 
 The table below presents the combined total reinsurance premiums under the Treaty (annual premiums and reinstatement premiums) for the 12 months ending June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively: 
 Treaty Annual Premium (1) 
 Reinstatement Premium (2) 
 Total Combined Premium (2) 
 (Amounts in millions) For the 12 months ending June 30, 2025 
 105 105 For the 12 months ended June 30, 2024 99 99 
 __________ 
 (1) The increase in the annual premium is primarily due to an increase in reinsurance coverage and rates and growth in the covered book of business. 
 (2) The reinstatement premium and the total combined premium for the treaty period ending June 30, 2025 are projected amounts to be paid based on the assumption that there will be no reinstatements occurring during this treaty period. The reinstatement premium for the treaty period ended June 30, 2024 is zero, as there were no actual reinstatement premiums paid. 
 
 The Treaty ending June 30, 2025 and 2024 each provides for one full reinstatement of coverage limits. Reinstatement premiums are based on the amount of reinsurance benefits used by the Company at 100 of the annual premium rate, with the exception of the reinstatement restrictions noted in the tables above, up to the maximum reinstatement premium of approximately 101 million and 95 million if the full amount of benefit is used for the 12 months ending June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. 
 
 The total amount of reinstatement premiums is recorded as ceded reinstatement premiums written at the time of the catastrophe event based on the total amount of reinsurance benefits expected to be used for the event, and such reinstatement premiums are recognized ratably over the remaining term of the Treaty as ceded reinstatement premiums earned. 
 
 The catastrophe events that occurred in 2024 caused approximately 229 million in losses to the Company, resulting primarily from tornadoes, hailstorms and convective storms in Texas and Oklahoma, winter storms and rainstorms in California, and the impact of Hurricane Helene in Florida and Georgia. No reinsurance benefits were available under the Treaty for these losses as none of the 2024 catastrophe events individually resulted in losses in excess of the Company s per-occurrence retention limit of 150 million and 100 million under the Treaty for the 12 months ending June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

The catastrophe events that occurred in 2023 caused approximately 256 million in losses to the Company as of September 30, 2024, resulting primarily from rainstorms and hail in Texas and Oklahoma, winter storms and rainstorms in California, and the impact of Tropical Storm Hilary in California. No reinsurance benefits were available under the Treaty for these losses as none of the 2023 catastrophe events individually resulted in losses in excess of the Company s per-occurrence retention limit of 100 million and 60 million under the Treaty for the 12 months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company carries a commercial umbrella reinsurance treaty and a per-risk property reinsurance treaty, and seeks facultative arrangements for large property risks. In addition, the Company has other reinsurance in force that is not material to the consolidated financial statements. If any reinsurers are unable to perform their obligations under a reinsurance treaty, the Company will be required, as primary insurer, to discharge all obligations to its policyholders in their entirety. 

C. Invested Assets 
 
 Portfolio Composition 
 
 An important component of the Company s financial results is the return on its investment portfolio. The Company s investment strategy emphasizes safety of principal and consistent income generation, within a total return framework. The investment strategy has historically focused on maximizing after-tax yield with a primary emphasis on maintaining a well-diversified, investment grade, fixed income portfolio to support the underlying liabilities and achieve return on capital and profitable growth. The Company believes that investment yield is maximized by selecting assets that perform favorably on a long-term basis and by disposing of certain assets to enhance after-tax yield and minimize the potential effect of downgrades and defaults. The Company believes that this strategy enables the optimal investment performance necessary to sustain investment income over time. The Company s portfolio management approach utilizes a market risk and consistent asset allocation strategy as the primary basis for the allocation of interest sensitive, liquid and credit assets as well as for determining overall below investment grade exposure and diversification requirements. Within the ranges set by the asset allocation strategy, tactical investment decisions are made in consideration of prevailing market conditions. 
 The following table presents the composition of the total investment portfolio of the Company at September 30, 2024: 
 Cost (1) 
 Fair Value (Amounts in thousands) Fixed maturity securities: U.S. government bonds and agencies 120,083 120,565 Municipal securities 3,026,480 3,027,149 Mortgage-backed securities 253,057 244,866 Corporate securities 780,941 769,051 Collateralized loan obligations 590,905 592,295 Other asset-backed securities 110,858 104,914 4,882,324 4,858,840 Equity securities: Common stock 595,180 734,198 Non-redeemable preferred stock 56,705 47,389 Private equity funds measured at net asset value (2) 
 103,558 89,250 755,443 870,837 Short-term investments 289,616 288,704 Total investments 5,927,383 6,018,381 
 ______________ 
 (1) Fixed maturities and short-term bonds at amortized cost; equities and other short-term investments at cost. 
 (2) The fair value is measured using the NAV practical expedient. See Note 5. Fair Value Measurements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 At September 30, 2024, 37.9 of the Company s total investment portfolio at fair value and 47.0 of its total fixed maturity securities at fair value were invested in tax-exempt state and municipal bonds. Equity holdings consist of non-redeemable preferred stocks, dividend-bearing common stocks on which dividend income is partially tax-sheltered by the 50 corporate dividend received deduction, and private equity funds. At September 30, 2024, 96.9 of short-term investments 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 consisted of highly rated short-duration securities redeemable on a daily or weekly basis. 
 
 Fixed Maturity Securities and Short-Term Investments 
 
 Fixed maturity securities include debt securities, which are mostly long-term bonds and other debt with maturities of at least one year from purchase, and which may have fixed or variable principal payment schedules, may be held for indefinite periods of time, and may be used as a part of the Company s asset/liability strategy or sold in response to changes in interest rates, anticipated prepayments, risk/reward characteristics, liquidity needs, tax planning considerations, or other economic factors. Short-term instruments include money market accounts, options, and short-term bonds that are highly rated short duration securities and redeemable within one year. 
 
 A primary exposure for the fixed maturity securities is interest rate risk. The longer the duration, the more sensitive the asset is to market interest rate fluctuations. As assets with longer maturity dates tend to produce higher current yields, the Company s historical investment philosophy has resulted in a portfolio with a moderate duration. The Company's portfolio is heavily weighted in investment grade tax-exempt municipal bonds. Fixed maturity securities purchased by the Company typically have call options attached, which further reduce the duration of the asset as interest rates decline. The holdings that are heavily weighted with high coupon issues, are expected to be called prior to maturity. Modified duration measures the length of time it takes, on average, to receive the present value of all the cash flows produced by a bond, including reinvestment of interest. As it measures four factors (maturity, coupon rate, yield and call terms) which determine sensitivity to changes in interest rates, modified duration is considered a better indicator of price volatility than simple maturity alone. 
 
 The following table presents the maturities and durations of the Company's fixed maturity securities and short-term investments: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in years) Fixed Maturity Securities Nominal average maturity: excluding short-term investments 11.5 11.4 including short-term investments 10.8 11.0 Call-adjusted average maturity: excluding short-term investments 3.7 3.8 including short-term investments 3.5 3.6 Modified duration reflecting anticipated early calls: excluding short-term investments 3.2 3.1 including short-term investments 3.0 3.0 Short-Term Investments 
 
 Another exposure related to the fixed maturity securities is credit risk, which is managed by maintaining a weighted-average portfolio credit quality rating of A+, at fair value, at September 30, 2024, consistent with the average rating at December 31, 2023. The Company's municipal bond holdings, of which 75.4 were tax exempt, represented 47.0 of its fixed maturity securities portfolio at September 30, 2024, at fair value, and are broadly diversified geographically. See Part I-Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks for a breakdown of municipal bond holdings by state. 
 To calculate the weighted-average credit quality ratings disclosed throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, individual securities were weighted based on fair value and credit quality ratings assigned by nationally recognized securities rating organizations. 
 Taxable holdings consist principally of investment grade issues. At September 30, 2024, fixed maturity securities holdings rated below investment grade and non-rated bonds totaled 6.2 million and 42.5 million, respectively, at fair value, and represented 0.1 and 0.9 , respectively, of total fixed maturity securities. At December 31, 2023, fixed maturity securities holdings rated below investment grade and non-rated bonds totaled 6.4 million and 15.1 million, respectively, at fair value, and represented 0.1 and 0.3 , respectively, of total fixed maturity securities. 
 The overall credit ratings for the Company s fixed maturity securities portfolio were relatively stable during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, with 92.1 of fixed maturity securities at fair value experiencing no change in their overall 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 rating. 6.9 and 0.9 of fixed maturity securities at fair value experienced upgrades and downgrades, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The following table presents the credit quality ratings of the Company s fixed maturity securities by security type at fair value: 
 September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Security Type AAA (1) 
 AA (1) 
 A (1) 
 BBB (1) 
 Non-Rated/Other (1) 
 Total Fair 
 Value (1) 
 U.S. government bonds and agencies: Agencies 40,042 40,042 Treasuries 80,523 80,523 Total 120,565 120,565 100.0 100.0 Municipal securities: Insured 26,117 254,315 187,612 33,299 1,402 502,745 Uninsured 81,599 979,142 1,306,179 148,446 9,038 2,524,404 Total 107,716 1,233,457 1,493,791 181,745 10,440 3,027,149 3.6 40.7 49.4 6.0 0.3 100.0 Mortgage-backed securities: Commercial 17,968 5,269 5,013 28,250 Agencies 47,702 47,702 Non-agencies: Prime 53,379 108,976 5,075 360 167,790 Alt-A 424 106 594 1,124 Total 119,049 114,669 10,194 954 244,866 48.6 46.8 4.2 0.4 100.0 Corporate securities: Communications 170 6,259 6,429 Consumer, cyclical 1,952 31,377 40,421 73,750 Consumer, non-cyclical 64,877 8,278 73,155 Energy 6,706 3,377 31,976 42,059 Financial 29,479 261,723 58,457 3,922 353,581 Industrial 62,104 94,476 37,910 194,490 Technology 1,742 757 2,499 Utilities 8,970 14,118 23,088 Total 100,411 466,542 198,176 3,922 769,051 13.1 60.6 25.8 0.5 100.0 Collateralized loan obligations: Corporate 134,006 178,749 244,483 35,057 592,295 Total 134,006 178,749 244,483 35,057 592,295 22.6 30.2 41.3 5.9 100.0 Other asset-backed securities 2,002 2,416 61,605 38,891 104,914 1.9 2.3 58.7 37.1 100.0 Total 483,338 1,629,702 2,276,615 418,812 50,373 4,858,840 9.9 33.5 47.0 8.6 1.0 100.0 _____________ 
 (1) Intermediate ratings are included at each level (e.g., AA includes AA+, AA and AA-). 

39 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Government Bonds and Agencies 
 
 The Company had 120.6 million and 174.5 million, or 2.5 and 4.0 of its fixed maturity securities portfolio, at fair value, in U.S. government bonds and agencies at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Moody's and Fitch ratings for U.S. government-issued debt were Aaa and AA+, respectively, at each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company understands that market participants continue to use rates of return on U.S. government debt as a risk-free rate and have continued to invest in U.S. Treasury securities. The modified duration of the U.S. government bonds and agencies portfolio reflecting anticipated early calls was 1.1 years and 0.9 years at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Municipal Securities 
 
 The Company had 3.03 billion and 2.78 billion, or 62.3 and 64.3 of its fixed maturity securities portfolio, at fair value, in municipal securities, 502.7 million and 431.2 million of which were insured, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The underlying ratings for insured municipal bonds have been factored into the average rating of the securities by the rating agencies with no significant disparity between the absolute securities ratings and the underlying credit ratings as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 71.2 and 70.3 , respectively, of the insured municipal securities, at fair value, most of which were investment grade, were insured by bond insurers that provide credit enhancement and ratings reflecting the credit of the underlying issuers. At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the average rating of the Company s insured municipal securities was A+, which corresponded to the average rating of the investment grade bond insurers. The remaining 28.8 and 29.7 of insured municipal securities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were non-rated or below investment grade, and were insured by bond insurers that the Company believes did not provide credit enhancement. The modified duration of the municipal securities portfolio reflecting anticipated early calls was 3.1 years and 3.0 years at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company considers the strength of the underlying credit as a buffer against potential market value declines which may result from future rating downgrades of the bond insurers. In addition, the Company has a long-term time horizon for its municipal bond holdings, which generally allows it to recover the full principal amounts upon maturity and avoid forced sales prior to maturity of bonds that have declined in market value due to the bond insurers rating downgrades. Based on the uncertainty surrounding the financial condition of these insurers, it is possible that there will be future downgrades to below investment grade ratings by the rating agencies in the future, and such downgrades could impact the estimated fair value of municipal bonds. 

Mortgage-Backed Securities 
 
 The Company had mortgage-backed securities portfolio of 244.9 million and 186.9 million, or 5.0 and 4.3 of the Company's fixed maturity securities portfolio at fair value, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Substantially all of the Company's mortgage-backed securities portfolio at those dates was categorized as loans to prime residential and commercial real estate borrowers. The Company had holdings of 28.2 million and 33.0 million at fair value 28.5 million and 34.2 million at amortized cost) in commercial mortgage-backed securities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The weighted-average rating of the entire mortgage-backed securities portfolio was AA+ at each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The modified duration of the mortgage-backed securities portfolio reflecting anticipated early calls was 5.7 years and 8.7 years at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Corporate Securities 
 
 Corporate securities included in fixed maturity securities were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Corporate securities at fair value 769,051 599,630 Percentage of total fixed maturity securities portfolio 15.8 13.9 Modified duration 2.5 years 2.4 years Weighted-average rating A A- 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Collateralized Loan Obligations 
 
 Collateralized loan obligations included in fixed maturity securities were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Collateralized loan obligations at fair value 592,295 484,947 Percentage of total fixed maturity securities portfolio 12.2 11.2 Modified duration 4.4 years 3.5 years Weighted-average rating AA- AA- 

Other Asset-Backed Securities 
 
 Other asset-backed securities included in fixed maturity securities were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Other asset-backed securities at fair value 104,914 96,164 Percentage of total fixed maturity securities portfolio 2.2 2.2 Modified duration 1.6 years 2.2 years Weighted-average rating A- A- 

Equity Securities 
 
 Equity holdings of 870.8 million and 730.7 million at fair value, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, consisted of non-redeemable preferred stocks, common stocks on which dividend income is partially tax-sheltered by the 50 corporate dividend received deduction, and private equity funds. The Company had a net gain (loss) of 39.6 million and (38.8) million due to changes in fair value of the Company s equity securities portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The primary cause for the increase in fair value of the Company s equity securities portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was the overall improvement in equity markets. The primary cause for the decrease in fair value of the Company s equity securities portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was the overall decline in equity markets. 
 
 The Company s common stock allocation is intended to enhance the return of and provide diversification for the total portfolio. At September 30, 2024, 14.5 of the total investment portfolio at fair value was held in equity securities, compared to 14.0 at December 31, 2023 . 
 
 D. Debt 
 
 The Company's debts at September 30, 2024 were 375 million of senior unsecured notes that are publicly traded and 200 million drawn under an unsecured credit facility. For additional information on these debts, see Note 11. Notes Payable of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Company was in compliance with all of the financial covenants pertaining to minimum statutory surplus, debt to total capital ratio, and risk based capital ratio under the unsecured credit facility at September 30, 2024. 

E. Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 
 Among other considerations, industry and regulatory guidelines suggest that the ratio of a property and casualty insurer s annual net premiums written to statutory policyholders surplus should not exceed 3.0 to 1. Based on the combined surplus of all the Insurance Companies of 1.88 billion at September 30, 2024, and net premiums written of 5.20 billion for the twelve months ended on that date, the ratio of net premiums written to surplus was 2.76 to 1 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
 
 The Company is subject to various market risk exposures primarily due to its investing and borrowing activities. Primary market risk exposures are changes in interest rates, equity prices, and credit risk. Adverse changes to these rates and prices may occur due to changes in the liquidity of a market, or to changes in market perceptions of creditworthiness and risk tolerance. The following disclosure reflects estimates of future performance and economic conditions. Actual results may differ. 
 Overview 
 The Company s investment policies define the overall framework for managing market and investment risks, including accountability and controls over risk management activities, and specify the investment limits and strategies that are appropriate given the liquidity, surplus, product profile, and regulatory requirements of the subsidiaries. Executive oversight of investment activities is conducted primarily through the Company s investment committee. The Company s investment committee focuses on strategies to enhance after-tax yields, mitigate market risks, and optimize capital to improve profitability and returns. 
 The Company manages exposures to market risk through the use of asset allocation, duration, and credit ratings. Asset allocation limits place restrictions on the total amount of funds that may be invested within an asset class. Duration limits on the fixed maturity securities portfolio place restrictions on the amount of interest rate risk that may be taken. Comprehensive day-to-day management of market risk within defined tolerance ranges occurs as portfolio managers buy and sell within their respective markets based upon the acceptable boundaries established by investment policies. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 Credit risk results from uncertainty in a counterparty s ability to meet its obligations. Credit risk is managed by maintaining a high credit quality fixed maturity securities portfolio. As of September 30, 2024, the estimated weighted-average credit quality rating of the fixed maturity securities portfolio was A+, at fair value, consistent with the average rating at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table presents fixed maturity municipal securities by state in descending order of holdings at fair value at September 30, 2024: 
 States Fair Value Average Rating (Amounts in thousands) Florida 372,812 A Texas 244,347 AA- California 241,522 AA- New York 215,476 AA- Illinois 152,554 A+ Other states 1,800,438 A+ Total 3,027,149 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the fixed maturity municipal securities portfolio was broadly diversified among the states and the largest holdings were in populous states such as Florida and Texas. These holdings were further diversified primarily among cities, counties, schools, public works, hospitals, and state general obligations. The Company seeks to minimize overall credit risk and ensure diversification by limiting exposure to any particular issuer. 
 
 Taxable fixed maturity securities represented 53.0 of the Company s total fixed maturity securities portfolio at fair value at September 30, 2024. 4.7 of the Company s taxable fixed maturity securities at fair value were comprised of U.S. government bonds and agencies at September 30, 2024. 0.2 of the Company s taxable fixed maturity securities at fair value, representing 0.1 of its total fixed maturity securities portfolio at fair value, were rated below investment grade at September 30, 2024. Below investment grade issues are considered watch list items by the Company, and their status is evaluated within the context of the Company s overall portfolio and its investment policy on an aggregate risk management basis, as well as their ability to recover their investment on an individual issue basis. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 Equity price risk is the risk that the Company will incur losses due to adverse changes in equity markets. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 At September 30, 2024, the Company s primary objective for common equity investments was current income. The fair value of the equity investments consisted of 734.2 million in common stocks, 47.4 million in non-redeemable preferred stocks, and 89.3 million in private equity funds. Common stocks are typically valued for future economic prospects as perceived by the market. 
 Common stocks represented 12.2 of total investments at fair value at September 30, 2024. Beta is a measure of a security s systematic (non-diversifiable) risk, which is measured by the percentage change in an individual security s return for a 1 change in the return of the market. 
 Based on hypothetical reductions in the overall value of the stock market, the following table illustrates estimated reductions in the overall value of the Company s common stock portfolio at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Amounts in thousands, except average Beta) Average Beta 0.86 0.87 Hypothetical reduction of 25 in the overall value of the stock market 157,853 129,742 Hypothetical reduction of 50 in the overall value of the stock market 315,705 259,483 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the Company will incur a loss due to adverse changes in interest rates relative to the interest rate characteristics of interest bearing assets and liabilities. The Company faces interest rate risk as it invests a substantial amount of funds in interest sensitive assets and holds interest sensitive liabilities. Interest rate risk includes risks related to changes in U.S. Treasury yields and other key benchmarks, as well as changes in interest rates resulting from widening credit spreads and credit exposure to collateralized securities. 
 The fixed maturity securities portfolio, which represented 80.7 of total investments at September 30, 2024 at fair value, is subject to interest rate risk. The change in market interest rates is inversely related to the change in the fair value of the fixed maturity securities portfolio. A common measure of the interest sensitivity of fixed maturity securities is modified duration, a calculation that utilizes maturity, coupon rate, yield and call terms to calculate an average age to receive the present value of all the cash flows produced by such assets, including reinvestment of interest. The longer the duration, the more sensitive the asset is to market interest rate fluctuations. 
 The Company has historically invested in fixed maturity securities with a goal of maximizing after-tax yields and holding assets to the maturity or call date. Since assets with longer maturities tend to produce higher current yields, the Company s historical investment philosophy resulted in a portfolio with a moderate duration. Fixed maturity securities purchased by the Company typically have call options attached, which further reduce the duration of the asset as interest rates decline. The modified duration of the overall fixed maturity securities portfolio reflecting anticipated early calls was 3.0 years at each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 If interest rates were to rise by 100 and 200 basis points, the Company estimates that the fair value of its fixed maturity securities portfolio at September 30, 2024 would decrease by 154.7 million and 309.4 million, respectively. Conversely, if interest rates were to decrease, the fair value of the Company s fixed maturity securities portfolio would rise, and it may cause a higher number of the Company's fixed maturity securities to be called away. The proceeds from the called fixed maturity securities would likely be reinvested at lower yields, which would result in lower overall investment income for the Company. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 As required by Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 13a-15(b), the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the quarter covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on the foregoing, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Company s process for evaluating controls and procedures is continuous and encompasses constant improvement of the design and effectiveness of established controls and procedures and the remediation of any deficiencies which may be identified during this process. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is, from time to time, named as a defendant in various lawsuits or regulatory actions incidental to its insurance business. The majority of lawsuits brought against the Company relate to insurance claims that arise in the normal course of business and are reserved for through the reserving process. For a discussion of the Company s reserving methods, see the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 The Company establishes reserves for non-insurance claims related lawsuits, regulatory actions, and other contingencies when the Company believes a loss is probable and is able to estimate its potential exposure. For loss contingencies believed to be reasonably possible, the Company also discloses the nature of the loss contingency and an estimate of the possible loss, range of loss, or a statement that such an estimate cannot be made. In addition, the Company accrues for anticipated legal defense costs associated with such lawsuits and regulatory actions. While actual losses may differ from the amounts recorded and the ultimate outcome of the Company's pending actions is generally not yet determinable, the Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of currently pending legal or regulatory proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or cash flows. 
 In all cases, the Company vigorously defends itself unless a reasonable settlement appears appropriate. For a discussion of any additional legal matters, see the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. See also Overview-C. Regulatory and Legal Matters in Part I-Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 There are no environmental proceedings arising under federal, state, or local laws or regulations to be discussed. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition are subject to various risks. These risks are described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in the Company s other filings with the SEC, including the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The risk factors identified in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 have not changed in any material respect. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 15.1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 15.2 Awareness Letter of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Registrant s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Registrant s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Registrant s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company. 
 32.2 Certification of Registrant s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document- the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 MERCURY GENERAL CORPORATION Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Gabriel Tirador Gabriel Tirador Chief Executive Officer Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Theodore R. Stalick Theodore R. Stalick Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 46 

<EX-15.1>
 2
 mcy-2024930x10qxex151.htm
 EX-15.1

Document 

Exhibit 15.1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Mercury General Corporation 
 
 Results of Review of Interim Financial Information 
 We have reviewed the consolidated balance sheet of Mercury General Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations and shareholders' equity for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated interim financial information). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the consolidated interim financial information for it to be in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein) and in our report dated February 13, 2024, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived. 
 Basis for Review Results 
 This consolidated interim financial information is the responsibility of the Company s management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our reviews in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. A review of consolidated interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. 
 S KPMG LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 October 29, 2024 

</EX-15.1>

<EX-15.2>
 3
 mcy-2024930x10qxex152.htm
 EX-15.2

Document 

Exhibit 15.2 
 Awareness Letter of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 October 29, 2024 

The Board of Directors 
 Mercury General Corporation 
 
 Re Registration Statement Nos. 333-125460, 333-202204, and 333-215344 
 With respect to the subject registration statements, we acknowledge our awareness of the use therein of our report dated October 29, 2024 related to our review of interim financial information. 
 Pursuant to Rule 436 under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act), such report is not considered part of a registration statement prepared or certified by an independent registered public accounting firm, or a report prepared or certified by an independent registered public accounting firm within the meaning of Sections 7 and 11 of the Act. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 

</EX-15.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 mcy-2024930x10qxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Gabriel Tirador, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Mercury General Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 s GABRIEL TIRADOR Gabriel Tirador, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 mcy-2024930x10qxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Theodore R. Stalick, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Mercury General Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 s THEODORE R. STALICK Theodore R. Stalick, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 mcy-2024930x10qxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Mercury General Corporation (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 (i) the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 29, 2024 s GABRIEL TIRADOR Gabriel Tirador, Chief Executive Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 mcy-2024930x10qxex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Mercury General Corporation (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 (i) the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 29, 2024 s THEODORE R. STALICK Theodore R. Stalick, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mcy-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 mcy-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mcy-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mcy-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mcy-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

