<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1533615_0001558370-24-014861.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9303161</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118918</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1322027</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3107294</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1843103</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2678505</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014861.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107160639
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014861
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global Medical REIT Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001533615
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				464757266
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37815
		FILM NUMBER:		241435579

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7373 WISCONSIN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		202-524-6851

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7373 WISCONSIN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCOOP MEDIA, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111027

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014861.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 gmre-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________. Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s): Name of each exchange on which registered: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding at November 5, 2024 was 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 8 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 40 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 41 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 41 Item 1A. Risk Factors 41 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 41 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 41 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 41 Item 5. Other Information 42 Item 6. Exhibits 43 Signatures 44 

 -2- 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited and in thousands, except par values) 

As of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Investment in real estate: Land Building Site improvements Tenant improvements Acquired lease intangible assets Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Investment in real estate, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Tenant receivables, net Due from related parties Escrow deposits Deferred assets Derivative asset Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities: Credit Facility, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Accounts payable and accrued expenses Dividends payable Security deposits Other liabilities Acquired lease intangible liability, net Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (liquidation preference of at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Global Medical REIT Inc. stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 -3- 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited and in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Rental revenue Other income Total revenue Expenses General and administrative Operating expenses Depreciation expense Amortization expense Interest expense Preacquisition expense Total expenses Income before gain (loss) on sale of investment properties Gain (loss) on sale of investment properties ) Net income Less: Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) ) Less: Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share basic and diluted ) Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 -4- 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income (unaudited and in thousands) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income : (Decrease) increase in fair value of interest rate swap agreements ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Less: Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) ) Less: Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 -5- 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (unaudited and in thousands, except per share amounts) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024: 

Global Accumulated Medical Additional Other REIT Inc. Non- Common Stock Preferred Stock Paid-in Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders controlling Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Income Equity Interest Equity Balances, December 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) Issuance of shares of common stock, net LTIP Units redeemed for common stock ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Dividends to common stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to preferred stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024: 

Global Accumulated Medical Additional Other REIT Inc. Non- Common Stock Preferred Stock Paid-in Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders controlling Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Income Equity Interest Equity Balances, June 30, 2024 ) Net income Issuance of shares of common stock, net LTIP Units redeemed for common stock ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Dividends to common stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to preferred stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 -6- 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity - Continued (unaudited and in thousands, except per share amounts) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023: 

Global Accumulated Medical Additional Other REIT Inc. Non- Common Stock Preferred Stock Paid-in Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders controlling Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Income Equity Interest Equity Balances, December 31, 2022 ) Net income LTIP Units redeemed for common stock ) OP Units issued for a property acquisition Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements Stock-based compensation expense Dividends to common stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to preferred stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023: 

Global Accumulated Medical Additional Other REIT Inc. Non- Common Stock Preferred Stock Paid-in Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders controlling Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Income Equity Interest Equity Balances, June 30, 2023 ) Net income Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements Stock-based compensation expense Dividends to common stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to preferred stockholders per share) ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 -7- 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited and in thousands) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization of acquired lease intangible assets Amortization of above market leases, net Amortization of debt issuance costs and other Stock-based compensation expense Capitalized preacquisition and other costs charged to expense Reserve for uncollectible accounts, net Loss (gain) on sale of investment properties ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Tenant receivables ) Deferred assets ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Security deposits ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchase of land, buildings, and other tangible and intangible assets and liabilities ) ) Net proceeds from sale of investment properties Escrow deposits for purchase of properties ) Advances made to related parties ) ) Capital expenditures on existing real estate investments ) ) Leasing commissions ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Financing activities Net proceeds received from common equity offerings Escrow deposits required by third party lenders ) Repayment of notes payable ) ) Proceeds from Credit Facility Repayment of Credit Facility ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) Dividends paid to common stockholders, and OP Unit and LTIP Unit holders ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash payments for interest Noncash financing and investing activities: Accrued dividends payable Interest rate swap agreements fair value change recognized in other comprehensive (loss) income ) LTIP Units redeemed for common stock Accrued capital expenditures and leasing commissions included in accounts payable and accrued expenses OP Units issued for a property acquisition Proceeds from sale of an investment property held in escrow Recognition of lease liability related to right of use asset The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 -8- 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC. Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts or as otherwise indicated) limited partner of the Operating Partnership, with an aggregate of of the Operating Partnership owned by holders of long-term incentive plan units LTIP Units and third-party limited partners who contributed properties or services to the Operating Partnership in exchange for common limited partnership units OP Units ). 

 -9- 

Table of Contents 
 Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and , respectively. The balance as of September 30, 2024 consisted of in funds owed from the Company s tenants for rent that the Company had earned but had not yet received, of tenant reimbursements, for a loan that was made to of the Company s tenants, and of miscellaneous receivables. The balance as of December 31, 2023 consisted of in funds owed from the Company s tenants for rent that the Company had earned but had not yet received, of tenant reimbursements, for a loan that was made to of the Company s tenants, and of miscellaneous receivables. Receivables arising from operating leases are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 842 Leases ASC Topic 842 ). The Company assesses the likelihood of losses resulting from tenant defaults, or the inability of tenants to make contractual rent and tenant reimbursements at each reporting date. The Company also monitors the liquidity and creditworthiness of its tenants and operators on a continuous basis. If the likelihood of a tenant paying its lease payments is determined to no longer be probable, all tenant receivables, including deferred rent, are written off against revenue and any future revenue for that tenant is recognized only upon receipt of cash. 

 -10- 

Table of Contents 
 on those leases that were probable of collection to ensure that the tenant lease receivables were not overstated. and , respectively. Escrow deposits include funds held in escrow to be used for the acquisition of properties in the future and for the payment of taxes and insurance. and , respectively. The balance as of September 30, 2024 consisted of in deferred rent receivables resulting from the recognition of revenue from leases with fixed annual rental escalations on a straight-line basis and of other deferred costs. The balance as of December 31, 2023 consisted of in deferred rent receivables resulting from the recognition of revenue from leases with fixed annual rental escalations on a straight-line basis and of other deferred costs. and , respectively. The balance as of September 30, 2024 consisted of in right of use assets, in capitalized construction in process costs, in prepaid assets, in net capitalized leasing commissions, and in net capitalized software costs and miscellaneous assets. The balance as of December 31, 2023 consisted of in right of use assets, in capitalized construction in process costs, in prepaid assets, in net capitalized leasing commissions, and in net capitalized software costs and miscellaneous assets. Refer to Note 8 Leases for additional details on right of use assets. and , respectively. In accordance with the Company s risk management strategy, the purpose of the interest rate swaps is to manage interest rate risk for certain of the Company s variable-rate debt. The interest rate swaps involve the Company s receipt of variable-rate amounts from the counterparties in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements. The Company accounts for derivative instruments in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Refer to Note 4 Credit Facility, Notes Payable and Derivative Instruments for additional details. . Goodwill represents the excess of consideration paid over the fair value of underlying identifiable net assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill has an indefinite life and is not amortized, but is tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The Company s policy is to perform its annual goodwill impairment evaluation as of the first day of the fourth quarter of its fiscal year. The Company has reporting unit. of the Company s properties were classified as held for sale as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

 -11- 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. The balance as of September 30, 2024 consisted of for right of use liabilities and of prepaid rent. The balance as of December 31, 2023 consisted of for right of use liabilities and of prepaid rent. Refer to Note 8 Leases for additional details on right of use liabilities. acquisitions. These acquisitions were made pursuant to a May 2024 purchase agreement to acquire a -property portfolio. For these acquisitions, substantially all of the fair value was concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets and, therefore, these acquisitions represent an asset acquisition. Accordingly, transaction costs for these acquisitions were capitalized. The Company completed the acquisition of the remaining properties in the -property portfolio in October 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed dispositions. In June 2024, the Company sold an in-patient rehabilitation facility located in Mishawaka, Indiana receiving gross proceeds of million, resulting in a loss of million. In July 2024, the Company sold a medical office building located in Panama City, Florida receiving gross proceeds of million, resulting in a gain of million. In September 2024, the Company sold a medical office building located in Panama City Beach, Florida receiving gross proceeds of million, resulting in a gain of million. Facility Acquired Date Acquired: Minot 7/11/24 Clinton 7/11/24 Westland 7/11/24 Cerritos 7/11/24 Spartanburg 7/11/24 Capitalized costs (1) Total Additions: Disposition of Mishawaka - 6/27/24 ) ) ) ) ) ) Disposition of Panama City - 7/12/24 ) ) ) ) ) ) Disposition of Panama City Beach - 9/19/24 ) ) ) ) ) ) Total Dispositions: ) ) ) ) ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 

 (1) Represents capital projects that were completed and placed in service during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the Company s existing facilities. 

-12- 

Table of Contents 
 Depreciation expense was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had aggregate capital improvement commitments and obligations to improve, expand, and maintain the Company s existing facilities of approximately . Many of these amounts are subject to contingencies that make it difficult to predict when they will be utilized, if at all. In accordance with the terms of the Company s leases, capital improvement obligations in the next twelve months are expected to total approximately . Summary of Properties Acquired and Sold During the Year Ended December 31, 2023 During the year ended December 31, 2023 the Company completed acquisition. For this acquisition, substantially all of the fair value was concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets and, therefore, this acquisition represents an asset acquisition. Accordingly, transaction costs for this acquisition were capitalized. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company completed dispositions. In March 2023, the Company sold a medical office building located in Jacksonville, Florida receiving gross proceeds of million, resulting in a gain of million. In June 2023, the Company sold a portfolio of medical office buildings located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma receiving gross proceeds of million, resulting in a gain of million. In August 2023, the Company sold a medical office building located in North Charleston, South Carolina receiving gross proceeds of million, resulting in a gain of million. Facility Acquired Date Acquired: Redding 4/17/23 Capitalized costs (1) Total Additions: Disposition of Jacksonville 3/9/2023 ) ) ) Disposition of Oklahoma City 6/30/2023 ) ) ) ) ) ) Disposition of North Charleston 8/1/2023 ) ) ) ) ) ) Total Dispositions: ) ) ) ) ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2023 

 (1) Represents capital projects that were completed and placed in service during the year ended December 31, 2023 related to the Company s existing facilities. 

 -13- 

Table of Contents 
 ) Above market leases ) Leasing costs ) ) Liability Below market leases ) 

As of December 31, 2023 Accumulated Cost Amortization Net Assets In-place leases ) Above market leases ) Leasing costs ) ) Liability Below market leases ) The following is a summary of the acquired lease intangible amortization: Amortization expense related to leasing costs Decrease in rental revenue related to above market leases Increase in rental revenue related to below market leases ) ) ) ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 2028 ) Thereafter ) Total ) As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average amortization periods for asset lease intangibles and liability lease intangibles were years and years, respectively. 

 -14- 

Table of Contents 
 million unsecured syndicated credit facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan ), as administrative agent (the Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility consists of (i) million of term loans, which include (a) a million term loan Term Loan A and (b) a million term loan Term Loan B, and, together with Term Loan A, the Term Loans ), and (ii) a million revolver (the Revolver ). The Credit Facility also includes a million accordion feature. Term Loan A matures in May 2026, Term Loan B matures in February 2028, and the Revolver matures in August 2026, with extension options. Interest rates on amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility equal the term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a related spread adjustment of basis points and a borrowing spread based on the current pricing grid in the Credit Facility. The Company may be entitled to a temporary reduction in the interest rate of basis points provided it meets certain to be agreed upon sustainability goals. The Operating Partnership is subject to a number of financial covenants under the Credit Facility, including, among other things, the following as of the end of each fiscal quarter, (i) a maximum consolidated unsecured leverage ratio of less than , (ii) a maximum consolidated secured leverage ratio of less than , (iii) a maximum consolidated secured recourse leverage ratio of less than , (iv) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of :1.00, (v) a minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio of :1.00, (vi) a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of less than , and (vii) a minimum net worth of million plus of all net proceeds raised through equity offerings subsequent to March 31, 2022. The Company has entered into interest rate swaps to hedge its interest rate risk on the Term Loans through their respective maturities. For additional information related to the interest rate swaps, see the Derivative Instruments - Interest Rate Swaps section herein. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company borrowed under the Credit Facility and repaid , for a net amount borrowed of . During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company borrowed under the Credit Facility and repaid , for a net amount repaid of . Interest expense incurred on the Credit Facility was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Term Loan A Term Loan B Credit Facility, gross Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Credit Facility, net Costs incurred related to the Credit Facility, net of accumulated amortization, are netted against the Company s Credit Facility, net of unamortized debt issuance costs balance in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company paid related to amendments and modifications to the Credit Facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Amortization expense incurred related to debt issuance costs was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and is included in the Interest Expense line item in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 -15- 

Table of Contents 
 Dumfries loan (2) Toledo loan (3) Notes payable, gross Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Notes payable, net 

 (1) The Rosedale loan has an annual interest rate of and matures on . (2) The Dumfries loan had an annual interest rate of and matured on . (3) The Toledo loan has an annual interest rate of and matures on . Amortization expense incurred related to debt issuance costs was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and is included in the Interest Expense line item in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company made principal payments of and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Interest expense incurred on these loans was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Derivative Instruments - Interest Rate Swaps The Company has interest rate swaps that are used to manage its interest rate risk by fixing the SOFR component of the Term Loans through their maturities. A description of these swaps is below: Term Loan A Swaps As of September 30, 2024, of the Company s interest rate swaps related to Term Loan A with a combined notional value of million that fix the SOFR component on Term Loan A through April 2026 at . Term Loan B Swaps As of September 30, 2024, of the Company s interest rate swaps related to Term Loan B with a combined notional value of million that fix the SOFR component on Term Loan B through January 2028 at . The Company records the swaps either as an asset or a liability measured at its fair value at each reporting period. When hedge accounting is applied, the change in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is (i) recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income in the equity section of the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and (ii) subsequently reclassified into earnings as interest expense for the period that the hedged forecasted transactions affect earnings. If 

 -16- 

Table of Contents 
 and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The balances are included in the Derivative Asset line item on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. ) ) ) Amount of gain reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into interest expense Total change in accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that an additional will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense. Additionally, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded total interest expense in its Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations of and , respectively. Weighted-Average Interest Rate and Term The weighted average interest rate and term of the Company s debt was and years at September 30, 2024, compared to and years as of December 31, 2023. shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ), issued and outstanding. The Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of per share. Q4 2023 Q1 2024 Q2 2024 Q3 2024 (1) 

 (1) Two months of this amount, equal to , was accrued at September 30, 2024. 

 -17- 

Table of Contents 
 The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividend payments only when, as and if declared by the Company s board of directors (the Board (or a duly authorized committee of the Board). Dividends will accrue or be payable in cash from the original issue date, on a cumulative basis, quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date at a fixed rate per annum equal to of the liquidation preference of per share (equivalent to per share on an annual basis). The Series A Preferred Stock may be partially or fully redeemed by the Company. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are cumulative and accrue whether or not (i) funds are legally available for the payment of those dividends, (ii) the Company has earnings or (iii) those dividends are declared by the Board. The quarterly dividend payment dates on the Series A Preferred Stock are January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year. During each of the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid preferred dividends of . Common Stock The Company has authorized shares of common stock, par value. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and outstanding shares of common stock, respectively. Q4 2023 Q1 2024 Q2 2024 Q3 2024 

 (1) Includes distributions on outstanding LTIP Units and OP Units. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid total dividends on its common stock, LTIP Units and OP Units in the aggregate amount of and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had accrued dividend balances of and for dividends payable on the aggregate annual and long-term LTIP Units that are subject to retroactive receipt of dividends on the amount of LTIP Units ultimately earned. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of dividends were accrued and of dividends were paid related to these units. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, of dividends were accrued and of dividends were paid related to these units. The amount of the dividends paid to the Company s stockholders is determined by the Board and is dependent on a number of factors, including funds available for payment of dividends, the Company s financial condition and capital expenditure requirements, except that, in accordance with the Company s organizational documents and Maryland law, the Company may not make dividend distributions that would: (i) cause it to be unable to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business; (ii) cause its total assets to be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus senior liquidation preferences; or (iii) jeopardize its ability to maintain its qualification as a REIT. Capital Raising Activity In January 2024, the Company and the Operating Partnership implemented a million at-the-market equity offering program, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell (including through forward sales), from time to time, shares of its common stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company generated gross proceeds of through ATM equity issuances of shares of the Company s common stock at an average offering price of per share. 

 -18- 

Table of Contents 
 t issue or redeem any OP Units. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Operating Partnership issued OP Units with a value of in connection with a facility acquisition and did t redeem any OP Units. The OP Unit value at issuance and redemption is based on the Company s closing share price on the date of the respective transaction and is included as a component of noncontrolling interest equity in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were OP Units issued and outstanding. The Company has sufficient shares of common stock authorized pursuant to its charter to cover the redemption of outstanding OP Units. and , respectively. These balances primarily consist of taxes paid on behalf of LTIP Unit and OP Unit holders that are reimbursable to the Company. The Company had amounts due to related parties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. shares of common stock that remain available to be granted under the Plan. Units subject to awards under the Plan that are forfeited, cancelled, lapsed, or otherwise expired (excluding shares withheld to satisfy exercise prices or tax withholding obligations) are available for grant. 

 -19- 

Table of Contents 
 on February 21, 2024; and on February 21, 2025 February 21, 2024 Time-based awards under the 2024 Long-Term Incentive Plan on February 21, 2027 May 15, 2024 Annual awards to independent directors vest on May 15, 2025 June 10, 2024 Discretionary grant on June 10, 2025; on June 10, 2026; and on June 10, 2027; During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, certain participants redeemed an aggregate of vested LTIP Units for the Company s common stock and forfeited an aggregate of LTIP Units. A detail of the Company s outstanding time-based LTIP Units as of September 30, 2024 is as follows: Unvested units LTIP Units outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Performance Based Awards The Board has approved annual performance-based LTIP awards Annual Awards and long-term performance-based LTIP awards Long-Term Awards and together with the Annual Awards, Performance Awards to the executive officers and other employees of the Company. As described below, the Annual Awards have one-year performance periods and the Long-Term Awards have performance periods. In addition to meeting specified performance metrics, vesting in the Performance Awards is subject to service requirements. Performance Awards. A detail of the Performance Awards under the 2022, 2023 and 2024 programs as of September 30, 2024 is as follows: 

2023 Long-Term Awards 2024 Annual Awards (1) 2024 Long-Term Awards (2) Total target Performance Awards as of September 30, 2024 

 (1) Approved by the Board on February 21, 2024. The number of target LTIP Units was based on the average closing price of the Company s common stock reported on the New York Stock Exchange over the trading days preceding the award date. (2) Approved by the Board on February 21, 2024. The number of target LTIP Units was based on the fair value of the Long-Term Awards as determined by an independent valuation consultant . 
 Annual Awards . The Annual Awards are subject to the terms and conditions of LTIP Annual Award Agreements LTIP Annual Award Agreements between the Company and each grantee. The Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee and the Board established performance goals for the year ending December 31, 2024, as set forth in the 2024 LTIP Annual Award Agreements (the Performance Goals that will be 

 -20- 

Table of Contents 
 of the number of his/her target LTIP Units. Any 2024 Annual Award LTIP Units that are not earned will be forfeited and cancelled. Vesting. LTIP Units that are earned as of the end of the applicable performance period will vest in two installments as follows: of the earned LTIP Units will become vested on the valuation date of the awards (which is expected to occur in February 2025) and of the earned LTIP Units become vested on the one year anniversary of the initial vesting date. Vesting may be accelerated under certain circumstances such as a change-in-control transaction or a qualified termination event. Distributions. Distributions equal to the dividends declared and paid by the Company will accrue during the applicable performance period on the estimated maximum number of LTIP Units that the grantee could earn and will be paid with respect to all of the earned LTIP Units at the conclusion of the applicable performance period, in cash or by the issuance of additional LTIP Units at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Long-Term Awards. The Long-Term Awards are subject to the terms and conditions of their related LTIP Long-Term Award Agreements (collectively the LTIP Long-Term Award Agreements between the Company and each grantee. The number of LTIP Units that each grantee earns under the LTIP Long-Term Award Agreements will be determined following the conclusion of a performance period based on the Company s (i) total stockholder return TSR ), which is determined based on a combination of appreciation in stock price and dividends paid during the performance period, and (ii) relative stockholder return RSR ), which is determined by comparing the Company s TSR with the TSRs of the companies that comprise the Dow Jones U.S. Real Estate Health Care Index (the Index ). Each grantee may earn up to of the number of target LTIP Units covered by the grantee s Long-Term Award. Any target LTIP Units that are not earned will be forfeited and cancelled. The number of LTIP Units earned under the Long-Term Awards will be determined as soon as reasonably practicable following the end of the applicable performance period based on the Company s TSR on an absolute basis (as to of the Long-Term Award) and RSR (as to of the Long-Term Award). Vesting. LTIP Units that are earned as of the end of the applicable three-year performance period will vest in two installments as follows: of the earned LTIP Units will vest upon the day prior to the third anniversary of the respective grant dates and the remaining will vest on the one year anniversary of the initial vesting date. Vesting may be accelerated under certain circumstances such as a change-in-control transaction or a qualified termination event. Distributions. Pursuant to the LTIP Long-Term Award Agreements, distributions equal to the dividends declared and paid by the Company will accrue during the applicable performance period on the estimated maximum number of LTIP Units that the grantee could earn and will be paid with respect to all of the earned LTIP Units at the conclusion of the applicable performance period, in cash or by the issuance of additional LTIP Units at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Stock-Based Compensation Expense Compensation expense for LTIP Unit grants, Annual Awards, and Long-Term Awards is based on the grant date fair value of the units/awards, with no subsequent remeasurement required. As the Long-Term Awards involve market-based performance conditions, the Company utilizes a Monte Carlo simulation to provide a grant date fair value for expense recognition. The Monte Carlo simulation is a generally accepted statistical technique used, in this instance, to simulate a range of possible future stock prices for the Company and the members of the Index over the Performance Periods. The purpose of this modeling is to use a probabilistic approach for estimating the fair value of the performance share award. The assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation include beginning average stock price, valuation date stock price, expected volatilities, correlation coefficients, risk-free rate of interest, and expected dividend yield. The beginning average stock price is the beginning average stock price for the Company and each member of the Index for the trading days leading up to the grant date of the Long-Term Award. The valuation date stock price is the closing stock price of the Company and each of the peer companies in the Index on the grant dates of the Long-Term Awards. The expected volatilities are modeled using the historical volatilities for the Company and the members of the Index. The correlation coefficients are calculated using the same data as the historical volatilities. The risk-free rate of interest is taken from the U.S. Treasury website and relates to the expected life of the remaining performance period on valuation or 

 -21- 

Table of Contents 
 , which is mathematically equivalent to reinvesting dividends in the issuing entity, which is part of the Company s award agreement assumptions. Target awards Volatility Risk-free rate Dividend assumption Expected term in years The Company incurred stock compensation expense of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the grants awarded under the Plan. Compensation expense is included within General and Administrative expense in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2024, total unamortized compensation expense related to these awards of approximately million is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of years. . Payments from the Company s tenants for CAM are considered nonlease components that are separated from lease components and are generally accounted for in accordance with the revenue recognition standard. However, the Company qualified for and elected the practical expedient related to combining the components because the lease component is classified as an operating lease and the timing and pattern of transfer of CAM income, which is not the predominant component, is the same as the lease component, for all asset classes. As such, consideration for CAM is accounted for as part of the overall consideration in the lease. Payments from customers for property taxes and insurance are considered non-components of the lease and therefore no consideration is allocated to them because they do not transfer a good or service to the customer. Fixed contractual payments from the Company s leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases. This means that, with respect to a particular lease, actual amounts billed in accordance with the lease during any given period may be higher or lower than the amount of rental revenue recognized for the period. Straight-line rental revenue is commenced when the tenant assumes control of the leased premises. Accrued straight-line rents receivable represents the amount by which straight-line rental revenue exceeds rents currently billed in accordance with lease agreements. Some of the Company s leases are subject to annual changes in the Consumer Price Index CPI ). Although increases in CPI are not estimated as part of the Company s measurement of straight-line rental revenue, for leases with base rent increases based on 

 -22- 

Table of Contents 
 and of rental revenue related to operating lease payments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and of rental revenue related to operating lease payments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Of these amounts, and relate to variable rental revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and relate to variable rental revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Information as Lessee The Company recorded a right of use asset and liability in May 2023 on the commencement date of the lease for its corporate headquarters in Bethesda, Maryland. The Company used a discount rate of approximately to record the right of use asset and liability, which represented its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date. Additionally, the Company has buildings located on land that is subject to operating ground leases with a weighted average remaining term of approximately . Rental payments on these leases are adjusted periodically based on either the CPI or on a pre-determined schedule. The monthly payments on a pre-determined schedule are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases. Changes in the CPI are not estimated as part of our measurement of straight-line rental expense. The Company used a weighted average discount rate of approximately to record the right of use assets and liabilities, which was derived, using a portfolio approach, from our assessment of the credit quality of the Company and adjusted to reflect secured borrowing, estimated yield curves and long-term spread adjustments over appropriate tenors. Some of the Company s ground leases contain extension options and, where we determined it was reasonably certain that an extension would occur, they were included in our calculation of the right of use asset and liability. The Company recognized approximately and of ground lease expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, of which and was paid in cash. The Company recognized approximately and of ground lease expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, of which and was paid in cash. 

 -23- 

Table of Contents 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Discount ) Lease liability Tenant Concentration During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s rental revenues were derived from tenants leasing buildings. 

 -24- 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes to those financial statements, included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report ). Some of the statements we make in this section are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section below entitled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Certain risk factors may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. For a discussion of such risk factors, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, that was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or the Commission on February 28, 2024. Unless otherwise indicated, all dollar and share amounts in the following discussion are presented in thousands. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). In particular, statements pertaining to our trends, liquidity, capital resources, and the healthcare industry and the healthcare real estate markets and opportunity, among others, contain forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology including, but not limited to, believes, expects, may, will, should, seeks, approximately, intends, plans, estimates or anticipates or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties and you should not rely on them as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods which may be incorrect or imprecise and we may not be able to realize them. We do not guarantee that the transactions and events described will happen as described (or that they will happen at all). The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: difficulties in identifying healthcare facilities to acquire (due to increased cost of capital, competition or otherwise) and completing such acquisitions; defaults on or non-renewal of leases by tenants; our ability to collect rents; increases in interest rates and increased operating costs; macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, including, but not limited to, inflationary pressures, interest rate volatility, distress in the banking sector, global supply chain disruptions and ongoing geopolitical conflicts and war; changes in current healthcare and healthcare real estate trends and costs, including wage inflation; an epidemic or pandemic (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments, agencies, law enforcement and/or health authorities implement to address it; our ability to satisfy the covenants in our existing and any future debt agreements; decreased rental rates or increased vacancy rates, including expected rent levels on acquired properties; adverse economic or real estate conditions or developments, either nationally or in the markets in which our facilities are located; our failure to generate sufficient cash flows to service our outstanding obligations; our ability to satisfy our short and long-term liquidity requirements; 

 -25- 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to deploy the debt and equity capital we raise; our ability to hedge our interest rate risk; our ability to raise additional equity and debt capital on terms that are attractive or at all; our ability to make distributions on shares of our common and preferred stock or to redeem our preferred stock; expectations regarding the timing and/or completion of any acquisition; expectations regarding the timing and/or completion of dispositions, and the expected use of proceeds therefrom; general volatility of the market price of our common and preferred stock; changes in our business or our investment or financing strategy; our dependence upon key personnel, whose continued service is not guaranteed; our ability to identify, hire and retain highly qualified personnel in the future; the degree and nature of our competition; changes in healthcare laws, governmental regulations, tax laws and similar matters; changes in expected trends in Medicare, Medicaid and commercial insurance reimbursement trends; competition for investment opportunities; our failure to successfully integrate acquired healthcare facilities; our expected capital and tenant improvement expenditures; changes in accounting policies generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP lack of, or insufficient amounts of, insurance; other factors affecting the real estate industry generally; changes in the tax treatment of our distributions; our failure to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; our ability to qualify for the safe harbor from the 100 prohibited transactions tax under the REIT rules with respect to our property dispositions; and limitations imposed on our business due to, and our ability to satisfy, complex rules relating to REIT qualification for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further discussion of these and other risks, as well as the risks, uncertainties and other factors discussed in this Report and identified in other documents we may file with the SEC from time to time. You should carefully consider these risks before making any investment decisions in our company. New risks and uncertainties may also emerge from time to time that could materially and adversely affect us. While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, of new information, data or methods, future events or other changes after the date of this Report, except as required by applicable law. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements that are based on information currently available to us or the third parties making the forward-looking statements. 

 -26- 

Table of Contents 
 Objective of MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A is a narrative explanation of the financial statements and other statistical data that we believe will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. The objectives of MD A are: a. To provide a narrative explanation of our financial statements that enables investors to see the Company from management s perspective; b. To enhance the overall financial disclosure and provide the context within which financial information should be analyzed; and c. To provide information about the quality of, and potential variability of, our earnings and cash flow so that investors can ascertain the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance. 
 Overview Global Medical REIT Inc. (the Company, us, we, or our is a Maryland corporation and internally managed REIT that acquires healthcare facilities and leases those facilities to physician groups and regional and national healthcare systems. We hold our facilities and conduct our operations through a Delaware limited partnership subsidiary, Global Medical REIT L.P. (the Operating Partnership ). Our wholly owned subsidiary, Global Medical REIT GP LLC, is the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership and, as of September 30, 2024, we owned 92.51 of the outstanding common operating partnership units OP Units of our Operating Partnership, with an aggregate of 7.49 of the Operating Partnership owned by holders of long-term incentive plan units LTIP Units and third-party limited partners who contributed properties or services to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units. Our revenues are derived from the rental and operating expense reimbursement payments we receive from our tenants, and most of our leases are medium to long-term triple net leases with contractual rent escalation provisions. Our primary expenses are depreciation, interest, and general and administrative expenses. We finance our acquisitions with a mixture of debt and equity primarily from our cash from operations, borrowings under our Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility (the Credit Facility ), and stock issuances. Business Overview and Strategy Our business strategy is to invest in healthcare properties that provide an attractive rate of return relative to our cost of capital and are operated by profitable physician groups, regional or national healthcare systems or combinations thereof. We believe this strategy allows us to attain our goals of providing stockholders with (i) reliable dividends and (ii) stock price appreciation. To implement this strategy, we seek to invest: in off-campus medical outpatient buildings and other de-centralized components of the healthcare delivery system because we believe that healthcare delivery trends in the U.S. are increasingly moving away from centralized hospital locations; 
 in small to mid-sized healthcare facilities located in secondary markets and suburbs of primary markets and that provide services needed for an aging population, such as cardiovascular treatment, rehabilitation, eye surgery, gastroenterology, oncology treatment and orthopedics. We believe these facilities and markets are typically overlooked by larger REITs and other healthcare investors but contain tenant credit profiles that are like those of larger, more expensive facilities in primary markets; and 
 to a lesser extent, in opportunistic acquisitions, including behavioral and mental health facilities that are operated by national or regional operators and are located in markets that demonstrate a need for such services. 
 Most of our healthcare facilities are leased to single-tenants under triple-net leases. As we continue to grow our portfolio and the competition for single-tenant, triple-net leased properties has intensified, we have added to our portfolio some multi-tenant properties with gross lease or modified gross lease structures. 

 -27- 

Table of Contents 
 Corporate Sustainability and Social Responsibility Our business values integrate environmental sustainability, social responsibility, and strong governance practices throughout our Company. Our Board of Directors (the Board continues to lead our environmental, social and governance ESG efforts through a standing ESG committee. The primary purpose of the ESG committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities to provide oversight and support of our commitment to ESG matters by overseeing: (1) our general ESG strategy and policies as set by our management, (2) communications with our employees, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to ESG matters, (3) developments relating to, and improving our understanding of, ESG matters, (4) our compliance with certain ESG-related legal and regulatory requirements, and (5) coordination with our other Board committees on ESG matters of common import. In June 2024, we released our third Corporate Social Responsibility Report, which detailed our progress and areas of focus in the ESG realm. The contents of our Corporate Social Responsibility Report are not incorporated by reference into this Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. Our commitment to employee engagement remains a high-priority, as we continue to make accommodations for health, safety, and work-life balance, including at our headquarters which is LEED platinum certified and includes a fitness center, caf and roof-top lounge. Climate Change Risk We take climate change and the risks associated with climate change seriously, including both physical and transitional risks. We utilize software to help us identify and measure the potential climate risk exposure for our properties. The software analysis summarizes the climate change-related risks, groups them by onset potential and identifies opportunities for risk mitigation. We prioritize energy efficiency and sustainability when evaluating investment opportunities and have begun to monitor our portfolio for climate risk factors. We utilize utility and energy audits that are performed by third-party engineering consultants during the due diligence phase of our acquisitions. The energy consumption data that we collect is used to assess our facilities carbon emission levels. Capturing and tracking this information may help inform future mitigation and remediation efforts when possible. To that end, we continue to explore ways to mitigate climate risk, should it be present, in our acquisition strategy, as well as ways to contribute to the reduction of climate impact through proactive asset management that looks for ways to incorporate renewable energy resources and energy utilization reduction. We stand with our communities, tenants, and stockholders in supporting meaningful solutions that address this global challenge and contribute to the sustainability of our business objectives. Impact of Increased Interest Rates and Inflation After many years of low inflation, the U.S. inflation rate increased substantially during 2022 and remained elevated during 2023 and into the first quarter of 2024. In response to elevated inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve (the Fed increased the target range for the Federal Funds Rate from 0.25 0.50 in the first quarter of 2022 to 5.25 5.50 as of August 2024. Many market participants had anticipated that the high trajectory of interest rates during 2022 and throughout 2023 would lead to an economic recession towards the end of 2023 that would have caused the Fed to begin lowering the Federal Funds Rate. However, certain components of the U.S. economy outperformed expectations and inflation continued to remain higher than the Fed s target rate, causing the Fed to take a wait-and-see approach to monetary policy rather than beginning a process of lowering the Federal Funds Rate. In September 2024, with the Fed comfortable that the U.S. inflation rate was trending lower, the Fed lowered the target range for the Federal Funds rate by 0.50 to 4.75 - 5.00 , marking the first rate reduction in four years. Currently, the market is anticipating at least one additional rate cut in 2024 as well as further cuts in 2025. While the initial impact of the Fed s September rate cut was positive, subsequent market sentiment has been more negative with yields on U.S. Treasuries rising during October. The increase in the Federal Funds Rate since 2022, along with other actions taken by the Fed, have had a ripple effect on other benchmark interest rates, including one-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), which is the reference rate for our indebtedness under the Credit Facility. During the first half of 2024, SOFR remained elevated and ranged from 5.40 at the beginning of the year to 5.33 at the end of the second quarter. In response to the Fed s rate cut in September, SOFR decreased to 4.85 as of 

 -28- 

Table of Contents 
 September 30, 2024, which is lower than it has been during the year, but still significantly higher than in 2021. Interest costs on our floating rate borrowings are directly impacted by changes in SOFR; accordingly, changes in SOFR can either positively or negatively affect our operating profits. Such changes can also impact the market for our target assets. Continuing Impact of Healthcare Wage Inflation The COVID-19 epidemic affected the healthcare industry in many ways. Many stories exist about U.S. healthcare workers, especially nurses, experiencing burnout due to the length and severity of the epidemic, and this has caused many nurses and other medical professionals to switch jobs within the medical profession or quit their professions altogether. This phenomenon has led to material increases in labor costs for healthcare systems, especially hospital systems, as some employers have had to rely on higher costing contract nursing labor to sustain their businesses. Although reliance on contract nursing and overall healthcare wage inflation may moderate during 2024, the overall increase in healthcare labor costs remains. Whether enhanced technology and cost-saving measures and increased reimbursements from payors will help offset these costs remains to be seen. Executive Summary The following table summarizes the primary changes in our business and operations during the periods presented. 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except per share and unit amounts) Rental revenue 34,175 35,487 103,458 108,003 Depreciation and amortization expense 13,642 14,195 41,720 43,890 Interest expense 7,236 7,170 21,119 23,909 General and administrative expense 4,381 4,367 13,416 12,633 Gain (loss) on sale of investment properties 1,823 2,289 (1,560) 15,560 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share 0.03 0.05 (0.01) 0.24 FFO attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interest per share and unit (1) 0.19 0.22 0.60 0.64 AFFO attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interest per share and unit (1) 0.22 0.23 0.67 0.69 Dividends per share of common stock 0.21 0.21 0.63 0.63 Weighted average common stock outstanding 65,737 65,565 65,633 65,545 Weighted average OP Units outstanding 2,244 2,244 2,244 2,020 Weighted average LTIP Units outstanding 3,170 2,757 3,055 2,697 Total weighted average shares and units outstanding 71,151 70,566 70,932 70,262 

 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures, for a description of our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures. 

As of September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Investment in real estate, gross 1,436,881 1,426,969 Total debt, net 628,875 611,232 Weighted average interest rate 3.79 3.83 Total equity (including noncontrolling interest) 564,606 605,814 Net leasable square feet 4,776,383 4,748,626 

 -29- 

Table of Contents 
 Our Properties As of September 30, 2024, our portfolio consisted of gross investment in real estate of 1.4 billion, with an aggregate of 4.8 million leasable square feet and an aggregate 107.8 million of annualized base rent. Completed Acquisitions In May 2024, we entered into a purchase agreement to acquire a 15-property portfolio (the 15-property portfolio of outpatient medical real estate. In July 2024 we completed the acquisition of five properties in the 15-property portfolio encompassing 94,494 leasable square feet for an aggregate purchase price of 30.8 million with aggregate annualized base rent of 2.5 million. In October 2024 we completed the acquisition of the remaining 10 properties in the 15-property portfolio encompassing 159,726 leasable square feet for an aggregate purchase price of 49.5 million with aggregate annualized base rent of 3.9 million. In aggregate the 15-property portfolio had a purchase price of 80.3 million with 254,220 leasable square feet and annualized base rent of 6.4 million. Completed Property Dispositions During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed three dispositions that generated aggregate gross proceeds of 20.2 million, resulting in an aggregate loss of 1.6 million. Capital Raising Activity In January 2024, the Company and the Operating Partnership implemented a 300 million at-the-market equity offering program, pursuant to which we may offer and sell (including through forward sales), from time to time, shares of our common stock (the 2024 ATM Program ). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated gross proceeds of 12.0 million through ATM equity issuances of 1.2 million shares of our common stock at an average offering price of 9.95 per share. Debt Activity During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we borrowed 82.8 million under the Credit Facility and repaid 55.4 million, for a net amount borrowed of 27.4 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we borrowed 38.1 million under the Credit Facility and repaid 115.4 million, for a net amount repaid of 77.3 million. As of September 30, 2024, the net outstanding Credit Facility balance was 614.4 million and as of November 5, 2024, we had unutilized borrowing capacity under the Revolver of 221 million. Recent Developments Acquisitions Under Contract Subsequent to September 30, 2024 In October 2024, the Company entered into a purchase agreement to acquire a 5-property portfolio for an aggregate purchase price of 69.6 million. The Company expects to complete this acquisition in two tranches during the first half of 2025. The Company s obligation to close the acquisition is subject to certain customary terms and conditions, including due diligence reviews. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the Company will close this acquisition on a timely basis, or at all. Trends Which May Influence Our Results of Operations We believe the following trends may positively impact our results of operations: An aging population . According to the 2020 U.S. Census, the nation s 65-and-older population has grown rapidly since 2010, driven by the aging of Baby Boomers born between 1946 and 1964. The 65-and-older population grew by over a third during the past decade, and by 3.2 from 2018 to 2019. We believe this segment of the U.S. population will utilize many of the services provided at our healthcare facilities such as orthopedics, cardiac, gastroenterology and rehabilitation. 

 -30- 

Table of Contents 
 A continuing shift towards outpatient care . According to the American Hospital Association, patients are demanding more outpatient operations. We believe this shift in patient preference from inpatient to outpatient facilities will benefit our tenants as most of our properties consist of outpatient facilities. Physician practice group and hospital consolidation . We believe the trend towards physician group consolidation will serve to strengthen the credit quality of our tenants if our tenants merge or are consolidated with larger health systems. 
 We believe the following trends may negatively impact our results of operations: Interest rates remain at elevated levels. Although the Fed reduced the Federal Funds Rate by 0.50 to 4.75 to 5.00 at its September 2024 meeting, interest rates have remained at elevated levels since the Fed began increasing the Federal Funds Rate in 2022, and there is no guarantee that the Fed will continue lowering the Fed Funds Rate in 2024 or 2025, especially if inflation rises above the Fed s target level. Although term SOFR, which is the reference rate for our floating rate debt, has decreased since the latest Fed Funds Rate cut, is expected to continue decreasing during 2024 and 2025, any action or inaction by the Fed in the coming months could affect the timing and amounts of such decreases. Continued elevated interest rates have contributed to a continued lull in the common stock prices of many REITs, including the price of the Company s common stock. A continued low stock price and elevated interest rates have caused the Company s cost of capital to remain elevated, which, in turn, has significantly reduced the ability to acquire assets that meet the Company s investment requirements. Healthcare Wage Inflation . The COVID-19 epidemic affected the healthcare industry in many ways. Many stories exist about U.S. healthcare workers, especially nurses, experiencing burnout due to the length and severity of the epidemic, and this has caused many nurses and other medical professionals to switch jobs within the medical profession or quit their professions altogether. This phenomenon has led to material increases in labor costs for healthcare systems, especially hospital systems, as some employers have had to rely on higher costing contract nursing labor to sustain their businesses. Although reliance on contract nursing and overall healthcare wage inflation may moderate during 2024, the overall increase in healthcare labor costs remains. Whether enhanced technology and cost-saving measures and increased reimbursements from payors will help offset these costs remains to be seen. Changes in third party reimbursement methods and policies . The price of healthcare services has been increasing, and, as a result, we believe that third-party payors, such as Medicare and commercial insurance companies, will continue to scrutinize and reduce the types of healthcare services eligible for, and the amounts of, reimbursement under their health insurance plans. Additionally, many employer-based insurance plans continue to increase the percentage of insurance premiums for which covered individuals are responsible, which makes healthcare services more expensive for individuals. These trends were exacerbated by the COVID-19 epidemic, as medical expenditures increased significantly during the epidemic and have not yet returned to pre-COVID-19 levels. If these trends continue, our tenants businesses will continue to be negatively affected, which may impact their ability to pay rent to us. 

-31- 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires our management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. We base estimates on the best information available to us at the time, our experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, it is possible that different accounting would have been applied, resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. From time to time, we re-evaluate our estimates and assumptions. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Commission on February 28, 2024, for further information regarding the critical accounting policies that affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report. Consolidated Results of Operations Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Revenue Rental revenue 34,175 35,487 (1,312) Other income 89 20 69 Total revenue 34,264 35,507 (1,243) Expenses General and administrative 4,381 4,367 14 Operating expenses 7,437 7,231 206 Depreciation expense 9,993 10,100 (107) Amortization expense 3,649 4,095 (446) Interest expense 7,236 7,170 66 Preacquisition expense Total expenses 32,696 32,963 (267) Income before gain from sale of investment properties 1,568 2,544 (976) Gain on sale of investment properties 1,823 2,289 (466) Net income 3,391 4,833 (1,442) Revenue Total Revenue Total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 34.3 million, compared to 35.5 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 1.2 million. The decrease primarily resulted from changes in our portfolio between the periods, including a reduction in portfolio occupancy in 2024 compared to 2023 as well as the impact of tenants placed on cash basis accounting subsequent to the end of the third quarter of 2023. Within that decrease, 4.8 million in revenue was recognized from net lease expense recoveries during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.3 million for the same period in 2023. 

 -32- 

Table of Contents 
 Expenses General and Administrative General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 4.4 million. An increase in non-cash LTIP compensation expense, which was 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.2 million for the same period in 2023,was partially offset by a decrease in general corporate expenses. Operating Expenses Operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 7.4 million, compared to 7.2 million for the same period in 2023, an increase of 0.2 million. While the increase compared to 2023 is not significant, the increase relative to revenue reflects changes in our portfolio between the periods, including increased costs from properties acquired in 2024, and the impact of tenants placed on cash basis accounting subsequent to the end of the third quarter of 2023, partially offset by a net reduction in costs at other properties. Included in these amounts were 4.8 million of recoverable property operating expenses incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.3 million for the same period in 2023. In addition, our operating expenses included 1.6 million of property operating expenses from gross leases for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.4 million for the same period in 2023. Depreciation Expense Depreciation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 10.0 million, compared to 10.1 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 0.1 million. The decrease primarily resulted from the impact of three property dispositions during 2024, with one disposition completed at the end of the second quarter of 2024 and two dispositions completed during the three months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by the impact of five properties that were acquired in July 2024. Amortization Expense Amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.6 million, compared to 4.1 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 0.5 million. The decrease primarily resulted from the impact of three property dispositions during 2024, with one disposition completed at the end of the second quarter of 2024 and two dispositions completed during the three months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by the impact of five properties that were acquired in July 2024. Interest Expense Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 7.2 million. Slightly lower interest rates were offset by higher average borrowings during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The weighted average interest rate of our debt for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.97 compared to 3.98 for the same period in 2023. Additionally, the weighted average interest rate and term of our debt was 3.79 and 2.2 years at September 30, 2024. Income Before Gain on Sale of Investment Properties Income before gain on sale of investment properties for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.6 million, compared to 2.5 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 0.9 million . Gain on Sale of Investment Properties During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we completed two dispositions resulting in an aggregate gain of 1.8 million. In September 2024, we sold a medical office building located in Panama City Beach, Florida receiving gross proceeds of 1.1 million, resulting in a gain of 0.1 million. In July 2024, we sold a medical office building located in Panama City, Florida receiving gross proceeds of 11.0 million, resulting in a gain of 1.7 million. 

 -33- 

Table of Contents 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we sold a medical office building located in North Charleston, South Carolina receiving gross proceeds of 10.1 million, resulting in a gain of 2.3 million. Net Income Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.4 million, compared to 4.8 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 1.4 million . Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Revenue Rental revenue 103,458 108,003 (4,545) Other income 166 85 81 Total revenue 103,624 108,088 (4,464) Expenses General and administrative 13,416 12,633 783 Operating expenses 22,056 21,989 67 Depreciation expense 30,233 31,062 (829) Amortization expense 11,487 12,828 (1,341) Interest expense 21,119 23,909 (2,790) Preacquisition expense 44 (44) Total expenses 98,311 102,465 (4,154) Income before (loss) gain from sale of investment properties 5,313 5,623 (310) (Loss) gain on sale of investment properties (1,560) 15,560 (17,120) Net income 3,753 21,183 (17,430) Revenue Total Revenue Total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 103.6 million, compared to 108.1 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 4.5 million. The decrease primarily resulted from a full nine months impact of three property dispositions that were completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and the impact from three property dispositions that were completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by the impact of five properties that were acquired in July 2024. Within that decrease, 14.7 million in revenue was recognized from net lease expense recoveries during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 15.5 million for the same period in 2023. Additionally, the current period includes the recognition of reserves for 0.8 million of rent and the write-off of 0.1 million of deferred rent. Expenses General and Administrative General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 13.4 million, compared to 12.6 million for the same period in 2023, an increase of 0.8 million. The increase resulted from an increase in non-cash LTIP compensation expense, which was 3.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3.0 million for the same period in 2023. Operating Expenses Operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 22.1 million, compared to 22.0 million for the same period in 2023, an increase of 0.1 million. While the increase compared to 2023 is not significant, the increase relative to revenue reflects the impact of tenants placed on cash basis accounting subsequent to the end of the third quarter of 2023, partially offset by a net 

 -34- 

Table of Contents 
 reduction in costs at other properties. Included in these amounts were 14.7 million of recoverable property operating expenses incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 15.5 million for the same period in 2023. In addition, our operating expenses included 4.0 million of property operating expenses from gross leases for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.5 million for the same period in 2023. Depreciation Expense Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 30.2 million, compared to 31.1 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 0.9 million. The decrease primarily resulted from a full nine months impact during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from three property dispositions that were completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and the impact from three property dispositions that were completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by the impact of five properties that were acquired in July 2024. Amortization Expense Amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 11.5 million, compared to 12.8 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 1.3 million. The decrease primarily resulted from a full nine months impact during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from three property dispositions that were completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and the impact from three property dispositions that were completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by the impact of five properties that were acquired in July 2024. Interest Expense Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 21.1 million, compared to 23.9 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 2.8 million. This decrease was due to lower interest rates and lower average borrowings during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The weighted average interest rate of our debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.93 compared to 4.22 for the same period in 2023. Additionally, the weighted average interest rate and term of our debt was 3.79 and 2.2 years at September 30, 2024. Income Before (Loss) Gain on Sale of Investment Properties Income before (loss) gain on sale of investment properties for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 5.3 million, compared to 5.6 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 0.3 million . (Loss) Gain on Sale of Investment Properties During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed three dispositions resulting in an aggregate loss of 1.6 million. In September 2024, we sold a medical office building located in Panama City Beach, Florida receiving gross proceeds of 1.1 million, resulting in a gain of 0.1 million. In July 2024, we sold a medical office building located in Panama City, Florida receiving gross proceeds of 11.0 million, resulting in a gain of 1.7 million. In June 2024, we sold an in-patient rehabilitation facility located in Mishawaka, Indiana receiving gross proceeds of 8.1 million, resulting in a loss of 3.4 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we completed three dispositions resulting in an aggregate gain of 15.6 million. In August 2023, we sold a medical office building located in North Charleston, South Carolina receiving gross proceeds of 10.1 million, resulting in a gain of 2.3 million. In June 2023, we sold a portfolio of four medical office buildings located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma receiving gross proceeds of 66.0 million, resulting in a gain of 12.8 million. In March 2023, we sold a medical office building located in Jacksonville, Florida receiving gross proceeds of 4.4 million, resulting in a gain of 0.5 million. Net Income Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.8 million, compared to 21.2 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 17.4 million . 

 -35- 

Table of Contents 
 Assets and Liabilities As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our principal assets consisted of investments in real estate, net, of 1.2 billion. We completed five acquisitions and completed three property sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Our liquid assets consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of 7.8 million and 6.7 million, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The increase in our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balances to 7.8 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 6.7 million as of December 31, 2023, was primarily due to net borrowings on our Credit Facility, net proceeds received from the sale of investment properties, net proceeds received from ATM equity issuances, and net cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by funds used to pay dividends to our common and preferred stockholders and holders of OP Units and LTIP Units, funds used to acquire investment properties, the repayment of notes payable, and funds used for capital expenditures on existing real estate investments and leasing commissions. The increase in our total liabilities to 678.0 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to 661.9 million as of December 31, 2023, was primarily the result of higher net borrowings outstanding on our Credit Facility, partially offset by a lower notes payable balance outstanding. Liquidity and Capital Resources General Our short-term (up to 12 months) liquidity requirements include: Interest expense and scheduled principal payments on outstanding indebtedness; General and administrative expenses; Property operating expenses; Property acquisitions; Distributions on our common and preferred stock and OP Units and LTIP Units; and Capital and tenant improvements and leasing costs. 
 In 2024, we are contractually obligated to pay, or have capital commitments for, principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt and ground and operating lease expenses. In addition, if we decide to redeem our preferred stock in full, we would have to pay the liquidation preference of 77.6 million plus accrued dividends, fees and expenses. Our long-term (beyond 12 months) liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for acquisitions, capital and tenant improvements and leasing costs at our properties, scheduled debt maturities, general and administrative expenses, operating expenses, and distributions. Beyond 2024, we are contractually obligated to pay, or have capital commitments for, principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt and ground and operating lease expenses. We expect to satisfy our short and long-term liquidity needs through various internal and external sources, including cash flow from operations, debt financing, sales of additional equity securities, the issuance of OP Units in connection with acquisitions of additional properties, proceeds from select property dispositions and recapitalization transactions. Internal Sources of Liquidity Our primary internal sources of liquidity include cash flow from operations and proceeds from select property dispositions and recapitalization transactions. 

 -36- 

Table of Contents 
 External Sources of Liquidity Our primary external sources of liquidity include net proceeds received from equity issuances, including the issuance of OP Units in connection with acquisitions of additional properties, and debt financing, including borrowings under our Credit Facility and secured term loans. Equity Issuances In January 2024, the Company and the Operating Partnership implemented the 2024 ATM Program, pursuant to which we may offer and sell (including through forward sales), from time to time, shares of our common stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated gross proceeds of 12.0 million through ATM equity issuances of 1.2 million shares of our common stock at an average offering price of 9.95 per share. Debt Financing Credit Facility. Our Credit Facility consists of (i) the 350 million Term Loan A, (ii) the 150 million Term Loan B, and (iii) the 400 million Revolver. The Credit Facility also contains a 500 million accordion feature. As of November 5, 2024, we had unutilized borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility of 221 million. The Credit Facility is an unsecured facility with a term of (i) four years (beginning on August 1, 2022) for the Revolver (subject to two, six-month extension options), (ii) five years for Term Loan A (beginning on its origination date of May 3, 2021), and (iii) five years and six months (beginning on August 1, 2022) for Term Loan B. We are subject to a number of financial covenants under the Credit Facility, including, among other things, the following as of the end of each fiscal quarter, (i) a maximum consolidated unsecured leverage ratio of less than 60 , (ii) a maximum consolidated secured leverage ratio of less than 30 , (iii) a maximum consolidated secured recourse leverage ratio of less than 10 , (iv) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.50:1.00, (v) a minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio of 1.50:1.00, (vi) a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of less than 60 , and (vii) a minimum net worth of 573 million plus 75 of all net proceeds raised through equity offerings subsequent to March 31, 2022. As of September 30, 2024, management believed it complied with all of the financial and non-financial covenants contained in the Credit Facility. Other Fixed Debt. We have 14.5 million in gross notes payable as of September 30, 2024. This debt is comprised of two instruments. Hedging Instruments. We have nine interest rate swaps that are used to manage our interest rate risk. A description of these swaps is below: Term Loan A Swaps As of September 30, 2024, five of our interest rate swaps related to Term Loan A with a combined notional value of 350 million that fix the SOFR component on Term Loan A through April 2026 at 1.36 . Term Loan B Swaps As of September 30, 2024, four of our interest rate swaps related to Term Loan B with a combined notional value of 150 million that fix the SOFR component on Term Loan B through January 2028 at 2.54 . Total Fixed Debt . Our fixed debt totaled 514.5 million on a gross basis at September 30, 2024, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.18 based on our interest rate swaps and at current leverage. The weighted average maturity of our fixed debt was 2.1 years at September 30, 2024. 

 -37- 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flow Information Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 49.5 million, compared to 50.3 million for the same period in 2023. During the 2024 period net income was lower, non-cash depreciation and amortization expenses were lower, and tenant receivables and deferred assets were higher, partially offset by an aggregate loss on the sale of investment properties, and an increase in non-cash LTIP compensation expense. Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 26.4 million, compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 70.7 million for the same period in 2023. During the 2024 period we received less net proceeds from the sale of investment properties, we used funds to acquire investment properties, and more funds were used for capital expenditures on existing real estate investments and leasing commissions. Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 22.0 million, compared to 127.9 million for the same period in 2023. During the 2024 period, dividends paid to common and preferred stockholders as well as holders of OP Units and LTIP Units and the repayment of our notes payable were partially offset by net borrowings on our Credit Facility and net proceeds received from ATM equity issuances. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Management considers certain non-GAAP financial measures to be useful supplemental measures of the Company's operating performance. A non-GAAP financial measure is generally defined as one that purports to measure financial performance, financial position or cash flows, but excludes or includes amounts that would not be so adjusted in the most comparable measure determined in accordance with GAAP. The Company reports non-GAAP financial measures because these measures are observed by management to also be among the most predominant measures used by the REIT industry and by industry analysts to evaluate REITs. For these reasons, management deems it appropriate to disclose and discuss these non-GAAP financial measures. Set forth below are descriptions of the non-GAAP financial measures management considers relevant to the Company's business and useful to investors, as well as reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The non-GAAP financial measures presented herein are not necessarily identical to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. These measures should not be considered as alternatives to net income, as indicators of the Company's financial performance, or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities as measures of the Company's liquidity, nor are these measures necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all of the Company's needs. Management believes that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of the Company's historical consolidated operating results, these measures should be examined in conjunction with net income and cash flows from operations as presented in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this Report. Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interest FFO and adjusted funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interest AFFO are non-GAAP financial measures within the meaning of the rules of the SEC. The Company considers FFO and AFFO to be important supplemental measures of its operating performance and believes FFO is frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs, many of which present FFO when reporting their results. In accordance with the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT definition, FFO means net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP before noncontrolling interests of holders of OP Units and LTIP Units, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property and extraordinary items, less preferred stock dividends, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of debt issuance costs and the amortization of above and below market leases), and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Because FFO excludes real estate-related depreciation and amortization (other than amortization of debt issuance costs and above and below market lease amortization expense), the Company believes that FFO provides a performance measure that, when compared period-over-period, reflects the impact to operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, development activities and interest costs, providing perspective not immediately apparent from the closest GAAP measurement, net income or loss. 

 -38- 

Table of Contents 
 AFFO is a non-GAAP measure used by many investors and analysts to measure a real estate company s operating performance by removing the effect of items that do not reflect ongoing property operations. Management calculates AFFO by modifying the NAREIT computation of FFO by adjusting it for certain cash and non-cash items and certain recurring and non-recurring items. For the Company these items include recurring acquisition and disposition costs, loss on the extinguishment of debt, recurring straight line deferred rental revenue, recurring stock-based compensation expense, recurring amortization of above and below market leases, recurring amortization of debt issuance costs, and other items . Management believes that reporting AFFO in addition to FFO is a useful supplemental measure for the investment community to use when evaluating the operating performance of the Company on a comparative basis. A reconciliation of net income to FFO and AFFO for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited, in thousands except per share and unit amounts) Net income 3,391 4,833 3,753 21,183 Less: Preferred stock dividends (1,455) (1,455) (4,366) (4,366) Depreciation and amortization expense 13,618 14,161 41,611 43,796 (Gain) loss on sale of investment properties (1,823) (2,289) 1,560 (15,560) FFO attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interest 13,731 15,250 42,558 45,053 Amortization of above market leases, net 282 234 782 812 Straight line deferred rental revenue (501) (721) (1,264) (2,363) Stock-based compensation expense 1,274 1,185 3,826 3,020 Amortization of debt issuance costs and other 559 593 1,684 1,795 Preacquisition expense 44 AFFO attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interest 15,345 16,541 47,586 48,361 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share basic and diluted 0.03 0.05 (0.01) 0.24 FFO attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interest per share and unit 0.19 0.22 0.60 0.64 AFFO attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interest per share and unit 0.22 0.23 0.67 0.69 Weighted Average Shares and Units Outstanding basic and diluted 71,151 70,566 70,932 70,262 Weighted Average Shares and Units Outstanding: Weighted Average Common Shares 65,737 65,565 65,633 65,545 Weighted Average OP Units 2,244 2,244 2,244 2,020 Weighted Average LTIP Units 3,170 2,757 3,055 2,697 Weighted Average Shares and Units Outstanding basic and diluted 71,151 70,566 70,932 70,262 

 -39- 

Table of Contents 
 Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization for Real Estate (EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre) The Company calculates EBITDA re in accordance with standards established by NAREIT and defines EBITDA re as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP plus depreciation and amortization, interest expense, gain or loss on the sale of investment properties, and impairment loss, as applicable. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA re as EBITDA re plus loss on extinguishment of debt, non-cash stock compensation expense, non-cash intangible amortization related to above and below market leases, preacquisition expense and other normalizing items. Management considers EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA re important measures because they provide additional information to allow management, investors, and our current and potential creditors to evaluate and compare our core operating results and our ability to service debt. A reconciliation of net income to EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA re for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited and in thousands) Net income 3,391 4,833 3,753 21,183 Interest expense 7,236 7,170 21,119 23,909 Depreciation and amortization expense 13,642 14,195 41,720 43,890 (Gain) loss on sale of investment properties (1,823) (2,289) 1,560 (15,560) EBITDA re 22,446 23,909 68,152 73,422 Stock-based compensation expense 1,274 1,185 3,826 3,020 Amortization of above market leases, net 282 234 782 812 Preacquisition expense 44 Adjusted EBITDA re 24,002 25,328 72,760 77,298 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Market risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business and investment objectives, we expect that the primary market risk to which we will be exposed is interest rate risk. We may be exposed to the effects of interest rate changes primarily as a result of debt used to acquire healthcare facilities, including borrowings under the Credit Facility. The analysis below presents the sensitivity of the value of our variable rate financial obligations to selected changes in market interest rates. The range of changes chosen reflects our view of changes which are reasonably possible over a one-year period. As of September 30, 2024, we had 119.8 million of unhedged borrowings outstanding under the Revolver (before the netting of unamortized debt issuance costs) that bears interest at a variable rate. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Liquidity and Capital Resources, for a detailed discussion of our Credit Facility. At September 30, 2024, SOFR on our outstanding floating-rate borrowings was 4.85 . Assuming no increase in the amount of our variable interest rate debt, if SOFR increased 100 basis points, our cash flow would decrease by approximately 1.2 million annually. Assuming no increase in the amount of our variable rate debt, if SOFR were reduced 100 basis points, our cash flow would increase by approximately 1.2 million annually. Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve our objectives, we may borrow at fixed rates or floating rates. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Hedging Instruments , for a description of our interest rate swaps. We may enter into additional derivative financial instruments, including interest rate swaps and caps, in order to mitigate our interest rate risk on our future borrowings. We will not enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes. In addition to changes in interest rates, the value of our investments is subject to fluctuations based on changes in local and regional economic conditions and changes in the creditworthiness of tenants/operators and borrowers, which may affect our ability to refinance our debt if necessary. 

 -40- 

Table of Contents 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms, and that information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive and financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024 pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be included in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting No changes were made to our internal control over financial reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party or to which any of our properties is subject, which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. From time to time, we may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. There can be no assurance that these matters that arise in the future, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations in any future period. Item 1A. Risk Factors During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to the risk factors that were disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 

 -41- 

Table of Contents 
 Item 5. . 

 -42- 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits (a) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Articles of Restatement of Global Medical REIT Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2018). 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Global Medical REIT Inc., adopted as of December 7, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on December 7, 2022). 4.1 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A as filed with the SEC on June 15, 2016). 4.2 Specimen of 7.50 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on September 14, 2017). 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Such certification shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 -43- 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

GLOBAL MEDICAL REIT INC . Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Jeffrey M. Busch Jeffrey M. Busch Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Robert J. Kiernan Robert J. Kiernan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

 -44- 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gmre-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Jeffrey M. Busch, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Global Medical REIT Inc. (the registrant ; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Jeffrey M. Busch Jeffrey M. Busch, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gmre-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Robert J. Kiernan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Global Medical REIT Inc. (the registrant ; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Robert J. Kiernan Robert J. Kiernan, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gmre-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Global Medical REIT Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey M. Busch, Chief Executive Officer of the Company and I, Robert J. Kiernan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Jeffrey M. Busch Jeffrey M. Busch, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Robert J. Kiernan Robert J. Kiernan, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 This certification accompanies this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gmre-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 gmre-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 gmre-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gmre-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

