<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1880343_0001554795-24-000287.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5001654</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116822</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>860944</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1459189</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1085375</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1366044</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-24-000287.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160159
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-24-000287
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fresh Vine Wine, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001880343
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				873905007
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41147
		FILM NUMBER:		241461584

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 78984
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28271
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-766-9463

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 78984
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28271

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRESH GRAPES, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210826

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-24-000287.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 vine1114form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________________________ to _________________________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

,

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes 

As of November 14, 2024, the registrant
had shares of common stock outstanding. 

FRESH VINE WINE, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 30 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 31 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 31 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 31 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 33 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 33 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 

Item 5. Other Information 
 33 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 34 

Signatures 
 35 

i 

Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements 

We make forward-looking statements
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, 
 might, should, would, could, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 intend, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue, 
and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to known and unknown
risks, uncertainties, and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies
and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about
future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance, or achievements to differ
materially from the results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In
particular, you should consider the numerous risks and uncertainties described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, in the other reports and documents that we file with the
SEC, and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

While
we believe we have identified material risks, these risks and uncertainties are not exhaustive. New risks and uncertainties emerge from
time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements. 

Although
we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level
of activity, performance, or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness
of any of these forward-looking statements. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events.
The forward-looking statements in this report represent our views as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, and we do not intend
to do so. 

Forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements about: 

our ability to complete, on a timely basis or at all, the proposed Business Combination with Adifex Holdings LLC, pursuant to the
terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement; 

the likelihood of the satisfaction of certain conditions to the completion of the Business Combination and whether and when the Business
Combination will be completed; 

the continued listing of our common stock on the NYSE American pending closing of the proposed Business Combination, or new combined
company s ability to satisfy the initial listing standards of the NYSE American; 

the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance or condition that could give rise to the termination of the Business Combination
Agreement; 

the sufficiency of our cash and working capital to support continuing operations and to pay transaction expenses of up to 10,000,000
through the closing of the proposed Business Combination; 

the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed Business Combination on our business relationships, operating
results and business generally; 

the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the Business Combination Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby; 

the expected benefits of, and potential value created by, the Business Combination for our stockholders;; 

the strategy or future operations of the new combined company following the closing of the proposed Business Combination; 

the new combined company s projected
financial performance; 

our ability to continue as a going concern in the absence of obtaining additional financing; 

our ability to obtain additional financing within timeframes required on terms acceptable to us, or at all; 

our ability to regain and maintain compliance with NYSE American continued listing standards ; 

the strategy or future operations of our company; 

our company s projected financial performance; 

expectations concerning Fresh Vine s relationships and actions with third parties; 

our ability to retain or recruit, or effect changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors; 

future regulatory, judicial and legislative changes in Fresh Vine s industry; 

our reliance on our brand name, reputation and product quality; 

our ability to adequately address the demands that may be placed on our management, operational and production capabilities; 

the effectiveness of our advertising and promotional activities and investments; 

our ability to refocus our marketing and brand promotion efforts following the termination of the license agreements with our celebrity brand ambassadors; 

ii 

general competitive conditions, including actions our competitors may take to grow their businesses; 

fluctuations in consumer demand for wine; 

overall decline in the health of the economy and consumer discretionary spending; 

the occurrence of adverse weather events, natural disasters, public health emergencies or other unforeseen circumstances that may cause delays to or interruptions in our operations; 

risks associated with disruptions in our supply chain for grapes and raw and processed materials, including corks, glass bottles, barrels, winemaking additives and agents, water and other supplies; 

the impact of COVID-19 on our customers, suppliers, business operations and financial results; 

disrupted or delayed service by the distributors we rely on for the distribution of our wines; 

our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy, including continuing our expansion in the direct-to-consumer sales channel; 

quarterly and seasonal fluctuations in our operating results; 

our ability to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property rights, including our brand and reputation; 

our ability to comply with laws and regulations affecting our business, including those relating to the manufacture, sale and distribution of wine; 

the risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic risks and conditions; 

claims, demands and lawsuits to which we are, and may in the future, be subject and the existence or sufficiency of our insurance or indemnities coverage; 

our ability to operate, update or implement our IT systems; 

our ability to successfully pursue strategic acquisitions and integrate acquired businesses; 

our ability to remediate any material weakness in, or to maintain effective, internal
controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the future trading prices of our common stock and the impact of securities analysts reports on these prices; 

our ability to pay accrued dividends to the holders of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; and 

any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations, including the execution of integration plans and the anticipated timing of filings. 

In addition, statements that
 we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on
information available to us as of the date of this report. Although we believe that information provides a reasonable basis for these
statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive
inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly
rely on these statements. 

iii 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 2 
 
 Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 6 

1 

FRESH VINE WINE, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

September
 30, 

2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 December 31, 
 2023 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Restricted
 cash 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Total
 current assets 

Equity
 investment 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities,
 and stockholders deficit 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Settlement
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Accrued
 expenses - related parties 

Deferred
 revenue 

Note
 payable 

Convertible
 notes payable, net of discount 

Total
 current liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Stockholders 
 deficit 

Preferred
 stock, par value - shares authorized 

Series
 A preferred stock, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Series
 B preferred stock, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Common stock,
 par value - shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued
 and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders deficit 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

2 

FRESH VINE WINE, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

Three months
 ended 
 Nine months
 ended 

September
 30, 
 September
 30, 

2024 
 2023
 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Wholesale
 revenue 

Direct
 to consumer revenue 

Total
 net revenue 

Cost
 of revenues 

Gain from recovery
 of inventory reserve 

Gross
 profit (loss) 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

Equity-based
 compensation 

Operating
 loss 

Other
 income 

Interest
 expense 

Net
 loss 

Preferred
 dividends Series A 

Net
 loss attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net loss
 per share basic 

Net loss
 per share diluted 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

3 

FRESH VINE WINE, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
(DEFICIT) 

 For the Three and Nine Month Periods Ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

Preferred
 Stock Series A 
 Preferred
 Stock Series B 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Rights
 offering common stock and warrants issued 

Equity-based
 compensation 

Stock
 forfeiture 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 March 31, 2023 

Equity-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 June 30, 2023 

Issuance
 of preferred stock 

Accrued
 preferred dividends, Series A /share) 

Equity-based
 compensation 

Stock
 forfeiture 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 September 30, 2023 

Preferred
 Stock Series A 
 Preferred
 Stock Series B 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2023 

Issuance
 of Series B preferred stock 

Accrued
 preferred dividends, Series A /share) 

Equity-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 March 31, 2024 

Issuance
 of Series B preferred stock 

Accrued
 preferred dividends, Series A /share) 

Equity-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 June 30, 2024 

Accrued
 preferred dividends, Series A /share) 

Equity-based
 compensation 

Issuance of
 warrants, with convertible notes payable 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 September 30, 2024 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

4 

FRESH VINE WINE, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

Nine
 Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization
 of debt discount 

Equity-based
 compensation 

Inventory
 write-down 

Allowance
 for doubtful accounts 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts
 receivable 

Insurance
 recovery receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid
 expenses and other 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 compensation 

Settlement
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Accrued
 expenses - related parties 

Deferred
 revenue 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities 

Proceeds
 from notes payable 

Proceeds
 from convertible notes payable and warrants 

Proceeds
 from issuance of Series A preferred stock - net of issuance costs 

Proceeds
 from issuance of Series B preferred stock - net of issuance costs 

Proceeds
 from rights offering - net of issuance costs 

Payments
 on note payable 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 decrease in cash and restricted cash 

Cash
 and restricted cash - beginning of period 

Cash
 and restricted cash - end of period 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Accrued
 Series A dividends 

Equity warrants
 issued in conjunction with convertible notes payable 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

5 

FRESH VINE WINE, INC. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

million working capital deficit, inclusive of approximately 72,000 in cash
and 50,000 in restricted cash. 

The Company s ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent on its ability to meet its liquidity needs through a combination of factors including but not limited to, cash and
cash equivalents, working capital and strategic capital raises. The ultimate success of these plans is not guaranteed. 

In considering our forecast for the next twelve months
and the current cash and working capital as of the filing of this Form 10-Q, such matters create a substantial doubt regarding the Company s
ability to meet their financial needs and continue as a going concern. 

The Company received gross proceeds of
approximately and
 million from
preferred stock offerings during the periods ended June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. During the quarter ended
September 30, 2024, the Company received 
from the issuance of convertible notes. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company raised approximately 
million from the sale of preferred stock, received an additional 
from the issuance of convertible notes and entered into a Business Combination Agreement (See Note 14 for further details). In
addition, under the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below), the Company has agreed to raise up to 
through the sale of its equity or debt securities to cover transaction expenses and for working capital purposes, and the completion
of such funding is a condition precedent to completing the Business Combination (as defined below). In addition, the Company will
need additional debt or equity financing to sustain existing operations. If adequate financing is not available, the Company will be
forced to take measures to severely reduce our expenses and business operations or discontinue them completely. Such financing, if
available, may be dilutive. At the current reduced pace of incurring expenses and with receipt of additional financing and the
receipt of proceeds from the expected sales of inventory, the Company projects that the existing cash balance will be sufficient to
fund current operations into the first quarter of 2025, after which additional financing or capital will be needed to satisfy
obligations. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all. If additional financing is available, it may be
highly dilutive to existing shareholders and may otherwise include burdensome or onerous terms. The Company s inability to
raise additional working capital in a timely manner would negatively impact the ability to fund operations, generate revenues,
maintain or grow the business and otherwise execute the Company s business plan, leading to the reduction or suspension of
operations and ultimately potentially ceasing operations altogether and initiating bankruptcy proceedings. Should this occur, the
value of any investment in the Company s securities would be adversely affected. 

These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, that the Company s operating bank has required
us to maintain as a security for collectability of automated clearing house transactions. These funds are held in a separate account and
are not available for disbursements. 

The Company reduces the carrying value of inventories
that are obsolete or for which market conditions indicate cost will not be recovered to estimated net realizable value. The Company s
estimate of net realizable value is based on analysis and assumptions including, but not limited to, historical experience, future demand,
and market requirements. Reductions to the carrying value of inventories are recorded in cost of revenues. As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company had recorded an inventory allowance of approximately and , respectively. 

Direct to consumer 

Total revenue 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and was
approximately and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

million of stockholders equity. The Company
reported stockholders deficit of approximately 2.4 million as of September 30, 2024 and have had losses from continuing operations
and/or net losses in each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023. As required by the NYSE American, the Company
submitted a plan to the NYSE American on October 9, 2023 addressing actions it has taken and how it intends to regain compliance with
the continued listing standards within the required 18 month period ending March 8, 2025. 

On November 21, 2023, the Company received notification
(the Acceptance Letter from NYSE American that the Company s plan to regain compliance with NYSE American s
listing standards was accepted. The Acceptance Letter also stated that the Company is not in compliance with Section 1003(a)(i) of
the Company Guide, which requires an issuer to have stockholders equity of million or more if it has reported losses from
continuing operations and/or net losses in two out of its three most recent fiscal years. NYSE American has granted the Company a plan
period through March 8, 2025 to regain compliance with Sections 1003(a)(i) and (ii) of the Company Guide. If the Company is not in compliance
with all continued listing standards by that date or if the Company does not make progress consistent with the plan during the plan period,
the Company will be subject to delisting proceedings. 

Less: dividends on Series A preferred stock 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted shares outstanding 

Dilutive effect from shares authorized 

Diluted weighted shares outstanding 

Basic loss per share 

Diluted loss per share 

At September 30, 2024 and 2023, and 
shares have been excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding as the inclusion of these shares would have
an anti-dilutive effect. 

during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This write down was recorded in cost of revenue in the financial statements. During
the first six months of the 2024 fiscal year, the Company recorded an allowance of approximately .
However, in the quarter ended September 30, 2024, this allowance was reversed, and the reversal was recorded as a gain from recovery
of inventory reserve. The finished goods inventory was approximately and
 as of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, respectively. This inventory included a valuation reserve of approximately and
 as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Prepaid insurance 

Total 

investment for shares of Notes Live, Inc. The investment was initially
measured at cost. The Company noted no impairment or fair value change as of September 30, 2024. 

Accrued credit card charges 

Accrued Series A Preferred Stock dividends 

Legal and professional 

Other accrued expenses 

Total 

The sponsorship agreements related to marketing
contracts with unrelated parties within the sports and entertainment industry. The terms of the agreements ranged from two to four years with
annual payments ranging from to
 per
agreement. All sponsorship agreements had terminated by the end of the second quarter of 2024. The total expense relating to these
agreements for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was approximately 
and , respectively
and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was approximately 
and ,
respectively. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company signed a settlement agreement resulting in a gain on settlement of approximately . 

Accrued credit card charges primarily consist of warehouse,
shipping and other operating costs paid via Company credit card as a tool for managing cashflow. 

11 

Less: discount on convertible notes 

Total convertible notes, net of discount 

Other note payable 

Total 

In October 2024, the Company entered into
Securities Purchase Agreements (the Securities Purchase Agreements with two accredited investors, pursuant to which
the Company agreed to sell up to an aggregate principal amount of 
of secured convertible promissory notes Notes that will be convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock, par value 
per share and warrants. The Notes were issued with original issuance discount of ,
resulting in gross proceeds of 
to the Company. The Notes bear no interest unless an event of default occurs, and mature on April 4, 2025. The Notes may be prepaid
without penalty. Each Note is convertible into common stock at a conversion price equal to .
In September 2024 the Company received 
related to these Notes and after reviewing the transaction details determined it was considered a reportable subsequent event and
recorded the transaction as of September 30, 2024. 

In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreements,
the Company issued warrants with an exercise period of five years to purchase up to shares of the common stock at an exercise
price of per share. 

The Company reviewed the warrants in connection with
the Securities Purchase Agreements under ASC 815 and concluded that the warrants are not in scope of ASC 480 and are not subject to the
derivative guidance under ASC 815. Accordingly, the warrants were equity classified. As such the principal value of the Notes was allocated
using the relative fair value basis of all instruments. As the warrants were issued with another instrument the purchase price was allocated
using the relative fair value method (i.e., warrants at its fair value and the Notes at its principal value allocated using the relative
fair value of the proceeds received an applied proportionally to the equity classified warrants and Notes). 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company received cash
proceeds of . As such the Company recorded the fair value of the warrants of based on the relative value basis. The Company
recorded original issue discount of . 

As of September 30, 2024, the Notes net of unamortized
debt discount was . The Company recognized of the amortized debt discount in interest expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2024. 

Principal maturities of the Company s notes payable are as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

12 

Units.
Each Unit consisted of share
of our common stock and a warrant Rights Offering Warrants to purchase share
of our common stock. The Rights Offering Warrants were exercisable immediately, expire five
years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of per
share. For each share of common stock held by a stockholder of the Company on February 22, 2023, the record date of the Rights
Offering, such stockholder received subscription
rights. Each whole subscription right allowed the holder thereof to subscribe to purchase one Unit, which the Company refers to as
the basic subscription right, at a subscription price of per
Unit. In addition, any holder of subscription rights exercising his, her or its basic subscription right in full was eligible to
subscribe to purchase additional Units that remained unsubscribed in the Rights Offering at the same subscription price per Unit
that applied to the basic subscription right, subject to proration among participants exercising their over-subscription privilege,
which the Company refers to as the over-subscription privilege. Upon the closing of the Rights Offering, which occurred on March 14,
2023, the Company issued shares
of common stock and Rights
Offering Warrants and received aggregate gross cash proceeds of approximately million.
After deducting dealer-manager fees and other fees and expenses related to the Rights Offering, the Company received net proceeds of
approximately million.
If exercised, additional gross proceeds of up to approximately million
may be received through the exercise of warrants issued in the Rights Offering. 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

On July 27,
2023, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series A Stock ), which was amended on August 1,
2023 prior to the issuance of any shares of Series A Stock by filing Amendment No. 1 thereto (as so amended, the Certificate ).
The Certificate designates shares of the Company s undesignated preferred stock as Series A Stock and establishes the rights
and preferences of Series A Stock. 

On August 2, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with two accredited investors (the Purchasers pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell
in a private placement (the Offering shares of Series A Stock. 

Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the
Purchasers collectively agreed to purchase up to shares of Series A Stock at a per share purchase price equal to (the
 Stated Value ), for total gross proceeds of up to million. The Purchasers agreed to purchase shares
of Series A Stock for an aggregate purchase price of at an initial closing of the Offering (the Initial Closing ),
which occurred on August 2, 2023. The Securities Purchase Agreement provided that the Company will issue and sell to the Purchasers, and
the Purchasers will purchase, an additional shares of Series A Stock at a second closing (the Second Closing ),
which occurred on September 7, 2023. The Securities Purchase Agreement provided that the Company will issue and sell to the Purchasers,
and the Purchasers will purchase, an additional shares of Series A Stock at an optional closing (the Optional Closing ),
which occurred on December 1, 2023. 

Each share of Series A Stock is convertible, at any
time and from time to time from and after the date of the Initial Closing at the option of the holder thereof, into the number of shares
of common stock Conversion Shares calculated by dividing the Stated Value by a conversion price (the Conversion
Price of . However, if the Company s common stock fails to continue to be listed or quoted for trading on a stock exchange,
then the Conversion Price thereafter will mean the lesser of (i) , or (ii) the closing sale price of the common stock on the trading
day immediately preceding the conversion date; provided that the Conversion Price shall not be less than (the Floor
Price ). The Conversion Price is subject to standard adjustments based stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and the
like, and the Floor Price is also subject to anti-dilution adjustments resulting from future offerings of common stock (or common stock
equivalents) at a price less than the prevailing Conversion Price. 

Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of
the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation ), the Holders shall (i) first be entitled to receive out of
the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company an amount equal to times the Stated Value for each share of Series A
Stock before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any junior securities and (ii) then be entitled to participate
in the distribution of remaining assets with the holders of common stock on an as-if-converted to common stock basis (disregarding for
such purposes any conversion limitations). 

The Company may redeem (i) up to of the issued
and outstanding shares of Series A Stock for a price per share equal to of the Stated Value thereof if such redemption occurs
within six months from the date of issuance, and (ii) up to of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Stock for a price
per share equal to of the Stated Value thereof if such redemption occurs after six months but before the expiration of twelve
months from the date of issuance. 

Each holder of a share of Series A Stock is entitled
to receive dividends payable, subject to certain conditions, in cash or shares of common stock Dividend Shares valued
as either (i) the then applicable Conversion Price, or (ii) of the then current market price of the Company s common stock,
at the dividend rate of per annum. Dividends are cumulative and will be payable on July 31st of each year. If the dividend is
not paid as of July 31, 2024, the dividend rate increases to per annum. However, the Company may not pay dividends by issuing Dividend
Shares if and to the extent that the issuance of such Dividend Shares, when added to all Conversion Shares previously issued upon prior
conversions of Series A Stock and previously issued Dividend Shares (if any), would exceed the Exchange Share Cap or result in a Series
A Stock holder beneficially owning shares of common stock in excess of the Individual Holder Share Cap, in each case unless the Company
obtains stockholder approval for such issuances. 

The shares of Series A Stock will vote with the common
stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Company other than any proposal to approve the issuance
of shares of common stock in excess of the Exchange Share Cap or the Individual Holder Share Cap. The Preferred Shares will vote on an
as-converted to common stock basis, taking into account the conversion limitations resulting from the Exchange Share Cap and the Individual
Holder Share Cap, if and as applicable; however, solely for purposes of determining voting rights, the Conversion Price shall be equal
to the most recent closing sale price of the common stock as of the execution and delivery of the Securities Purchase Agreement, which
was . 

There issuance activity of the Series A Stock is summarized
below: 

Net proceeds 

The Series A Stock meets the requirements for permanent
equity classification as prescribed by the authoritative guidance. 

The following table summarizes accrued dividends that
the Company is legally obligated to pay: 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

On March 14,
2024, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series B Stock ). The Certificate designates 
shares of the Company s undesignated preferred stock as Series B Stock and establishes the rights and preferences of Series B Stock. 

During the first and second quarters of 2024, the
Company entered into multiple Securities Purchase Agreements with accredited investors pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and
sell in a private placement (the Series B Offering shares of Series B Stock. 

Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, each
share of Series B Stock will have a stated value equal to (the Stated Value ). As of September 30, 2024, 
shares of Series B Stock had been sold for a total in gross proceeds of . 

Each share of
Series B Stock shall be convertible at the option of the holder thereof into the number of shares common stock Conversion Shares calculated by dividing the Stated Value by the Conversion Price (the Conversion Ratio )(subject to the limitations described
below). For such purposes, the Conversion Price means . However, if the Company s common stock fails to continue
to be listed or quoted for trading on a stock exchange (currently, the NYSE American), then the Conversion Price thereafter
will mean the lesser of (i) , or (ii) the closing sale price of the common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the conversion
date; provided that the Conversion Price shall not be less than (the Floor Price ). The Conversion Price is subject
to standard adjustments based stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and the like, and the Floor Price is also subject to anti-dilution
adjustments resulting from future offerings of common stock (or common stock equivalents) at a price less than the prevailing Floor Price. 

Except for stock
dividends or distributions for which adjustments are to be made pursuant to antidilution provisions of the Certificate, holders of Series
B Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series B Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis) to and
in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the common
stock. 

The Company
may redeem (i) up to of the issued and outstanding Series B Preferred Shares for a price per share equal to of the Stated Value
thereof if such redemption occurs within six months from the date of issuance, and (ii) up to of the issued and outstanding Series
B Preferred Shares for a price per share equal to of the Stated Value thereof if such redemption occurs after six months but before
the expiration of twelve months from the date of issuance. 

The Series B
Stock will vote with the common stock and the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote
of stockholders of the Company other than any proposal to approve the issuance of shares of common stock upon the conversion of Series
B Stock in excess of the Exchange Share Cap or the Individual Holder Share Cap. The shares of Series B Stock will vote on an as-converted
to common stock basis, taking into account the conversion limitations resulting from the Exchange Share Cap and the Individual Holder
Share Cap, if and as applicable; however, solely for purposes of determining voting rights, the Conversion Price with respect to each
share of Series B Stock shall be equal to the most recent closing sale price of the common stock as of the execution and delivery of the
securities purchase agreement or other subscription or similar agreement pursuant to which such share of Series B Stock was issued by
the Company. 

The Company previously engaged The Oak Ridge Financial
Services Group, Inc. to serve as a financial advisor to the Company in connection with capital raising activities. In connection with
the Series B Offering, the Company has agreed to pay the Oak Ridge a cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds received by the Company
in the Offering, in addition to reimbursing Oak Ridge for its out-of-pocket expenses. In addition, the Company issued to Oak Ridge (or
its designee) seven-year warrants to purchase up to a total of shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price
equal to per share. 

The issuance activity of the Series B Stock is summarized
below: 

Net proceeds 

The Series B Stock meets the requirements for permanent
equity classification as prescribed by the authoritative guidance. 

Third Party Vendor Engagements and Related
Founder Share Forfeitures 

In December 2022, Rick Nechio and Damian Novak, two
of the Company s founders, together agreed to forfeit and transfer back to the Company without consideration a total of 
shares of common stock of the Company held by them, to enable the Company to preserve cash by issuing such number of shares to certain
of the Company s service providing vendors without subjecting the Company s other stockholders to dilution therefrom. Also
in December 2022, the Company entered into agreements to issue shares to such vendors in transactions exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Recipients of the shares included our third-party
sales and distribution management service provider, as well as certain advertising, public relations, consulting, and legal service providers.
Pursuant to agreements with certain of these vendors, the Company has agreed to issue up to an additional shares of common stock
upon the Company achieving specified revenue-related performance objectives within identified timeframes. Equity-based compensation expense
related to the additional shares subject to revenue-related performance objectives was not material to the 2024 or 2023 financial statements. 

shares of restricted stock. The vesting period is as follows: 
shares vested immediately with shares vesting each quarter following the award date. 

Total equity-based compensation expense related to
shares of restricted stock issuances was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and and
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Restricted stock activity as of and for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2024 was as follows: 

Granted 

Vested or released 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Vendor Stock Awards 

Vendor stock award activity subject to revenue-related
performance objectives during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was as follows: 

Number of Shares of Vendor Stock Awards 
 Weighted Average Remaining Vesting Term (Years) 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2023 

Granted 

Vested or released 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Stock Options 

Stock option activity for nine-month period ended
September 30, 2024 was as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

Equity-based compensation expense totaling 
and has been recognized relating to these stock options during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively
and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The total unrecognized equity-based compensation
expense was as of September 30, 2024. 

Warrants 

As disclosed in Note 8, warrants were granted
as part of the Rights Offering in March 2023. Also noted in Note 8, warrants were granted in March 2024 to our financial advisor
and placement agent in connection with our offering and sale of Series B Preferred Stock. In September 2024 the Company issued 
warrants in connection with the convertible notes described in Note 7. 

Warrant activity for nine-month period ended September
30, 2024 was as follows: 

Granted 

Vested or released 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of equity-based awards. The inputs for the Black-Scholes valuation model require
management s significant assumptions. Prior to the Company s IPO, the price per share of common stock was determined by
the Company s board based on recent prices of common stock sold in private offerings. Subsequent to the IPO, the price per
share of common stock is determined by using the closing market price on the New York Stock Exchange on the grant date. The
risk-free interest rate is based on the rate for U.S. Treasury securities at the date of grant with maturity dates approximately
equal to the expected life at the grant date. The expected term for employee and non-employee awards ranged from 
to 
years based on industry data, vesting period, contractual period, among other factors. The expected volatility was estimated
based on historical volatility information of the Company. The Company does not expect to pay dividends. For awards with a performance
condition, stock compensation is recognized over the requisite service period if it is probable that the performance condition will
be satisfied. 

17 

of the Company s wholesale revenue came from these three customers. For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, the
customer concentration shifted to two new customers in addition to one customer from the nine-month period. For the three month
period ended September 30, 2024, these three customers accounted for 
of the Company s wholesale revenue. In 2023, for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, the concentration
included two customers from the 2024 periods along with one additional customer. For the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2023, these customers accounted for 
and ,
respectively, of the Company s wholesale revenue. At September 30, 2024, all of the customers mentioned above accounted for 
of accounts receivable. 

and for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. The Company had accrued approximately for these license agreements as of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023. 

The Company made a motion seeking dismissal of
the conversion and civil theft counts, which was granted by the Fourth Judicial District Court, Hennepin County, Minnesota on
October 31, 2022. On August 9, 2023, the Company moved for summary judgment on Mr. Michaels remaining claims. A jury trial
commenced on January 23, 2024. During trial, on January 24, 2024, the Company filed a motion for judgement in favor of the Company
as a matter of law, which was denied by the Court. On January 25, 2024, the jury in the lawsuit rendered a verdict against the
Company awarding damages to Mr. Michaels in the amount of , which is included in settlement payable in the accompanying
balance sheet. On February 22, 2024, the Company filed a renewed motion for post-verdict judgment in favor of the Company as a
matter of law. On February 26, 2024, the Judge in the lawsuit denied the renewed motion for post-verdict judgment. On March 25,
2024, Mr. Michaels filed a Notice and Application for Taxation of Costs and Disbursements. On March 26, 2024, the Company filed its
Notice of Appeal. On March 26, 2024, Mr. Michaels served a motion for Pre-verdict and Prejudgment Interest. On March 27, 2024, a
Notice of Entry of Judgment was filed and, on March 28, 2024, a Notice of Docketing of Judgment was entered. Mr. Michaels has
commenced garnishment proceedings against certain of the Company s bank accounts and other third parties in an attempt to
collect on the judgment and such proceedings remain pending. 

of secured convertible promissory notes Notes that will be convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value , and warrants Warrants to purchase
up to shares of common stock. The Company intends to use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. 

The Notes were issued with
original issuance discount of , resulting in gross proceeds of to the Company. The Company received of the gross
proceeds as of September 30, 2024 and the Notes are reflected in Note 7. The Notes bear no interest unless an event of default occurs,
and mature on April 8, 2025. The Notes may be prepaid. Each Note is convertible into common stock at a conversion price equal to .
A holder of the Note (together with its affiliates) may not convert any portion of the Note to the extent that the holder would beneficially
own more than of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock immediately after exercise. The conversion price and
number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to
time for any subdivision or consolidation of shares, dilutive issuances and other events. 

Additionally, the Notes are
secured by certain assets of the Company pursuant to a security agreement that was entered into in connection with the issuance of the
Notes (the Security Agreement ). The obligations under the Notes are guaranteed by a guaranty (the Guaranty by the Company in favor of the investors. 

The Warrants are immediately
exercisable at an initial exercise price equal to per share, and will expire on the 5th anniversary of the issuance date. A holder
of the Warrant (together with its affiliates) may not exercise any portion of the Warrants to the extent that the holder would own more
than of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock immediately after exercise. The exercise price and number of
shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants will be subject to adjustment from time to time for
any subdivision or consolidation of shares, dilutive issuances and other events. The Warrants may not be exercised on a cashless basis. 

Securities Purchase
Agreement Series B Preferred Stock 

The Company s
board of directors has approved the issuance and sale of up to approximately shares of Series B Preferred Stock at a purchase
price of per share in a private placement. As of November 5, 2024, the Company has received securities purchase agreements
from accredited investors for the purchase of a total of shares of Series B Stock for an aggregate purchase price of 
million. The Company intends to use the proceeds to cover transaction expenses related to the proposed Business Combination (defined
below) and for general working capital purposes. 

Each share of Series B Preferred
Stock has the powers, designations, preferences, and other rights of the shares of such series as discussed in Note 8. 

Secured Promissory
Notes Issued in favor of the Company 

The Company and Amaze
Software, Inc. Amaze entered into a promissory note (the Amaze Note effective October 28, 2024, under
which the Company agreed to lend to Amaze the principal sum of up to 
million. The Amaze Note bears interest at 
per annum until the closing date of the Business Combination (defined below). If the Business Combination does not close, the
interest rate increases to 
per annum from the date that negotiations cease. The unpaid principal plus accrued interest is due and payable on the date that is 
months after the date on which the Company or Amaze provides notice to the other that negotiations have ceased if the Business
Combination is not closed. Provided there is no event of default, the Amaze note will be forgiven on the date the Business
Combination Agreement (detailed below) closes. The Amaze note is secured by all of the assets of its subsidiary, Amaze Holding
Company LLC. 

The Company and Adifex Holdings
LLC Adifex entered into a promissory note (the Adifex Note effective October 7, 2024, under which the Company
agreed to lend to Adifex the principal sum of up to million. The Adifex Note bears interest at per annum. In connection with
entering into the Amaze Note, the Company and Adifex cancelled and terminated the Adifex Note and the security agreement effective as
of October 7, 2024, between Adifex and the Company, pursuant to a Cancellation of Promissory Note and Security Agreement between the Company
and Adifex, effective October 28, 2024. As of October 28, 2024, the Company had made no advances, and no borrowings were outstanding,
under the Adifex Note. 

Business Combination
Agreement with Adifex 

On November 3, 2024, the
Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with (i) Amaze Holdings Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Pubco ), (ii) VINE Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
and wholly subsidiary of Pubco VINE Merger Sub ), (iii) Adifex Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco Adifex Merger Sub ), and (iv) Adifex Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company Adifex ). The transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are referred to as the Business
Combination . 

Upon the closing of the Business
Combination, (i) VINE Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the VINE Merger ), with the Company as the surviving
company in the VINE Merger and, as a result of the VINE Merger, the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco with holders
of the Company s equity interests receiving Pubco common stock, and (ii) Adifex Merger Sub will merge with and into Adifex (the
 Adifex Merger ), with Adifex as the surviving company in the Adifex Merger and, as a result of the Adifex Merger, Adifex
will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco and the Adifex equity interests will be automatically converted into a pro rata portion
of the merger consideration in Pubco common stock. 

The Business Combination
Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, including covenants obligating the Company, during the period
prior to closing, to conduct its business and operations in the ordinary course of business and not to engage in certain specified activities
without Adifex s prior consent. 

Consummation of the Business
Combination is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions, including without limitation, approval by the Company s
stockholders of the Business Combination Agreement, including the Business Combination, completion of the acquisition of Amaze by Adifex,
and the Company having raised up to through the sale of its equity or debt securities to cover transaction expenses and for
working capital purposes. 

The Business Combination
Agreement may be terminated in certain limited circumstances including (i) by mutual written consent of the Company and Adifex; (ii) by
either the Company or Adifex if the VINE Merger and the Adifex Merger have not have been consummated by April 30, 2025 (subject to extension)
(iii) by either the Company or Adifex if a court of competent jurisdiction or governmental authority has issued a final and nonappealable
order, or taken any other action, having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining, or otherwise prohibiting any of the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement; (iv) by either the Company or Adifex upon a breach of any representation, warranty,
covenant, or agreement in the Business Combination Agreement by the other party; or (v) by the Company, upon the Company s board
of directors authorizing the Company to enter into a permitted alternative agreement in the manner set forth in the Business Combination
Agreement. 

Sponsorship Settlement
Agreement 

On October 8, 2024, the Company
settled in arbitration with WFI Stadium and Pro-Football LLC d/b/a Washington Commanders (together as the Commanders ). The
Company paid contemporaneously with the execution of the agreement, which was accrued for as of September 30, 2024. This resulted
in a gain on settlement, which will be recognized in the fourth quarter of 2024. 

21 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related
notes to those statements as included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition to historical financial information,
the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. See Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements . Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, and those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Under
this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, we, us, 
 our Fresh Vine Wine, Fresh Vine and the Company refer to Fresh Vine Wine, Inc. 

Overview 

Fresh
Vine Wine, Inc. is a producer of low carb, low calorie, premium wines in the United States. Founded in 2019, Fresh Vine brings an innovative
 better-for-you solution to the wine market. We currently sell seven varietals: Cabernet Sauvignon, Pinot Noir, Chardonnay,
Sauvignon Blanc, Ros , Sparkling Ros , and a limited Reserve Napa Cabernet Sauvignon. All varietals are produced and bottled
in Napa, California. 

Fresh
Vine s wines are distributed across the United States and Puerto Rico through wholesale, retail, and direct-to-consumer (DTC) channels.
Fresh Vine is able to conduct wholesale distribution of our wines in all 50 states and Puerto Rico, and it is licensed to sell through
DTC channels in 43 states. As of September 30, 2024, Fresh Vine holds active relationships with wholesale distributors in 50 states. Fresh
Vine is working with leading distributors, including Southern Glazer s Wine Spirits (SGWS), Johnson Brothers, and Republic
National Distributing Company (RNDC), to expand our presence across the contiguous United States. 

Fresh
Vine s core wine offerings are priced strategically to appeal to mass markets and sell at a list price between 15 and 25 per bottle.
Given the Fresh Vine Wine brand s better-for-you appeal, and overall product quality, Fresh Vine believes that it
presents today s consumers with a unique value proposition within this price category. Additionally, Fresh Vine Wine is one of very
few products available at this price point that includes a named winemaker, Jamey Whetstone. 

Fresh
Vine s marketing activities focus primarily on consumers in the 21-to-34-year-old demographic with moderate to affluent income and
on those with a desire to pursue a healthy and active lifestyle. 

Fresh
Vine s asset-light operating model allows it to utilize third-party assets, including land and production facilities. This approach
helps us mitigate many of the risks associated with agribusiness, such as isolated droughts or fires. Because Fresh Vine sources product
inputs from multiple geographically dispersed vendors, it reduces reliance on any one vendor and benefit from broad availability/optionality
of product inputs. This is particularly important as a California-based wine producer where droughts or fires can have an extremely detrimental
impact to a company s supply chain if not diversified. 

Recent Developments 

On November 3, 2024, the
Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with (i) Amaze Holdings Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Pubco ), (ii) VINE Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
and wholly subsidiary of Pubco VINE Merger Sub ), (iii) Adifex Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and
wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco Adifex Merger Sub ), and (iv) Adifex Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Adifex ). The transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are referred to as the Business Combination. 

 Upon the closing of the
Business Combination, (i) VINE Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the VINE Merger ), with the Company as the
surviving company in the VINE Merger and, as a result of the VINE Merger, the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco with
holders of the Company s equity interests receiving Pubco common stock, and (ii) Adifex Merger Sub will merge with and into Adifex
(the Adifex Merger ), with Adifex as the surviving company in the Adifex Merger and, as a result of the Adifex Merger, Adifex
will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco and the Adifex equity interests will be automatically converted into a pro rata portion
of the merger consideration in Pubco common stock. Pubco s common stock is expected to be listed on the NYSE American. 

22 

The Business Combination Agreement contains
customary representations, warranties and covenants, including covenants obligating the Company, during the period prior to closing, to
conduct its business and operations in the ordinary course of business and not to engage in certain specified activities without Adifex s
prior consent. 

 Consummation of the Business Combination is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions, including approval by the Company s stockholders of the Business
Combination Agreement, including the Business Combination, completion of the acquisition of Amaze Software, Inc. by Adifex, and the Company
having raised up to 10,000,000 through the sale of its equity or debt securities to cover transaction expenses and for working capital
purposes. 

 The Business Combination Agreement may be terminated
in certain limited circumstances including (i) by mutual written consent of the Company and Adifex; (ii) by either the Company or Adifex
if the VINE Merger and the Adifex Merger have not have been consummated by April 30, 2025 (subject to extension) (iii) by either the Company
or Adifex if a court of competent jurisdiction or governmental authority has issued a final and nonappealable order, or taken any other
action, having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining, or otherwise prohibiting any of the transactions contemplated by the
Business Combination Agreement; (iv) by either the Company or Adifex upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement
in the Business Combination Agreement by the other party; or (v) by the Company, upon the Company s board of directors authorizing
the Company to enter into a permitted alternative agreement in the manner set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. 

Key Financial Metrics 

We
use net revenue, gross profit (loss) and net income (loss) to evaluate the performance of Fresh Vine. These metrics are useful in helping
us to identify trends in our business, prepare financial forecasts and make capital allocation decisions, and assess the comparable health
of our business relative to our direct competitors . 

Three months ended 
 Nine months ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net revenue 
 63,209 
 847,959 
 238,261 
 1,586,714 
 
 Gross profit (loss) 
 152,646 
 (41,885 
 (2,278 
 (2,044,777 
 
 Net loss 
 (315,290 
 (2,129,660 
 (2,407,174 
 (8,562,781 

Components of Results of Operations and Trends That May Impact Our
Results of Operations 

Net revenue 

Our
net revenue consists primarily of wine sales to distributors and retailers, which together comprise our wholesale channel, and directly
to individual consumers through our DTC channel. Net revenues generally represent wine sales and shipping, when applicable, and to a lesser
extent branded merchandise and wine club memberships. For wine and merchandise sales, revenues are recognized at time of shipment. For
Wine Club memberships, revenues are recognized quarterly at the time of fulfilment. 

We refer
to the volume of wine we sell in terms of cases. Each case contains 12 standard bottles, in which each bottle has a volume of 750 milliliters.
Cases are sold through Wholesale/Retail or DTC channels. 

The
following factors and trends in our business have driven our net revenue results and are expected to be key drivers of our net revenue
for the foreseeable future: 

Brand
recognition: As we drive visibility through traditional and modern marketing methods, we expect to build awareness and name
recognition for Fresh Vine Wine in consumers minds. Brand awareness will be built substantially through social media channels. 

Portfolio
evolution: As a relatively new, high-growth brand, we expect and seek to learn from our consumers. We intend to continuously
evolve and refine our products to meet our consumers specific needs and wants, adapting our offering to maximize value for our
consumers and stakeholders. 

23 

Distribution
expansion and acceleration: Purchasing by distributors and loyal accounts that continue to feature our wines are key drivers
of net revenue. 

Seasonality: In
line with industry norms, we anticipate our net revenue peaking during the quarter spanning from October through December due to increased
consumer demand around the major holidays. This is particularly true in our DTC revenue channel, where marketing programs will often be
aligned with the holiday season and product promotions will be prevalent. 

Revenue Channels 

Our
sales and distribution platform is built upon a highly developed network of distributor accounts. Within this network, we have signed
agreements in place with several of the nation s largest distributors including Southern Glazer s Wine Spirits
and RNDC, among others. While we are actively working with these distributors in certain markets, they operate across the United States,
and we intend to grow our geographic/market presence through these relationships. The development of these relationships and impacts to
our related product mix will impact on our financial results as our channel mix shifts. 

Wholesale channel: Consistent with sales practices in the wine industry, sales to retailers and distributors occur below SRP (Suggested Retail Price). We work closely with distributors to increase wine volumes and the number of products sold by their retail accounts in their respective territories. 

DTC channel: Wines sold through our DTC channels are generally sold at SRP, although we do periodically offer various promotions. Our DTC channel continues to grow as a result of a number of factors, including expanded e-commerce sites and social media capabilities. 

Wholesale
channel sales made on credit terms generally require payment within 30 days of delivery; however our credit terms with Southern Glazer s
Wine Spirits requires payment within 60 days of delivery. During periods in which our net revenue channel mix reflects a greater
concentration of wholesale sales, we typically experience an increase in accounts receivable for the period to reflect the change in sales
mix; payment collections in the subsequent period generally reduce our accounts receivable balance and have a positive impact on cash
flows. 

While
we seek to increase revenue across all channels, we expect the majority of our future revenue to be driven through the direct to consumer
channel. We intend to maintain and expand relationships with existing distributors and form relationships with new distributors as we
work to grow the Company. With multiple varietals within the Fresh Vine Wine portfolio, we consider ourselves to be a one-stop
shop for better-for-you wines. We continue to innovate with new products at competitive price points and strive to enhance the
experience as we increase revenue with new and existing consumers. 

In the
DTC channel, our comprehensive approach to consumer engagement in both online and traditional forums is supported by an integrated e-commerce
platform. Our marketing efforts target consumers who have an interest in healthy and active lifestyles. We attempt to motivate consumers
toward a simple and easy purchasing decision using a combination of defined marketing programs and a modernized technology stack. 

Increasing
customer engagement is a key driver of our business and results of operations. We continue to invest in our DTC channel and in performance
marketing to drive customer engagement. In addition to developing new product offerings and cross-selling wines in our product portfolio,
we focus on increasing customer conversion and retention. As we continue to invest in our DTC channel, we expect to increase customer
engagement and subsequently deliver greater satisfaction. We also distribute our wines via other wine e-commerce sites such as Wine.com
and Vivino.com and plan to continue to add affiliate retail websites. 

Net Revenue Percentage
by Channel 

We calculate
net revenue percentage by channel as net revenue made through our wholesale channel to distributors, through our wholesale channel directly
to retail accounts, and through our DTC channel, respectively, as a percentage of our total net revenue. We monitor net revenue percentage
across revenue channels to understand the effectiveness of our distribution model and to ensure we are employing resources effectively
as we engage customers. 

24 

Three months ended September 30, 
 Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Wholesale 
 12.3 
 87.8 
 16.8 
 75.1 
 
 Direct to consumer 
 87.7 
 12.2 
 83.2 
 24.9 
 
 Total revenue 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues is comprised of all direct product costs such as juice, bottles, caps, corks, labels, and capsules. Additionally, we also
categorize boxes and quality assurance testing within our cost of revenues as well as inventory write downs. Fresh Vine expects that cost
of revenues will decrease as net revenue decreases. 

Additionally,
the Company includes shipping fees in all DTC revenues. These fees are paid by end consumers at time of order and subsequently itemized
within the cost of each individual sale. 

As a
commodity product, the cost of wine fluctuates due to annual harvest yields and the availability of juice. This macroeconomic consideration
is not unique to Fresh Vine Wine, although we are conscious of its potential impact to our product cost structure. 

Gross Loss 

Gross
loss is equal to our net revenue less cost of revenues. 

Selling, General, and
Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general, and administrative expenses consist of selling expenses, marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses. Selling
expenses consist primarily of direct selling expenses in our wholesale and DTC channels, including payroll and related costs, product
samples, processing fees, and other outside service fees or consulting fees. Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising costs
to promote brand awareness, contract fees incurred as a result of significant sports marketing agreements, customer retention costs, payroll,
and related costs. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of payroll and related costs. 

Equity-Based Compensation 

Equity-based
compensation consists of the accounting expense resulting from our issuance of equity or equity-based grants issued in exchange for employee
or non-employee services. We measure equity-based compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and recognize
the compensation expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. We recognize any forfeitures as they
occur. 

Results
of Operations 

Three months ended 
 Nine months ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net revenue 
 63,209 
 847,959 
 238,261 
 1,586,714 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 65,046 
 889,844 
 240,539 
 3,631,491 
 
 Gain from recovery of inventory reserve 
 (154,483 

Gross profit (loss) 
 152,646 
 (41,885 
 (2,278 
 (2,044,777 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 459,988 
 1,141,390 
 2,393,735 
 4,784,535 
 
 Equity-based compensation 
 1,626 
 946,415 
 4,878 
 1,734,765 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (308,968 
 (2,129,690 
 (2,4000,891 
 (8,564,077 
 
 Other income 
 
 30 
 39 
 1,296 
 
 Interest expense 
 6,322 
 
 6,322 

Net loss 
 (315,290 
 (2,129,660 
 (2,407,174 
 (8,562,781 

25 

Comparison of the Three and Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 

Net Revenue, Cost of Revenues and Gross Profit (Loss) 

Three months ended 

Nine months ended 

September 30, 
 Change 
 September 30, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

2024 
 2023 

Net revenue 
 63,209 
 847,959 
 (784,750 
 -93 
 238,261 
 1,586,714 
 (1,348,453 
 -85 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 65,046 
 889,844 
 (824,798 
 -93 
 240,539 
 3,631,491 
 (3,390,952 
 -93 
 
 Gain from recovery of inventory reserve 
 (154,483 
 
 154,483 
 N/A 

N/A 
 
 Gross loss 
 152,646 
 (41,885 
 194,531 
 464 
 (2,278 
 (2,044,777 
 2,042,499 
 100 

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, net revenue was lower compared to the same periods in 2023 due to business slowing
down as the Company worked towards an anticipated merger. Cost of revenues were lower due to net revenue decreasing as well as lower inventory
write downs from year to year. Cost of revenues included approximately 1.7 million in inventory write downs for the nine months ended
September 30, 2023 compared to approximately 0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In the third quarter of 2024, the Company
determined the reserve booked during the six months ended June 30, 2024 was no longer needed as it applied to the Merger agreement that
was cancelled. The Company then recognized the gain of approximately 154,000 in change of inventory reserve. Gross loss decreased significantly
for both periods in 2024 compared to 2023, which is driven by the overall decrease in net revenue and cost of revenues as the Company
focuses on selling the current inventory, and the reversal of the inventory reserve during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Three months ended 

Nine months ended 

September 30, 
 Change 
 September 30, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

2024 
 2023 

Selling expenses 
 45,315 
 218,634 
 (173,319 
 -79 
 172,604 
 810,755 
 (638,151 
 -79 
 
 Marketing expenses 
 7,692 
 268,767 
 (261,075 
 -97 
 334,396 
 1,429,069 
 (1,094,673 
 -77 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 406,981 
 653,989 
 (247,008 
 -38 
 1,886,735 
 2,544,711 
 (657,976 
 -26 
 
 Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
 459,988 
 1,141,390 
 (681,402 
 -60 
 2,393,735 
 4,784,535 
 (2,390,800 
 -50 

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 60 and 50 , respectively,
compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease related to selling expenses was largely driven by terminations
of consultants and contractors in 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, as well as less travel since overall sales have decreased.
General and administrative expenses decreased as the workforce decreased as well as general insurance and legal expenses. The decrease
in marketing expenses primarily resulted from decreased advertising, social media marketing, tastings, and other promotion materials and
events as selling and marketing expenses are directly related to sales trends . 

Cash Flows 

Nine months ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (1,346,789 
 (4,585,403 
 
 Investing activities 

Financing activities 
 1,132,517 
 3,365,014 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash 
 (214,272 
 (1,220,389 

26 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 1.3 million) and 4.6 million) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. Cash used in operating activities decreased in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily because of the decrease
in our net loss of approximately 6.2 million and one-time expenses related to the settlement payable and accrued compensation of approximately
 1.7 million paid to the former Chief Executive Officer in 2023. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was approximately 1.1 million and 3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. The difference is mostly attributed to the Rights Offering of 2.6 million in 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our
primary cash needs are for working capital purposes, such as producing or purchasing inventory and funding operating expenses. We have
funded our operations through equity and debt financings, as described under the caption Financing Transactions below . 

We have incurred losses and negative
cash flows from operations since our inception in May 2019, including net losses of approximately 2.4 million and 8.6 million during
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 29.0 million and a total stockholders deficit of approximately 2.4 million. We expect to incur losses in future periods as we
continue to operate our business and incur expenses associated with being a public company. 

As of September 30, 2024, we
had approximately 122,000 in cash and restricted cash, 45,000 in accounts receivable, 233,000 in inventory and 82,000 in prepaid expenses.
On September 30, 2024, current assets amounted to approximately 482,000 and current liabilities were approximately 3.4 million, resulting
in a working capital deficit (with working capital defined as current assets minus current liabilities) of approximately 2.9 million. 

Since
the commencement of its operations, the Company s operating and other expenses have significantly exceeded its revenues. During
the second quarter of 2023, the Company undertook a review of the Company s operations and strategic plans, and took measures aimed
at improving the Company s operational efficiency, curtailing operating expenses and further preserving cash resources. Since then,
the Company continued to work to reduce its operating expenses, including reducing its warehousing costs, while continuing to provide
customers the opportunity to experience its wine and supporting its current retail customers and those purchasing via the Company s
wine club or from its website. 

Commencing
in June 2023, the Company has worked aggressively to identify prospective new sources of capital, while working with advisors to assess
and improve its liquidity position, including from the sale of existing inventory. Later in 2023, the Company entered into purchase orders
with Grocery Outlet, a discount retailer who has become one of the largest wholesalers for the Company. 

On August
2, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with two accredited investors pursuant to which the Company issued and
sold in a private placement 10,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Stock at a per share purchase
price equal to 100.00, for total gross proceeds of 1.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 148,000 of accumulated
undeclared dividends on the Series A Stock. 

On March 14,
2024, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Series B Certificate ). The Series B
Certificate designates 50,000 shares of the Company s undesignated preferred stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Stock and establishes the rights and preferences of the Series B Stock. As of September 30, 2024, the Company
issued and sold in a private placement to accredited investors a total of 9,135 shares of Series B Stock at 100 per share, for total
gross proceeds of 913,500. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold an additional 40,864 shares of Series B
Stock, for total gross proceeds of approximately 4.1 million. 

In addition,
between September and October 2024, the Company issued and sold in a private placement 600,000 in aggregate principal amount of secured
convertible promissory notes and warrants to purchase up to 740,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The convertible notes
were issued with original issuance discount of 20 , resulting in gross proceeds of 500,000 to the Company. The convertible notes are
convertible into common stock at a conversion price equal to 0.40. The warrants are immediately exercisable at an initial exercise price
equal to 0.40 per share, and will expire on the 5th anniversary of the issuance date. 

27 

As disclosed
under Part II, Item 1 (Legal Proceedings) of this report, the Company was a defendant in a lawsuit styled Timothy Michaels v. Fresh Vine
Wine, Inc. filed May 27, 2022 in the Fourth Judicial District Court, Hennepin County, Minnesota. On January 25, 2024, the jury in the
lawsuit rendered a verdict against the Company awarding damages to Mr. Michaels in the amount of 585,976.25. The damages awarded to Mr.
Michaels by the trial court are not covered by the Company s insurance policies. On March 25, 2024, Mr. Michaels filed a Notice
and Application for Taxation of Costs and Disbursements. On March 26, 2024, the Company filed its Notice of Appeal. On March 26, 2024,
Mr. Michaels served a motion for Pre-verdict and Prejudgment Interest. On March 27, 2024, a Notice of Entry of Judgment was filed and,
on March 28, 2024, a Notice of Docketing of Judgment was entered. . Mr. Michaels has commenced garnishment proceedings against certain
of the Company s bank accounts and other third parties in an attempt to collect on the judgment and such proceedings remain pending.
Although the Company believes it has legal grounds to appeal the verdict, continued litigation and related actions may be expensive, the
outcome of any litigation (including any appeal) is difficult to predict and the existence of continued litigation may impact the ability
of management to focus on other business matters. Furthermore, the Company may be required to post an appeal bond in order to stay execution
of the money judgment pending any appeal. Given the Company s current financial position, the cost of such an appeal bond is uncertain
and may be higher than the typical cost of such a bond or require the Company to provide cash or other collateral. 

At the current reduced pace of
incurring expenses and without receipt of additional financing, the Company projects that the existing cash balance will be sufficient
to fund current operations through the first quarter of 2025. The Company requires additional debt or equity financing to satisfy its
existing obligations, sustain existing operations, pay expenses associated with continuing to pursue its plan to re-comply with the listing
standards of the NYSE American stock exchange. See Current Strategy below. Additional financing may not be available on
favorable terms or at all. If additional financing is available, it may be highly dilutive to existing stockholders and may otherwise
include burdensome or onerous terms. The Company s inability to raise additional working capital in a timely manner will negatively
impact the ability to fund operations, generate revenues, maintain or grow the business and otherwise execute the Company s business
plan, including pursuing its plan to re-comply with the listing standards of the NYSE American stock exchange, leading to the reduction
or suspension of operations and ultimately potentially ceasing operations altogether and initiating bankruptcy proceedings. Should this
occur, the value of any investment in the Company s securities would be adversely affected. 

These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our ability to continue as a
going concern in the future will be determined by our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to sustain our operations, raise additional
capital in the form of debt or equity financing and/or complete a successful combination transaction with a suitable target company. Our
forecast of cash resources is forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties, and the actual amount of our expenses
could vary materially as a result of a number of factors. We have based our estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and our
revenue could prove to be less and our expenses higher than we currently anticipate. Management does not know whether additional financing
will be on terms favorable or acceptable to us when needed, if at all. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to fund our operations
and adequate additional funds are not available when required, management may need to curtail its sales and marketing efforts, which would
adversely affect our business prospects, or we may be unable to continue operations. 

Current Strategy 

The Business Combination Agreement 

In August 2023, Fresh Vine
announced that it had initiated an exploration of strategic opportunities by way of merger, acquisition, or any accretive strategic transaction
to enhance stockholder value, which is a focus of the Company s plan to increase its stockholders equity and regain compliance
with the NYSE American s continued listing standards. 

On January 25, 2024, Fresh Vine
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Notes, Live, Inc., a Colorado corporation Notes
Live ), pursuant to which a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary would merge with and into Notes Live, with Notes Live continuing
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the surviving corporation of the merger (the Merger ). On July 31, 2024,
the Company and Notes Live mutually agreed to terminate the Merger Agreement. 

28 

On November 3, 2024, the Company
entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with (i) Amaze Holdings Inc., a Delaware
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Pubco ), (ii) VINE Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly
subsidiary of Pubco VINE Merger Sub ), (iii) Adifex Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned
subsidiary of Pubco Adifex Merger Sub ), and (iv) Adifex Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Adifex ).
The transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are referred to as the Business Combination. Subject
to the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company and Adifex would each be a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco,
Pubco s common stock is expected to be listed on the NYSE American and equity holders of the Company and Adifex would receive Pubco
common stock. See Note 14 to our financial statements for further information about the Business Combination Agreement. 

Although
Fresh Vine has entered into the Business Combination Agreement, completion of the Business Combination is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of certain closing conditions, including without limitation that the Company raises up to 10,000,000 through the sale of its
equity or debt securities to cover transaction expenses and for working capital purposes. We cannot assure you that such financing will
be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If, for any reason, the Business Combination does not close, there is no assurance the Company
will be able to enter into or complete another strategic transaction like the Business Combination Agreement, and our ability to regain
compliance with NYSE American listing standards will be adversely affected. 

If the
Business Combination is not completed, the Company s board of directors may decide that it is in the best interests of
the Fresh Vine stockholders to suspend or cease its operations, seek to dissolve the Company and liquidate its assets, or initiate bankruptcy
proceedings. In that event, the amount of cash available for distribution to the Fresh Vine stockholders would depend heavily on the timing
of such decision and, ultimately, such liquidation, since the amount of cash available for distribution continues to decrease as the Company
funds its operations and incurs fees and expenses related to the Business Combination. In addition, if the Company s board of directors
were to approve and recommend, and the Company s stockholders were to approve, a dissolution of the Company, it would be required
under Nevada corporate law to pay its outstanding obligations, as well as to make reasonable provision for contingent and unknown obligations,
prior to making any distributions in liquidation to the Company s stockholders. As a result of this requirement, a portion or all
of the Company s assets may need to be reserved pending the resolution of such obligations. In addition, the Company may be subject
to litigation or other claims related to a liquidation and dissolution of the Company. If a liquidation and dissolution were pursued,
the Company s board of directors, in consultation with its advisors, would need to evaluate these matters and make a determination
about a reasonable amount to reserve. Accordingly, the Company s stockholders could lose all or a significant portion of their investment
in the event of a liquidation and dissolution of the Company. 

Financing Transactions 

We have funded our operations
through debt and equity financing, as described in Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations) of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 under the caption Financing Transactions, 
and as described in this report under the caption Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 14 to our financial statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The Company s significant
accounting policies are detailed in Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the financial statements included
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The Company
follows these policies in preparation of the financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not engaged in any off-balance
sheet activities as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K. 

Accounting Standards and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

None. 

29 

Emerging Growth Company Status 

Pursuant to the JOBS Act, a company
constituting an emerging growth company is, among other things, entitled to rely upon certain reduced reporting requirements
and is eligible to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public
companies. We are an emerging growth company and have elected to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised
accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no
longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS
Act. Our financial statements may, therefore, not be comparable to those of other public companies that comply with such new or revised
accounting standards. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), defines the term disclosure controls and procedures as those controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of June 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of June 30, 2024 due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial
reporting as described below. 

Material Weaknesses in
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting; Remediation Activities 

Management
had previously determined that there were material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting resulting from (i) a lack
of segregation of incompatible duties based on the limited number of employees responsible for the Company s accounting and reporting
functions and (ii) the lack of properly designed controls to prepare complete and accurate financial statements and footnotes in accordance
with US GAAP in a timely manner. In an effort to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described
above, we intend to take the actions to implement the processes described below. 

Lack
of segregation of duties. To ensure timely and accurate financial reporting, management is designing processes to keep authorization,
recordkeeping, custody of assets, and reconciliation duties separate, and intends to reevaluate its overall staffing levels within the
accounting, finance and information technology departments and may hire additional staff to enable segregation of duties. 

Inability
to prepare complete and accurate financial statements and footnotes. To ensure timely and accurate financial reporting, management
intends to hire experienced staff to remedy this material weakness. 

Once
the above actions and processes have been in operation for a sufficient period of time for our management to conclude that the material
weaknesses have been fully remediated and our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, we will consider these material
weaknesses fully addressed. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

30 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

Timothy
Michaels Lawsuit 

The Company was a defendant in
a lawsuit styled Timothy Michaels v. Fresh Vine Wine, Inc. filed May 27, 2022 in the Fourth Judicial District Court, Hennepin
County, Minnesota. The lawsuit related to a complaint filed by Mr. Michaels resulting from the Company including a restricted lock-up 
legend on shares of the Company s common stock issued to Mr. Michaels pursuant to a settlement agreement that the Company entered
into with Mr. Michaels following termination of his employment and for not removing or directing the Company s transfer agent
to remove such legend. On January 25, 2024, the jury in the lawsuit rendered a verdict against the Company awarding damages to Mr. Michaels
in the amount of 585,976.25. On February 22, 2024, the Company filed a renewed motion for post-verdict judgment in favor of
the Company as a matter of law. On February 26, 2024, the Judge in the lawsuit denied the renewed motion for post-verdict judgment.
On March 25, 2024, Mr. Michaels filed a Notice and Application for Taxation of Costs and Disbursements. On March 26, 2024,
the Company filed its Notice of Appeal. On March 26, 2024, Mr. Michaels served a motion for Pre-verdict and Prejudgment
Interest. On March 27, 2024, a Notice of Entry of Judgment was filed and, on March 28, 2024, a Notice of Docketing of Judgment
was entered. Mr. Michaels has commenced garnishment proceedings against certain of the Company s bank accounts and other third parties
in an attempt to collect on the judgment and such proceedings remain pending. Although the Company believes it has legal grounds to appeal
the verdict, continued litigation and related actions may be expensive, the outcome of any litigation (including any appeal) is difficult
to predict, and the existence of litigation may impact the ability of management to focus on other business matters. Furthermore, the
Company may be required to post an appeal bond in order to stay execution of the money judgment pending any appeal. Given the Company s
current financial position, the cost of such an appeal bond is uncertain and may be higher than the typical cost of such a bond or require
the Company to provide cash or other collateral. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

In addition to the other
information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the risk factors set forth below, you should carefully consider
the risks and uncertainties set forth in our other filings with the SEC, including in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 Risks Relating to Business Combination 

 The following factors relate
to the Company s pending business combination pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement dated as of November 3, 2024 that we
entered into with i) Amaze Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Pubco ), (ii)
VINE Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly subsidiary of Pubco VINE Merger Sub ), (iii) Adifex Merger Sub LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco Adifex Merger Sub ), and (iv) Adifex Holdings
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Adifex ). The transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement
are referred to as the Business Combination. 

The announcement and pendency
of the Business Combination Agreement may have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and our stock price, and may result
in the loss of employees, customers, suppliers, and other business partners. 

We are subject to risks in connection
with the announcement and pendency of the Business Combination regardless of whether the Business Combination is completed, including,
but not limited to, the following: 

market reaction to the announcement of the Business Combination, which could
adversely impact investor confidence in us; 

changes in our business, operations, financial position, and prospects; 

market assessments of the likelihood that the Business Combination will
be consummated; 

any delay in the expected timeframe of the Business Combination; 

the number of shares of Pubco common stock issuable to our stockholders
will not be increased to account for positive changes in our business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition, or
results of operations during the pendency of the Business Combination, including any successful execution of our current strategy as an
independent company or in the event of any change in the market price of, analyst estimates of, or projections relating to, our common
stock; 

31 

potential adverse effects on our relationships with our current customers,
suppliers and other business partners, or those with which we are seeking to establish business relationships, due to uncertainties about
the Business Combination; 

we have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs, expenses
and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the Business Combination, and many of these fees and
costs are payable by us regardless of whether the Business Combination is consummated; 

potential adverse effects on our ability to attract, recruit, retain, and
motivate current and prospective employees who may be uncertain about their future roles and relationships with us following the completion
of the Business Combination, and the possibility that our employees could lose productivity as a result of uncertainty regarding their
employment following the Business Combination; 

the pendency and outcome of the legal proceedings that may be instituted
against us, our directors, executive officers and others relating to the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement; 

the possibility of disruption to our business, including increased costs
and diversion of management time and resources that could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may have been beneficial
to us; 

in certain instances, the Business Combination Agreement requires us to
reimburse Adifex for all reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by Adifex in connection with the Business Combination Agreement,
up to a maximum of 200,000, which could require us to use available cash that would have otherwise been available for general corporate
purposes; and 

other developments beyond our control, including, but not limited to, changes
in domestic or global economic conditions that may affect the timing or success of the Business Combination. 

The adverse effects of the pendency of the Business
Combination could be exacerbated by any delays in completion of the Business Combination or termination of the Business Combination Agreement. 

While the Business Combination
is pending, we are subject to contractual restrictions that could harm our business, operating results and our stock
price. 

The Business Combination Agreement
includes restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to the completion of the Business Combination, generally requiring us to conduct
our business and operations in the ordinary course of business and in material compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements
of material contracts, and to not engage in certain specified activities without Adifex s prior consent. We may find that these
and other obligations in the Business Combination Agreement may delay or prevent us from or limit our ability to respond effectively to
competitive pressures, industry developments and future business opportunities that may arise during such period, even if our management
and board of directors think they may be advisable. These restrictions could adversely impact our business, operating results and our
stock price and our perceived acquisition value, regardless of whether the Business Combination is completed. 

The failure to complete
the Business Combination within the expected timeframe or at all may adversely affect our business and our stock price. 

The
consummation of the Business Combination is subject to a number of closing conditions, including, among other things: 

 	approval
by our stockholders of the Business Combination Agreement, including the Business Combination; 

 	the
SEC having declared the registration statement on Form S-4 to be effective; 

the absence of any injunction or other order of any court of competent jurisdiction that prohibits consummation
of the Business Combination; 

 	completion
of the acquisition of Amaze Software, Inc. by Adifex; and 

the Company having raised up to 10,000,000 through the sale of its equity or debt securities to cover
transaction expenses and for working capital purposes. 

There
can be no assurance that the conditions to the completion of the Business Combination will be satisfied, or that the Business Combination
will be completed on the proposed terms, within the expected timeframe or at all. If the Business Combination is not completed,
we may be subject to negative publicity or be negatively perceived by the investment or business communities and our stock price could
fall to the extent that our current stock price reflects an assumption that the Business Combination will be completed. Furthermore, if
the Business Combination is not completed, regardless of the reason, we may suffer other consequences that could adversely affect our
business and results of our operations, and our ability to regain and maintain compliance with NYSE American listing standards. 

32 

The Business Combination
Agreement limits our ability to pursue alternative transactions which could deter a third party from proposing an alternative transaction. 

The Business Combination
Agreement contains provisions that, subject to certain exceptions, limit our ability to (i) initiate, solicit, or knowingly
facilitate the communication, making, submission or announcement of any Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry (such terms as
defined in the Business Combination Agreement) or take any action that would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition
Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry, (ii) furnish any non-public information regarding such party to any person in connection with or in
response to an Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry, (iii) engage in discussions or negotiations with any person with respect
to any Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry, (iv) approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal or (v) execute or
enter into any letter of intent or any contract contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction (as defined in
the Business Combination Agreement). It is possible that these or other provisions in the Business Combination Agreement might
discourage a potential competing acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of our outstanding
common stock from considering or proposing an acquisition or might result in a potential competing acquirer proposing to pay a lower
per share price to acquire our common stock than it might otherwise have proposed to pay. 

We and our directors
may be subject to litigation challenging the Business Combination, and an unfavorable judgment or ruling in any such lawsuits could prevent
or delay the consummation of the Business Combination and/or result in substantial costs. 

 Lawsuits and demand letters
arising out of the Business Combination may be filed or received in the future. The outcome of any such demands and complaints and any
litigation ensuing from such demands and complaints cannot be assured, including the amount of fees and costs associated with defending
these claims or any other liabilities that may be incurred in connection therewith. Whether or not any plaintiff s claim is successful,
this type of litigation can result in significant costs and divert our attention and resources from the Business Combination and ongoing
business activities, which could adversely affect our operations. In addition, if dismissals are not obtained or a settlement is not
reached, these lawsuits could prevent or delay completion of the Business Combination. 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

None. 

33 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 

10.1 
 
 Termination
 Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2024, by and between Fresh Vine Wine, Inc. and Notes Live, Inc. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 1, 2024) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

34 

SIGNATURES: 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

FRESH VINE WINE, INC. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Pruitt 

Michael Pruitt 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Keith Johnson 

Keith Johnson 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vine1114form10qexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Michael Pruitt, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fresh Vine Wine Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Michael Pruitt 

Michael Pruitt 

Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vine1114form10qexh31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Keith Johnson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fresh Vine Wine Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Keith Johnson 

Keith Johnson 

Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vine1114form10qexh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of Fresh Vine Wine Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Pruitt, Interim Chief Executive Officer, and I, Keith Johnson, Interim
Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350, that
to our knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Michael Pruitt 

Michael Pruitt 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Keith Johnson 

Keith Johnson 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 vine-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 vine-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 vine-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 vine-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

