<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-Q_edgar_data_1723089_0001723089-24-000127.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8071252</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>107906</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1349074</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2924178</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1826832</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1698112</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001723089-24-000127.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241024161929
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001723089-24-000127
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ChampionX Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001723089
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION, MINING & MATERIALS HANDLING MACHINERY & EQUIP [3530]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				823066826
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38441
		FILM NUMBER:		241392893

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2445 TECHNOLOGY FOREST BLVD
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 4, FLOOR 12
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77381
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 403-5772

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2445 TECHNOLOGY FOREST BLVD
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 4, FLOOR 12
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77381

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Apergy Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wellsite Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001723089-24-000127.txt : 20241024

10-Q
 1
 championx-20240930.htm
 10-Q

championx-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The registrant had million shares of common stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding as of October 17, 2024. 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Page Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Executive Overview and Business Outlook 
 24 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 26 
 Segment Results of Operations 
 28 
 Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 36 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 37 
 SIGNATURES 
 38 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, contained in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues, earnings, cash flows or other aspects of our operations or operating results. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words believe, anticipate, expect, may, intend, foresee, guidance, estimate, potential, outlook, plan, should, would, could, target, forecast and similar expressions, including the negative thereof. The absence of these words, however, does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on us. While management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate. 
 
 All of our forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions (some of which are significant or beyond our control) that could cause actual results to materially differ from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Known material factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those contemplated in the forward-looking statements are those set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and include the following: 
 
 The impact of the Merger Agreement (as defined below), including the disruption of management s attention from ongoing operations, an inability to complete the Merger (as defined below) due to failure to obtain required regulatory approvals or satisfy other closing conditions, the risk that if the Merger is not completed, the market price of our common stock could decline, the risk that we may not be able to retain key personnel, the impact on our relationships with our customers and suppliers, the impact on our operations, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement. 
 Demand for, and profitability of our products and services, is affected by changes in the price of, and demand for, crude oil and natural gas in domestic and international markets; 
 Cost inflation and availability of raw materials; 
 The impact of inflation on wholesale product costs, labor rates, transportation costs, and on our customers financial position and ability to purchase our products; 
 Global economic conditions, geopolitical issues, supply chain disruptions, and availability and cost of credit, and the impact thereof on our operations and those of our customers and suppliers; 
 Changes in the amount of or types of products and services our customers buy from us due to their decreased spending or demand changes that could reduce our revenues or profit margin; 
 Our ability to successfully compete with other companies in our industry; 
 Our ability to develop and implement or introduce new technologies, products, and services, as well as our ability to protect and maintain intellectual property assets; 
 Our ability to successfully execute potential acquisitions and integrate acquired businesses; 
 Potential liabilities arising out of the installation, use or manufacturing of our products or from a chemical spill, release or other hazard; 
 Manufacturing disruptions, particularly with respect to our chemical products, including as a result of fires, explosions and chemical spills, releases or discharges; 
 Continuing consolidation within our customers industry; 
 Credit risks related to our customer base or the loss of significant customers; 
 Risks relating to our existing international operations and expansion into new geographical markets; 
 Risks relating to improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners; 
 Failure to attract, retain and develop personnel; 
 The impact of natural disasters and other unusual weather conditions on our business; 
 Investor sentiment towards companies in the oil and gas industry due to climate change, fossil fuels and other environmental, social and governance matters; 
 Changes in domestic and foreign governmental public policies and actions of governments that impact oil and gas operations or favor renewable energy projects, risks associated with entry into emerging markets, changes in statutory tax rates and unanticipated outcomes with respect to tax audits; 
 Disruptions in the political, regulatory, economic and social conditions of the countries in which we conduct business; 
 Fluctuations in currency markets worldwide; 
 The impact of our indebtedness on our financial position and operating flexibility; 
 Disruptions in the capital and credit markets; 
 The impact of war, terrorism and civil unrest; 

Risks relating to information technology and cybersecurity, including the potential for cyberattacks or security breaches that could disrupt our or our partners or suppliers operations, compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, damage our reputation, expose us to legal liability, or cause financial losses; 
 Changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulations relating to oil and gas development and the potential for related litigation or restrictions on our customers; 
 Changes in environmental and health and safety laws and regulations which may increase our costs, limit the demand for our products and services or restrict our operations; and 
 The impact of tariffs and other trade measures on our business. 
 
 We wish to caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update, revise or correct any of our forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required under the federal securities laws. 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Product revenue Service revenue Lease and other revenue Total revenue Cost of goods and services Gross profit Costs and expenses: Selling, general and administrative expense (Gain) loss on sale-leaseback transaction and disposal group ) Interest expense, net Foreign currency transaction losses, net Other expense (income), net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to ChampionX Earnings per share attributable to ChampionX: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Defined pension and other post-retirement benefits adjustments, net Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to ChampionX 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net of allowances of in 2024 and in 2023 
 Inventories, net Assets held for sale Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of in 2024 and in 2023 
 Goodwill Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued compensation and employee benefits Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accrued distributor fees Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock billion shares authorized, par value) 
 million shares and million shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value of common stock Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ChampionX stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock (in thousands) Shares Par Value Capital in Excess of Par Value Accum. Deficit Accum. Other Comp. Loss Non-controlling Interest Total December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase and cancellation of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustments March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Cumulative translation adjustments ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Cumulative translation adjustments September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 4 

Common Stock (in thousands) Shares Par Value Capital in Excess of Par Value Accum. Deficit Accum. Other Comp. Loss Non-controlling Interest Total December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net income ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase and cancellation of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Cumulative translation adjustments March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase and cancellation of common stock ) ) ) ) ) June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase and cancellation of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustments ) ) September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (Gain) loss on sale-leaseback transaction and disposal group ) Loss on Argentina Blue Chip Swap transaction Stock-based compensation Provision for inventory obsolescence and write-downs Deferred income taxes ) ) Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets ) Amortization of deferred loan costs and accretion of discount Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities (net of effects of foreign exchange): Receivables Inventories ) ) Leased assets ) ) Other assets Accounts payable ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Proceeds from sale-leaseback transaction Purchase of investments ) Sale of investments Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Payment of debt issue costs ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Payments related to taxes withheld on stock-based compensation ) ) Proceeds expected to be remitted under the Accounts Receivable Facility Other ) ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 
 
 per share, of ChampionX issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any shares of ChampionX common stock held in the treasury of ChampionX or held by SLB, Holdco or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SLB, in each case except for any such shares held on behalf of third parties) will be converted, without any action on the part of the holder thereof, into the right to receive shares of common stock, par value per share, of SLB SLB Common Stock ), which shares will be duly authorized and validly issued in accordance with applicable laws (the Equity Consideration and, if applicable, cash in lieu of fractional shares. 
 
 The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for each of ChampionX and SLB. Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, including the termination (1) by either party if certain Mutual Legal Restraints (as defined below) exist, specified regulatory approvals have not been obtained or if the consummation of the Merger does not occur on or prior to April 2, 2025 (subject to an automatic extension to October 2, 2025 under specified circumstances) and the parties will have satisfied conditions to the Merger (subject to certain exceptions) or (2) by SLB under specified circumstances, SLB would be required to pay ChampionX a termination fee of million. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded third party legal and professional fees of million in connection with the Merger Agreement with SLB. These costs are reflected in selling, general and administrative expense within our condensed consolidated statement of income. 
 
 7 

Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 Please refer to Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 for the discussion of our significant accounting policies. 

NOTE 2 
 
 8 

Production Automation Technologies Drilling Technologies Reservoir Chemical Technologies Corporate and other (1) 
 ) ) ) Total revenue Segment operating profit (loss): Production Chemical Technologies Production Automation Technologies Drilling Technologies Reservoir Chemical Technologies Total segment operating profit Corporate and other (1) 
 Interest expense, net Income before income taxes 
 _______________________ 
 
 9 

NOTE 3 
 
 Latin America Middle East Africa ) Canada Europe Asia-Pacific Australia Other Total revenue ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Production Chemical Technologies Production Automation Technologies Drilling Technologies Reservoir Chemical Technologies Corporate and other (1) 
 Total United States ) Latin America Middle East Africa ) Canada Europe ) Asia-Pacific Australia Other Total revenue ) 
 ______________________ 
 (1) The sales related to the Cross Supply and Product Transfer Agreement with Ecolab were included within Corporate and other from June 3, 2020 through June 30, 2023. Beginning July 1, 2023, these sales and expenses are recognized in the Production Chemical Technologies segment. 
 10 

Latin America Middle East Africa ) Canada Europe Asia-Pacific Australia Other Total revenue ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Production Chemical Technologies Production Automation Technologies Drilling Technologies Reservoir Chemical Technologies Corporate and other (1) 
 Total United States Latin America Middle East Africa ) Canada Europe Asia-Pacific Australia Other Total revenue 
 
 Revenue is attributed to regions based on the location of our direct customer, which in some instances is an intermediary and not necessarily the end user. 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 Contract liabilities - current 
 
 11 

NOTE 4 
 
 Unpatented technologies Trademarks Patents Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trademarks In-process research and development Total 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Acquisitions (1) 
 Foreign currency translation ) ) September 30, 2024 
 ______________________ 
 (1) See Note 10 Acquisitions, Divestitures and Sale Leaseback for additional information related to the acquisitions completed during the first and third quarters of 2024. 
 
 Goodwill is not subject to amortization but is tested for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. 
 
 12 

NOTE 5 
 
 2022 Term Loan Facility Total Net unamortized discounts and issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt (1) 
 ) ) Long-term debt, less current portion 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Includes the mandatory amortization payments due within twelve months related to the 2022 Term Loan Facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 On June 7, 2022, we entered into a restated credit agreement (the Restated Credit Agreement ), which amends and restates the prior credit agreement. The Restated Credit Agreement provides for (i) a million senior secured term loan B facility (the 2022 Term Loan Facility and (ii) a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of million, of which million is available for the issuance of letters of credit (the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, and, together with the 2022 Term Loan Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facility ). Proceeds from future borrowings under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility are expected to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The initial amount drawn under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility has been repaid. As of September 30, 2024, we had amounts outstanding under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 The 2022 Term Loan Facility matures June 7, 2029 and the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility matures June 7, 2027. The 2022 Term Loan Facility is subject to mandatory amortization payments of per annum of the initial commitment paid quarterly, which began on December 30, 2022. The Senior Secured Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, and events of default for loan facilities of this type. We were in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 On September 29, 2023, we amended the Restated Credit Agreement to, among other things, reprice the Company s million of existing term loans under the 2022 Term Loan Facility, in connection with which new term loans in the same amount were issued. The new term loans bear interest at a per annum rate of (i) an adjusted SOFR Rate plus per annum or (ii) a base rate plus . The new term loans may be prepaid at any time without penalty, subject to the payment of customary breakage costs in the case of the SOFR rate loans. 
 
 On June 29, 2022, the Company executed a amortizing floating-to-fixed interest rate swap to hedge our exposure to increases in variable interest rates on the 2022 Term Loan Facility. This interest rate swap agreement is based on a million notional amount for the first three years, reducing to million for years four and five. See Note 11 Fair Value Measurements and Note 12 Derivatives and Hedging Transactions for additional information on interest rate swaps. 

13 

NOTE 6 
 
 million and million, respectively, of outstanding letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees, which expire at various dates through 2039. These financial instruments are primarily maintained as security for insurance, warranty, and other performance obligations. Generally, we would only be liable for the amount of these letters of credit, surety bonds, and guarantees in the event of default in the performance of our obligations, the probability of which we believe is remote. 
 
 Litigation and Environmental Matters 
 
 The Company is party to various proceedings and claims incidental to its business, including matters arising under provisions relating to the protection of the environment. We review the probable outcome of such proceedings, the costs and expenses reasonably expected to be incurred and accrued to date, and the availability and extent of insurance coverage. We accrue a liability for legal matters that are probable and can be reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a probable loss is a range, the Company records the most probable estimate of the loss or the minimum amount when no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount. While many of these matters involve inherent uncertainty, we believe that the amount of the liability, if any, ultimately incurred with respect to these proceedings and claims will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 The Company is currently participating in environmental assessments and remediation at approximately locations, the majority of which are in the United States U.S. ). Environmental liabilities have been accrued to reflect our best estimate of future costs. Potential insurance reimbursements are not anticipated in the Company s accruals for environmental liabilities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, related to these locations were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Prior to the commencement of our operations as an independent publicly traded company in 2018, groundwater contamination was discovered at the Norris Sucker Rods plant site located in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Initial remedial efforts were undertaken at the time of discovery of the contamination and we have since coordinated monitoring and remediation with the Oklahoma Department of Environmental Quality ODEQ ODEQ approved our long-term remediation plan, prepared in connection with an engineering and consulting firm engaged for this purpose and we have accrued liabilities of approximately 
 million for this remediation plan. We are now in discussion with ODEQ to finalize a consent order and we cannot fully anticipate the timing, outcome or possible impact of further remedial activities that may be required in a final order, financial or otherwise. Liabilities could increase in the future until such time as we ultimately reach agreement with ODEQ on our remediation plan in a final consent order and such liabilities become probable and can be reasonably estimated; however, there have been no changes to our estimated liability as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Matters Related to Deepwater Horizon Incident Response 
 
 On April 22, 2010, the deepwater drilling platform, the Deepwater Horizon, operated by a subsidiary of BP plc, sank in the Gulf of Mexico after an explosion and fire, resulting in a massive oil spill. Certain entities that are now subsidiaries of ChampionX as a result of the acquisition of the Chemical Technologies business in 2020 (collectively the COREXIT Defendants supplied COREXIT 9500, an oil dispersant product listed on the U.S. EPA National Contingency Plan Product Schedule, which was 
 14 

NOTE 7 
 
 Production Automation Technologies Drilling Technologies Reservoir Chemical Technologies Corporate and other Total Statements of Income classification: Cost of goods and services Selling, general and administrative expense Total 
 
 Our liability balance for restructuring expense at September 30, 2024 reflects contract termination costs, employee severance and related benefits initiated during prior periods. 
 
 15 

Restructuring charges Asset sales and write-offs ) Payments ) Other, including foreign currency translation ) September 30, 2024 

NOTE 8 
 
 per share of the Company s common stock. Our third quarter cash dividend of per share was declared on August 15, 2024 and is payable on October 25, 2024, to shareholders of record on October 4, 2024. As a result, we recorded a dividend payable of million on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. Subsequent dividend declarations, if any, including the amounts and timing of future dividends, are subject to approval by the Board and will depend on future business conditions, financial conditions, results of operations and other factors. 
 
 Repurchases 
 
 million of its common stock which was increased by our Board to million on October 24, 2022. On January 31, 2024, our Board authorized a further increase in the aggregate value of shares that may be repurchased under the share repurchase program to billion. This program has no time limit and does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of shares of its common stock. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we did t repurchase any shares under the share repurchase program. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased and cancelled shares of common stock for a total of million, including commissions and excise tax. 

NOTE 9 
 
 Weighted-average number of shares outstanding Dilutive effect of stock-based compensation Total shares and dilutive securities Earnings per share attributable to ChampionX: Basic Diluted 
 
 For all periods presented, the computation of diluted earnings per share excludes awards with an anti-dilutive impact. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the diluted shares include the dilutive impact of equity awards except for approximately million and million shares, respectively, that were excluded because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the diluted shares include the dilutive impact of equity awards except for approximately million shares and million shares, respectively, that were excluded because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

16 

NOTE 10 
 
 million, inclusive of working capital adjustments. As part of our purchase price allocation, we recorded goodwill of million. The pro forma effect of this acquisition on revenue and net income has been determined to be immaterial to our financial statements. 
 
 Artificial Lift Performance Limited 
 
 On February 26, 2024, we acquired Artificial Lift Performance Limited ALP ), a provider of advanced analytics solutions for enhancing oil and gas production performance based in Edinburgh, Scotland. These assets and liabilities have been included in our Production Automation Technologies segment. Under the terms of the agreements, we paid million, inclusive of working capital adjustments, with an additional million payable on the first anniversary of the closing date, and a maximum earn out potential of million over the next . As part of our purchase price allocation, we recorded definite-lived intangible assets of million which consists of assumed software, trademarks a nd customer relationships and recorded million of goodwill, which is inclusive of purchase price accounting adjustments. In addition, we assumed liabilities of million, which includes the holdback payment and earn-out consideration. The pro forma effect of this acquisition on revenue and net income has been determined to be immaterial to our financial statements. 
 
 17 

million, and as part of our purchase price allocation, we recorded definite-lived intangible assets of million, which consists of customer relationships, unpatented technology and trade names and recorded million of goodwill, which is inclusive of purchase price accounting adjustments. In addition, we assumed liabilities of million , which includes a million deferred tax liability. The pro forma effect of this acquisition on revenue and net income has been determined to be immaterial to our financial statements. 
 
 Receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant, and equipment Identifiable intangible assets Operating leases right-of-use asset Other noncurrent assets Total identifiable assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued compensation and employee benefits Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill Total net assets acquired 
 
 The purchase price was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their preliminary fair value estimates as of the acquisition date. The measurements of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent Level 3 inputs. The excess of the purchase price over such fair values was recorded as goodwill. The purchase price allocation is based upon a preliminary valuation only and will be finalized upon completion of certain valuation procedures. We will complete the purchase price allocation and valuation during the period following the acquisition date. 
 
 Divestitures 
 
 Russia 
 
 Due to the deteriorating business conditions in Russia following the Ukraine invasion and the resultant sanctions imposed by the United States, European Union, and United Kingdom, we initiated a plan to dispose of our operations in Russia (the CT Russia Business ), which is included in our Production Chemical Technologies segment. As a result, the CT Russia Business met the criteria to be classified as held for sale during the second quarter of 2022 and we measured the carrying value of the disposal group to the lower of its carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. 
 
 We assess the fair value of the CT Russia Business (less any costs to sell) each reporting period that it remains classified as held for sale and report any subsequent changes as an adjustment to the carrying value of the asset or disposal group, as long as the new carrying value does not exceed the carrying value of the asset at the time it was initially classified as held for sale. During the first quarter of 2023, we assessed the fair value less cost to sell the business to be , resulting in a million pre-tax impairment expense recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2023, which is reflected in loss (gain) on disposal group 
 18 

charges in the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Sale Leaseback 
 
 Orem, Utah 
 
 buildings in Orem, Utah. Under the arrangement, the property (land and buildings) with a net book value of million was sold for million and leased back under a lease agreement. We received cash of million, net of closing costs and other fees related to the sale of the property. The lease provides for annual base payments of million and expires in March 2044 with an option to extend the term of the lease for one additional period. The transaction qualifies as a sale leaseback, and as a result, we recorded a million net gain on sale. Additionally, we established a million right of use asset and million operating lease liability. 

NOTE 11 

Interest rate swaps Level 2 Total Liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts Level 2 Interest rate swaps Level 2 Total 
 
 The carrying value of foreign currency forward contracts is at fair value, which is determined based on foreign currency exchange rates as of the balance sheet date and is classified within Level 2. The primary inputs into the valuation of interest rate swaps are interest yield curves, interest rate volatility, and credit spreads. Our interest rate swaps are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, as these significant inputs are corroborated by observable market data. For purposes of fair value disclosure above, derivative values are presented gross. See Note 12 Derivatives and Hedging Transactions for further discussion of gross versus net presentation of the Company s derivatives. 
 
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, and accounts payable approximate their fair value due to their short-term nature. 
 
 The fair value of our term loan facility is based on Level 2 quoted market prices for the same or similar debt instruments. The fair value of the revolving line of credit approximates carrying value due to the variable interest rates charged on the 
 19 

2022 Term Loan Facility 

NOTE 12 
 
 Other non-current assets Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities 
 
 The following table summarizes the notional values of the Company s outstanding derivatives: 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Notional value of foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps 
 
 20 

) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss (gain) on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Other (income) expense, net ) Total loss (gain) of derivative instruments ) ) ) ) 

NOTE 13 
 
 Work in progress Finished goods Inventory reserve ) ) LIFO adjustments (1) 
 ) ) Inventories, net _______________________ 
 (1) Represents the amount by which the current cost of LIFO inventories exceeded their carrying value. 
 
 21 

NOTE 14 
 
 million in receivables may be sold and remain unpaid under the JPM Accounts Receivable Facility at any time. 
 
 On March 28, 2024, we entered into an uncommitted accounts receivable purchase agreement (the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility and, together with the JPM Accounts Receivable Facility, the Accounts Receivable Facilities with HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as the purchaser. The amount available for sale under the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility fluctuates over time based on the total amount of eligible receivables generated during the normal course of business. A maximum of CAD million or approximately million in receivables may be sold and remain unpaid under the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility at any time. 
 
 Accounts receivable sold under the JPM Accounts Receivable Facility were million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The accounts receivable sold that remained outstanding under the JPM Accounts Receivable Facility as of September 30, 2024 was million. Accounts receivable sold under the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility were million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The accounts receivable sold that remained outstanding under the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility as of September 30, 2024 was million. 
 
 During this period, cash receipts from the purchaser at the time of the sale were classified as operating activities in our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. The difference between the carrying amount of the accounts receivables sold and the sum of the cash received is recorded as a loss on sale of receivables in other income (expense), net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. The loss on sale of accounts receivable was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, under the JPM Accounts Receivable Facility. The loss on sale of accounts receivable was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, under the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility. 

NOTE 15 
 
 million outstanding under the program, which is included in accounts payable on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

NOTE 16 
 
 million and million, respectively, of inventory into property, plant, and equipment as a result of assets entering our leased asset program. 
 
 Expenditures for assets that are placed into our leased asset program expected to be recovered through sale are reported in leased assets in the operating section of our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. All other capitalizable expenditures for assets that are placed into our leased asset program are classified as capital expenditures in the investing section of our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 

22 

and higher than Argentina's official exchange during the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively. The Blue Chip Swap transactions resulted in million and million pre-tax loss on investment during the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively. These losses are reflected in other expense (income), net, within our condensed consolidated statements of income. We did t enter into any Blue Chip Swaps during the third quarter of 2024. 
 23 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This section provides our analysis of our financial performance, financial condition and significant trends that may affect our future performance. It should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements, and notes thereto, included elsewhere in this report. It contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements relating to ChampionX s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words believe, anticipate, expect, may, intend, foresee, guidance, estimate, potential, outlook, plan, should, would, could, target, forecast and similar expressions, including the negative thereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update, revise or correct any of our forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required under the federal securities laws. Readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the disclosures under the heading CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW AND BUSINESS OUTLOOK 
 
 We are a global leader in chemistry solutions, artificial lift systems, and highly engineered equipment and technologies that help companies drill for and produce oil and gas safely, efficiently, and sustainably around the world. Our expertise, innovative products, and digital technologies provide enhanced oil and gas production, transportation, and real-time emissions monitoring throughout the lifecycle of a well. Our business is organized into four reportable segments: Production Chemical Technologies, Production Automation Technologies, Drilling Technologies, and Reservoir Chemical Technologies. We refer to the Production Chemical Technologies segment and Reservoir Chemical Technologies segment together as the Chemical Technologies business. 
 
 Business Environment 
 
 We monitor macro-economic conditions and industry-specific drivers and key risk factors affecting our business segments as we formulate our strategic plans and make decisions related to allocating capital and human resources. Our business segments provide a broad range of technologies and products to support oil and gas production, exploration and development, and the midstream sector. As a result, we are substantially dependent upon global oil production levels, as well as new investment activity levels in the oil and gas and midstream sectors. Demand for our products, technologies and services is impacted by overall global demand for oil and gas, ongoing depletion rates of existing oil and gas wells, and our customers willingness to invest in the exploration for and development of new oil and gas resources. Our customers determine their operating and capital budgets based on current and expected future crude oil and natural gas prices, U.S. and worldwide rig count, U.S. well completions and expected industry cost levels, among other factors. Crude oil and natural gas prices are impacted by supply and demand, which are influenced by macroeconomic, geopolitical, and other events, and have historically been subject to substantial volatility and cyclicality. Rig count, footage drilled and completed, and exploration and production investment by oil and gas operators have often been used as leading indicators for the level of drilling and development activity and future production levels in the oil and gas sector. 
 
 Market Conditions and Outlook 
 
 In recent years, oil prices have remained volatile due to various factors such as global economic growth, as well as oil supply constraints, geopolitical developments, and inflationary pressures. During the first three quarters of 2024, oil prices continued to rise, most likely driven by the perception of heightened geopolitical risk related to the attacks targeting commercial ships transiting the Red Sea shipping channel and elevated tensions in the Middle East region. In early October 2024, oil prices began to decline slightly driven by concerns over weaker than expected demand from China and the oil supply/demand outlook into 2025. 
 
 The OPEC+ voluntary production cuts extension through November 2024 is supportive of oil prices in the short term. However, in September 2024, OPEC+ announced a phase-out of the voluntary production cuts beginning December 2024 through the following 12 months. OPEC+ expects the gradual nature of the phase-out will not have a dramatic effect on supply and oil price in 2025. Thus, while commodity prices currently remain constructive overall, we believe we will continue to see volatility and variability in the global market. Additionally, in particular, the U.S. rig count has trended downward slightly during the first three quarters of 2024, and most U.S. public exploration and production operators appear to be continuing capital discipline and limiting capital expenditure and activity levels to production maintenance or modest growth levels in the short term. 
 
 24 

Inflation rates have begun to moderate. Nonetheless, we continue to actively monitor market trends specifically related to the sourcing of raw materials. We also continue to work diligently to ensure selling prices offset the impact of raw material, labor, and logistics-related inflation on our businesses. Our productivity and continuous improvement initiatives are focused on delivering expanding profit margins in all our businesses. 
 
 Merger Agreement 
 
 On April 2, 2024, ChampionX entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Schlumberger Limited, a Cura ao corporation SLB ), Sodium Holdco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SLB Holdco ), and Sodium Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of SLB and Holdco Merger Sub ), pursuant to which, and subject to the terms and conditions therein, Merger Sub will be merged with and into ChampionX (the Merger, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ), with ChampionX surviving the Merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SLB. 
 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time and by virtue of the Merger, each share of ChampionX common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any shares of ChampionX common stock held in the treasury of ChampionX or held by SLB, Holdco or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SLB, in each case except for any such shares held on behalf of third parties) will be converted, without any action on the part of the holder thereof, into the right to receive 0.735 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of SLB SLB Common Stock ), which shares will be duly authorized and validly issued in accordance with applicable laws (the Equity Consideration and, if applicable, cash in lieu of fractional shares. 
 
 The parties obligations to consummate the Merger are subject to satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, including, among others: (a) adoption by ChampionX stockholders of the Merger Agreement; (b) the receipt of approval for listing of the shares of SLB Common Stock which will comprise Equity Consideration on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official notice of issuance; (c) the absence of certain legal restraints that enjoin, prohibit, prevent or make illegal the consummation of the Transactions Mutual Legal Restraint (d) the expiration or termination of all waiting periods applicable to the Transactions under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act ), and any commitment to, or agreement with, any governmental entity to delay the consummation of, or not to consummate before a certain date, the Transactions and the receipt of all clearances, consents and approvals under certain specified regulatory laws; (e) the effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed by SLB in connection with the issuance of the Equity Consideration, which will include a proxy statement of ChampionX (the Form S-4 (f) with respect to closing conditions for the benefit of SLB, (i) the absence of certain specified legal restraints that enjoin, prohibit, prevent or make illegal the consummation of the Transactions, (ii) the absence of investigations of the Transaction under specified regulatory laws, (iii) the expiration of all waiting periods applicable under specified regulatory filings following SLB s determination to submit such filings Specified Regulatory Filings ), (iv) receipt of all clearances, consents and approvals under the Specified Regulatory Filings and (v) the absence of certain other regulatory laws prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the Transactions or otherwise as set forth in the Merger Agreement and (g) certain other customary conditions relating to the parties representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement and the performance of their respective obligations. On May 15, 2024, the Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in connection with the Transactions was declared effective by the SEC. On June 18, 2024, ChampionX s stockholders adopted the Merger Agreement at a special meeting of the stockholders. 
 
 On July 2, 2024, SLB announced that ChampionX and SLB had each received a Request for Additional Information and Documentary Material (collectively, the Second Request from the United States Department of Justice DOJ in connection with the DOJ s review of the Merger. Issuance of the Second Request extends the waiting period under the HSR Act, until 30 days after both ChampionX and SLB substantially comply with the Second Request, unless the waiting period is extended voluntarily by the parties or terminated earlier. 
 
 Additional information about the Merger is set forth in our Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 3, 2024 and the Definitive Proxy on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on May 15, 2024. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 Refer to our Critical Accounting Estimates included in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of our critical accounting estimates. 

25 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three Months Ended September 30, June 30, Variance (in thousands) 2024 2024 Revenue 906,533 893,272 13,261 Cost of goods and services 608,764 613,426 (4,662) Gross profit 297,769 279,846 17,923 Selling, general and administrative expense 180,501 182,995 (2,494) (Gain) loss on sale-leaseback transaction and disposal group 57 57 Interest expense, net 14,137 15,421 (1,284) Foreign currency transaction losses (gains), net 3,505 (2,767) 6,272 Other (income) expense, net (2,176) 938 (3,114) Income before income taxes 101,745 83,259 18,486 Provision for income taxes 28,078 27,868 210 Net income 73,667 55,391 18,276 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 1,659 2,822 (1,163) Net income attributable to ChampionX 72,008 52,569 19,439 
 
 Revenue. Revenue increased 13.3 million, or 1 , sequentially primarily due to the incremental revenues associated with RMSpumptools Limited, acquired on July 8, 2024. 
 
 Gross profit. Gross profit increased 17.9 million, or 6 , sequentially mainly due to increased sales as well as a 2.5 million reduction in restructuring expense compared to the prior quarter. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense. Selling, general and administrative expense decreased 2.5 million, or 1 , sequentially, primarily due to a reduction in third party legal and professional fees incurred related to the Merger transaction with SLB. 
 
 Foreign currency transaction losses (gains), net. Foreign currency transaction losses, net was 3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to foreign currency transaction gains, net of 2.8 million in the prior quarter. The change was primarily due to the gain realized on a cash flow hedge of the purchase price of RMSpumptools Limited for the three months ended June 30, 2024 that was not repeated during the current quarter. 
 
 Other (income) expense, net. Other income, net was 2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to other expense, net of 0.9 million in the prior quarter. This change was primarily due to increased earnings on equity method investments. 
 
 Provision for income taxes. Our provision for income taxes reflected effective tax rates ETR of 27.6 and 33.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. The decrease to the ETR for the quarter ending September 30, 2024 was driven by lower discrete tax expense. 
 26 

Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance (in thousands) 2024 2023 Revenue 2,721,946 2,814,730 (92,784) Cost of goods and services 1,845,127 1,957,309 (112,182) Gross profit 876,819 857,421 19,398 Selling, general and administrative expense 535,910 485,617 50,293 (Gain) loss on sale leaseback and disposal group (29,826) 12,965 (42,791) Interest expense, net 43,493 40,754 2,739 Foreign currency transaction losses (gains), net 793 21,683 (20,890) Other expense (income), net 1,689 (13,494) 15,183 Income before income taxes 324,760 309,896 14,864 Provision for income taxes 82,542 69,334 13,208 Net income 242,218 240,562 1,656 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 4,718 3,522 1,196 Net income attributable to ChampionX 237,500 237,040 460 
 
 Revenue. Revenue decreased 92.8 million, or 3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to prior year primarily due to a decline in revenues in Latin America along with an expected decline in revenue derived from the Cross Supply and Product Transfer Agreement with Ecolab Inc. Ecolab ). 
 
 Gross profit. Gross profit increased 19.4 million, or 2 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to prior year, mainly due to productivity improvements and discretionary spend control. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense. Selling, general and administrative expense increased 50.3 million, or 10 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to prior year, primarily due to 23.4 million in transaction costs incurred related to the Merger transaction with SLB and increased restructuring charges as compared to the prior period. 
 
 (Gain) loss on sale-leaseback transaction and disposal group. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we entered into a sale-leaseback transaction. We received cash of 44.3 million, net of closing costs and other fees related to the sale of the property. The lease provides for annual base payments of 3.3 million and expires in March 2044 with an option to extend the term of the lease for one additional seven-year period. The transaction qualifies as a sale leaseback, and as a result, we recorded a 29.8 million net gain on sale. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, a 13.0 million loss was incurred to write down the assets within our CT Russia Business to its recoverable value, which as of March 31, 2023 was zero. 
 
 Foreign currency transaction losses (gains), net. Foreign currency transaction losses, net was 0.8 million for the six months ended September 30, 2024, compared to foreign currency transaction losses, net of 21.7 million in the prior year. The prior year included an 18.9 million exchange loss attributable to the Argentine peso devaluation. 
 
 Interest expense, net. Interest expense, net increased 2.7 million, or 7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to prior year primarily due to an increase in interest rates. 
 
 Other expense (income), net. Other expense, net was 1.7 million for the six months ended September 30, 2024, compared to other income, net of 13.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This change was primarily due to the settlement of a liability that resulted in a gain during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, partially offset by the 7.1 million loss incurred on Blue Chip Swap transactions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Provision for income taxes. The ETR for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 were 25.4 and 22.4 , respectively. The increase in ETR year over year is primarily related to discrete benefits for return to provision adjustments in 2023. 
 
 27 

SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three Months Ended September 30, June 30, Variance (in thousands) 2024 2024 Segment revenue: Production Chemical Technologies 559,539 569,577 (10,038) Production Automation Technologies 275,700 244,487 31,213 Drilling Technologies 51,792 52,888 (1,096) Reservoir Chemical Technologies 20,531 27,123 (6,592) Corporate and other (1,029) (803) (226) Total revenue 906,533 893,272 13,261 Segment operating profit (loss): Production Chemical Technologies 87,260 85,388 1,872 Production Automation Technologies 34,136 22,207 11,929 Drilling Technologies 11,501 11,863 (362) Reservoir Chemical Technologies 1,675 4,363 (2,688) Total segment operating profit 134,572 123,821 10,751 Corporate expense and other (1) 
 18,690 25,141 (6,451) Interest expense, net 14,137 15,421 (1,284) Income before income taxes 101,745 83,259 18,486 
 Production Chemical Technologies 
 Revenue. Production Chemical Technologies revenue decreased 10.0 million, or 2 , sequentially, mainly due to lower sales volumes internationally. 
 
 Operating profit. Production Chemical Technologies operating profit increased 1.9 million, or 2 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior quarter due to a 3.1 million loss on the Blue Chip Swap during the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 Production Automation Technologies 
 
 Revenue. Production Automation Technologies revenue increased 31.2 million, or 13 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior quarter primarily due to the acquisition of RMSpumptools Limited, which was completed on July 8, 2024, and higher sales in one of our artificial lift product lines. 
 
 Operating profit. Production Automation Technologies operating profit increased by 11.9 million, or 54 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior quarter due to higher revenues and 5.0 million of restructuring charges related to the exit of certain products, facility closures and headcount reductions taken during the second quarter of 2024 that was not repeated in the current quarter. 
 
 Drilling Technologies 
 
 Revenue. Drilling Technologies revenue decreased 1.1 million, or 2 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior quarter primarily due to lower sales volumes in the bearings product line associated with customers managing inventory levels. 
 
 Operating profit. Drilling Technologies third quarter operating profit is essentially flat compared to the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 Reservoir Chemical Technologies 
 
 Revenue. Reservoir Chemical Technologies revenue decreased 6.6 million, or 24 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior quarter primarily due to lower sales volume in the U.S. and internationally. 
 
 28 

Operating profit. Reservoir Chemical Technologies operating profit decreased 2.7 million or 62 primarily due to lower sales volume, as mentioned above. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance (in thousands) 2024 2023 Segment revenue: Production Chemical Technologies 1,719,224 1,770,240 (51,016) Production Automation Technologies 772,801 761,852 10,949 Drilling Technologies 159,886 168,900 (9,014) Reservoir Chemical Technologies 72,359 74,752 (2,393) Corporate (1) 
 (2,324) 38,986 (41,310) Total revenue 2,721,946 2,814,730 (92,784) Segment operating profit (loss): Production Chemical Technologies 260,480 248,037 12,443 Production Automation Technologies 84,813 96,299 (11,486) Drilling Technologies 67,766 36,802 30,964 Reservoir Chemical Technologies 9,784 6,634 3,150 Total segment operating profit 422,843 387,772 35,071 Corporate expense and other (1) 
 54,590 37,122 17,468 Interest expense, net 43,493 40,754 2,739 Income before income taxes 324,760 309,896 14,864 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Corporate and other includes costs not directly attributable or allocated to our reporting segments such as overhead and other costs pertaining to corporate executive management and other administrative functions, and the results attributable to our noncontrolling interest. Additionally, the sales and expenses related to the Cross Supply and Product Transfer Agreement with Ecolab were included within Corporate and other from June 3, 2020, the date we acquired the Chemical Technologies business from Ecolab, through June 30, 2023. Beginning July 1, 2023, these sales and expenses are recognized in the Production Chemical Technologies segment. 
 
 Production Chemical Technologies 
 
 Revenue. Production Chemical Technologies revenue decreased 51.0 million, or 3 , as compared to the prior year, mainly due to lower sales volumes in Latin America. 
 
 Operating profit. Operating profit increased 12.4 million, or 5 , compared to the prior year, primarily due to continued productivity initiatives, and discretionary spend control. The prior year period included a 13.0 million pre-tax impairment expense recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2023, to write down the assets of the CT Russia business to zero. 
 
 Production Automation Technologies 
 
 Revenue. Revenue remained essentially flat as compared to the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in customer activity partially offset by revenues related to the acquisition of RMSpumptools which was completed on July 8, 2024. 
 
 Operating profit. Operating profit decreased 11.5 million, or 12 , compared to the prior year primarily due to lower sales volumes as noted above, 5.1 million of restructuring charges related to the exit of certain products, facility closures, and headcount reductions across the segment and 2.6 million related to business acquisition costs. 
 
 Drilling Technologies 
 
 Revenue. Revenue decreased 9.0 million, or 5 , as compared to the prior year due to lower worldwide rig count and product mix. 
 
 Operating profit. Operating profit increased 31.0 million, or 84 , compared to the prior year primarily due to the 29.8 million gain on the sale leaseback of the U.S. Synthetic buildings and land during the first quarter of 2024. Excluding the gain, operating profit increased 1.1 million due to improved processing costs. 
 29 

Reservoir Chemical Technologies 
 
 Revenue. Revenue decreased 2.4 million, or 3 , compared to the prior year primarily due to lower sales volumes. 
 
 Operating profit. Operating profit increased 3.2 million, or 47 , compared to the prior year, due to continued productivity initiatives, and discretionary spend control. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our primary source of cash is from operating activities. We have historically generated, and expect to continue to generate, positive cash flow from operations. Cash generated from operations is generally allocated to working capital requirements, investments to support profitable revenue growth and maintain our facilities and systems, acquisitions that create value through add-on capabilities that broaden our existing businesses and support our growth strategy, as well as share repurchases, dividend payments to stockholders, and debt repayments to reduce our leverage. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 389.1 million compared to 288.6 million at December 31, 2023, primarily for working capital and operational purposes. At September 30, 2024, we had total liquidity of 1.1 billion, comprised of 389.1 million of cash and cash equivalents and 670.9 million of available capacity under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below). 
 
 The Company maintains a restated credit agreement (the Restated Credit Agreement that provides for (i) a 625.0 million seven-year senior secured term loan B facility (the 2022 Term Loan Facility and (ii) a five-year senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of 700.0 million, of which 100.0 million is available for the issuance of letters of credit (the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility together with the 2022 Term Loan Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facility ). On September 29, 2023, we amended the Restated Credit Agreement to, among other things, reprice the Company s 620.3 million of existing term loans under the 2022 Term Loan Facility, in connection with which new term loans in the same amount were issued. The new term loans bear interest at a per annum rate of (i) an adjusted SOFR Rate plus 2.75 per annum or (ii) a base rate plus 1.75 . The new term loans may be prepaid at any time without penalty, subject to the payment of customary breakage costs in the case of the SOFR rate loans. All other material terms of the Senior Secured Credit Facility remain unchanged. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had a long-term debt balance of 592.2 million, net of the current portion of long-term debt of 6.2 million, consisting of the 2022 Term Loan Facility with a principal amount of 614.1 million. 
 
 Outlook 
 
 We expect to generate cash from operations to support business requirements and, if necessary, through the use of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. Volatility in credit, equity and commodity markets can create uncertainty for our businesses. However, the Company believes, based on our current financial condition and current expectations of future market conditions, that we will meet our short- and long-term needs with a combination of cash on hand, cash generated from operations, the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and access to capital markets. 
 
 On January 31, 2024, our Board of Directors Board approved an increase of our regular quarterly cash dividend to 0.095 per share of the Company s common stock. Our third quarter cash dividend of 0.095 per share was declared on August 15, 2024 and is payable on October 25, 2024, to shareholders of record on October 4, 2024. As a result, we recorded a dividend payable of 19.0 million on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. Subsequent dividend declarations, if any, including the amounts and timing of future dividends, are subject to approval by the Board and will depend on future business conditions, financial conditions, results of operations and other factors. 
 
 On March 7, 2022, the Company announced that our Board approved a 250 million share repurchase program Share 
 Repurchase Program which was increased to 750 million by the Board on October 24, 2022. On January 31, 2024, our Board authorized a further increase in the aggregate value of shares that may be repurchased under the share repurchase program to 1.5 billion. Under the Share Repurchase Program, shares of the Company s common stock may be repurchased periodically, including in the open market or privately negotiated transactions. We expect to fund share repurchases from cash generated from operations. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we did not repurchase any shares under the Share Repurchase Program. The actual timing, manner, number, and value of shares repurchased under the program will depend on a number of factors, including the availability of excess free cash, the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, applicable requirements, and other business considerations. 
 30 

Over the next year, we expect to fund our capital expenditures and reduce outstanding debt through earnings and working capital improvements. We project capital spending for 2024 to be approximately 3.5 of revenue inclusive of capital investments for our electric submersible pump leased assets. 
 
 Information related to guarantees is incorporated herein by reference from Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash from operating activities 382,431 371,318 Cash used in investing activities (178,225) (98,637) Cash used in financing activities (102,627) (236,548) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (1,027) (1,314) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 100,552 34,819 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 382.4 million as compared to 371.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change was primarily driven by the increase in net income of 1.7 million, and decreased use of cash for working capital items. Changes in working capital items used cash of 43.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to cash used of 84.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in working capital items primarily related to decreases in inventory purchases and a decrease in accounts payable as compared to the prior year period. 
 
 Expenditures for assets that are placed into our leased asset program expected to be recovered through sale are reported in leased assets in the operating section of our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. All other capitalizable expenditures for assets that are placed into our leased asset program are classified as capital expenditures in the investing section of our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 178.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and was primarily comprised of capital expenditures of 101.4 million, purchases of investments of 31.5 million, and acquisitions net of cash acquired of 123.3 million, partially offset by 44.3 million of proceeds from the sale-leaseback transaction, 24.4 million from the sale of investments, and 9.3 million from the sale of fixed assets. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 98.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and was primarily comprised of capital expenditures of 111.0 million, partially offset by 12.3 million of cash proceeds from the sale of fixed assets. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash used in financing activities of 102.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily the result of repurchases of our common stock of 49.4 million, dividends paid of 52.4 million, payments related to taxes withheld on stock-based compensation of 12.0 million, and net repayments totaling 4.7 million on long-term debt. This was partially offset by 28.5 million of proceeds expected to be remitted under the Accounts Receivable Facility (as defined below). 
 
 Cash used in financing activities of 236.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily the result of repurchases of our common stock of 159.7 million, dividends paid of 48.3 million, net repayments totaling 28.1 million on long-term debt, and payments related to taxes withheld on stock-based compensation of 9.7 million. This was partially offset by 14.0 million of proceeds expected to be remitted under the Accounts Receivable Facility and 5.8 million in cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 
 31 

Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 A summary of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility at September 30, 2024 was as follows: 
 (in millions) 
 Description 
 Amount Debt Outstanding Letters of Credit Unused Capacity Maturity Five-year revolving credit facility 700.0 29.1 670.9 June 2027 
 
 Additionally, we have letters of credit outside of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility totaling approximately 2.2 million. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Accounts Receivable Facilities 
 
 On June 28, 2022, we entered into an uncommitted accounts receivable purchase agreement (the JPM Accounts Receivable Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as the purchaser. The amount available for sale under the JPM Accounts Receivable Facility fluctuates over time based on the total amount of eligible receivables generated during the normal course of business. A maximum of 160.0 million in receivables may be sold and remain unpaid under the JPM Accounts Receivable Facility at any time. 
 
 On March 28, 2024, we entered into an uncommitted accounts receivable purchase agreement (the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility and, together with the JPM Accounts Receivable Facility, the Accounts Receivable Facilities with HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as the purchaser. The amount available for sale under the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility fluctuates over time based on the total amount of eligible receivables generated during the normal course of business. A maximum of CAD 40.0 million or approximately 30.0 million in receivables may be sold and remain unpaid under the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility at any time. 
 
 Accounts receivable sold under the JPM Accounts Receivable were 513.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The accounts receivables sold that remained outstanding under the JPM Accounts Receivable Facility as of September 30, 2024 was 97.0 million. During this period, cash receipts from the purchaser at the time of the sale were classified as operating activities in our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. The difference between the carrying amount of the accounts receivables sold and the sum of the cash received is recorded as a loss on sale of receivables in other income (expense), net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. The loss on sale of accounts receivable was 5.6 million and 5.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Accounts receivable sold under the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility were 59.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The accounts receivables sold that remained outstanding under the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility as of September 30, 2024 was 23.2 million. The loss on sale of accounts receivable was 0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 under the HSBC Accounts Receivable Facility. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We may be exposed to certain market risks arising from the use of financial instruments in the ordinary course of business. For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Our exposure to market risk has not materially changed since December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 4 . CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, carried out an evaluation, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 32 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 33 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are involved in various pending or potential legal actions in the ordinary course of our business. Management is unable to predict the ultimate outcome of these actions because of the inherent uncertainty of litigation. However, management believes the most probable, ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Except as set forth below, there have not been material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Merger is subject to a number of conditions to the obligations of both ChampionX and SLB to complete the Merger, including receipt of required regulatory clearances, which may impose unacceptable conditions or could delay completion of the Merger or result in termination of the Merger Agreement. 
 
 On April 2, 2024, ChampionX entered into the Merger Agreement whereby SLB will acquire ChampionX in an all-equity transaction pursuant to the Merger. The respective obligations of each of ChampionX and SLB to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the closing of numerous conditions, including, among other things, (a) adoption by ChampionX stockholders of the Merger Agreement; (b) the receipt of approval for listing of shares of the SLB Common Stock as Equity Consideration on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official notice of issuance; (c) the absence of certain legal restraints that enjoin, prohibit, prevent or make illegal the consummation of the Transactions; (d) the expiration or termination of the waiting period (and any extension of such period) under the HSR Act and any commitment to, or agreement with, any governmental entity to delay the consummation of, or not to consummate before a certain date, the Transactions and the receipt of all clearances, consents and approvals under certain specified regulatory laws; (e) the effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed by SLB in connection with the issuance of the Equity Consideration, which will include a proxy statement of ChampionX; (f) with respect to SLB, (i) the absence of Mutual Legal Restraints, (ii) the absence of investigations of the Transaction under specified regulatory laws, (iii) the expiration of all waiting periods applicable under Specified Regulatory Filings following SLB s determination to submit such filings, (iv) receipt of all clearances, consents and approvals under the Specified Regulatory Filings and (v) the absence of certain other regulatory laws prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the Transactions or otherwise as set forth in the Merger Agreement and (g) certain other customary conditions relating to the parties representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement and the performance of their respective obligations. 
 
 On May 15, 2024, the Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus that was filed with the SEC in connection with the Transactions was declared effective by the SEC. On June 18, 2024, ChampionX s stockholders adopted the Merger Agreement at a special meeting of the stockholders. However, we cannot predict whether and when the other conditions to the completion of the Merger will be satisfied. Many of the conditions to the completion of the Merger are not within ChampionX s or SLB s control, and ChampionX cannot predict when, or if, these conditions will be satisfied. Furthermore, the requirement for obtaining regulatory clearances could delay the completion of the Merger for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. Regulators may seek to enjoin the completion of the Merger or require the parties to license, or hold separate, assets or terminate existing relationships and contractual rights, which could be in excess of the contractual requirements for remedies, or which could prevent certain of the anticipated benefits of the Merger from being achieved in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 Failure to complete the Merger could negatively impact the price of our stock and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 
 If the Merger is not completed for any reason, including as a result of failure to obtain all requisite regulatory approvals, our ongoing business may be materially and adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the Merger, we would be subject to a number of risks, including the following: 
 
 we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative stock price impacts; 
 we may experience negative reactions from commercial and business partners; and 
 we will still be required to pay certain significant costs relating to the Merger, such as legal, accounting, financial advisor, and printing fees. 
 34 

If the Merger is not completed, the risks described above may materialize and they may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and the price of our publicly-traded stock. 
 
 The pendency of the Merger may adversely affect our business, financial results and operations. 
 
 Whether or not the Merger is completed, its announcement and pendency could cause disruptions to our business, including: 
 
 uncertainties associated with the Merger may cause us to lose management personnel and other key employees, which could adversely affect our future business and operations following the Merger; 
 our business relationships may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with the Merger, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial position; 
 matters relating to the Merger (including integration planning) require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management, which may result in the distraction of our management from ongoing business operations and pursuing other opportunities that could be beneficial to us; and 
 the Merger Agreement places certain restrictions on how we conduct our operations, which may delay or prevent us from undertaking business opportunities that, absent the Merger Agreement, we may have pursued. 
 
 SLB may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger and may fail to successfully integrate the businesses and operations of the parties in the expected time frame. 
 
 The success of the Merger, and the value that ChampionX stockholders who receive SLB Common Stock following the Merger will realize, depends on, among other things, the successful combination of ChampionX s and SLB s businesses in a manner that realizes anticipated synergies and benefits and meets or exceeds the forecasted stand-alone cost savings anticipated by the combined business. If the combined business is not able to successfully achieve these synergies, or the cost to achieve these synergies is greater than expected, then the anticipated benefits of the Merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. If the transaction closes, it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key ChampionX employees or key SLB employees, the loss of customers, providers, vendors, or business partners, the disruption of either or both parties ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies, potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses, delays, or regulatory conditions associated with and following completion of the Merger, or higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. 
 
 In addition, at times the attention of certain members of our management team and resources may be focused on the completion of the Merger and planning the anticipated integration, and diverted from day-to-day business operations or other opportunities that may have been beneficial to ChampionX, which may disrupt our ongoing business and the operations of the combined business. 
 
 We may be subject to litigation challenging the Merger, and an unfavorable judgment or ruling in any such lawsuits could prevent or delay the consummation of the Merger and/or result in substantial costs. 
 
 Lawsuits related to the Merger may be filed against us, SLB, and our respective affiliates, directors and officers. If dismissals are not obtained or a settlement is not reached, these lawsuits could prevent or delay completion of the Merger and/or result in substantial costs to us. 
 
 The Merger Agreement contains provisions that could discourage or deter a potential competing offer to acquire our common stock. 
 
 We are not permitted to solicit proposals for certain alternative business combination transactions and, subject to certain exceptions, we are not permitted to engage in discussions or negotiations regarding an alternative business combination transaction. Such restrictions could discourage or deter a third party, that may be willing to pay more than SLB for our outstanding common stock, from considering or proposing such an acquisition. 

35 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 We did not repurchase any equity securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the third quarter of 2024. 
 On March 7, 2022, the Company announced that our Board authorized the Company to repurchase up to 250 million of its common stock. On October 24, 2022, our Board increased the authorization under this program to 750 million. On January 31, 2024, our Board authorized an increase in the aggregate value of shares that may be repurchased under the Share Repurchase Program to 1.5 billion. This program has no time limit and does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of shares of its common stock. As of September 30, 2024, the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the Share Repurchase Program is 996.7 million. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 
 
 Under the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, the Company is required to disclose in its periodic reports if it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with entities or individuals designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosure is required even where the activities are conducted outside the U.S. by non-U.S. affiliates in compliance with applicable law, and even if the activities are not covered or prohibited by U.S. law. 
 As authorized by the U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), a non-U.S. subsidiary of the Company which is part of our Chemical Technologies business completed sales of products used for process and water treatment applications in upstream oil and gas production related to the operation of and production from the Rhum gas field off the Scottish coast Rhum totaling two thousand dollars during the period from July 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024. The net profit before taxes associated with these sales for each period were nominal. Rhum is jointly owned by Serica Energy plc and Iranian Oil Company (U.K.) Limited. Our non-U.S. subsidiary does not intend to continue the Rhum-related activities which had previously been conducted consistent with a specific license obtained from OFAC by its customers that expires January 31, 2025. 
 
 Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) informed us of the or of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 36 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit No. Filing Date 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 2, 2024, by and among ChampionX Corporation, Sodium Holdco, Inc., Schlumberger Limited and Sodium Merger Sub, Inc. 
 8-K/A 2.1 April 3, 2024 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company 
 8-K 3.1 May 11, 2023 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company 
 8-K 3.2 May 11, 2023 10.1 Master Receivables Purchase Agreement Facility Extension Request dated August 30, 2024 
 10.2 F ifth Amendment to Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of Au gust 30 , 2024 among ChampionX LLC and US Synthetic Corporation as Sellers , ChampionX Corporation, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Purchaser. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Schedules (or similar attachments) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules (or similar attachments) upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Filed herewith Furnished herewith 
 
 37 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CHAMPIONX CORPORATION (Registrant) /s/ ANTOINE MARCOS Antoine Marcos Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and a Duly Authorized Officer) Date: October 24, 2024 
 
 38 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 a20240930exhibit101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 
 Facility Extension Request 
 August 30, 2024 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. , as Purchaser 
 575 Washington Boulevard 
 Jersey City, NJ, 07310 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2022, by and among, inter alios , ChampionX Corporation (the Seller Representative ), the following subsidiaries of the Seller Representative, as sellers and servicers ChampionX LLC ChampionX and US Synthetic Corporation US Synthetic ), collectively the Sellers , and each a Seller and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the Purchaser (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 1(b)(ii) of the Agreement, the Seller Representative on behalf of the Sellers hereby irrevocably requests that the Purchaser extend the current Purchase Termination Date to August 31, 2025 (the New Purchase Termination Date ). 
 
 Seller Representative for itself and on behalf of the Sellers hereby (a) represents and warrants to the Purchaser that (i) the representations and warranties as Sellers and as Servicers in the Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date hereof and (ii) no default under the Agreement has occurred or is continuing or would occur as a result of this Facility Extension Request, and (b) affirms its understanding that the Uncommitted Facility is not a commitment and does not in any way obligate the Purchaser to purchase any Offered Receivables under the Agreement. 
 
 ChampionX Corporation 

By s Daniel T. Erdman Name Daniel T. Erdman 
 Title Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 The Purchaser hereby consents to this Facility Extension Request, and effective as of the current Purchase Termination Date, the current Purchase Termination Date shall be amended to be the New Purchase Termination Date. 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as Purchaser 

By _ s Jason Benson 
 Name Jason Benson 
 Title Executive Director 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 a20240930exhibit102.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

Exhibit 10.2 
 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO 
 MASTER RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Fifth Amendment dated as of August 30 th , 2024 (the Amendment is to that certain Master Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 28, 2022, among ChampionX LLC and US Synthetic Corporation, as Seller and Servicer, ChampionX Corporation, as Company and Seller Representative, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Purchaser (as amended, extended, modified, supplemented, restated, renewed and or replaced, the RPA ), under which a Seller may request to sell and assign certain receivables to Purchaser pursuant to the terms therein and Purchaser may in its sole discretion purchase such receivables (such arrangement, the Uncommitted Receivables Purchase Facility ). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned to them in the RPA. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for mutual consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by the parties, the Purchaser and Seller Representative (acting on behalf of each Seller) hereby agree to amend the RPA as follows 
 1. Schedule I (Account Debtor Information) of the RPA is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with a new Schedule I in the form of Exhibit A attached to this Amendment. 
 2. The definition of Eligible Account Debtor in Annex A of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting subsection (a) and replacing it with the following 
 a. that is listed on Schedule I , as such Schedule may be updated from time to time as agreed to in writing by the Purchaser and the Seller Representative, it being understood that any Account Debtor that is a Subsidiary of a parent listed on Schedule I must remain a direct or indirect majority-owned Subsidiary of that parent in order to be an Eligible Account Debtor 
 1. Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the provisions of the RPA remain in full force and effect, including without limitation, the uncommitted nature of the receivables purchase facility documented under the RPA. 
 2. This Amendment shall become effective only after it is fully executed and delivered by the Seller Representative and the Purchaser and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be considered an original, but all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by telecopy, emailed pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year of the first above written. 
 
 CHAMPIONX CORPORATION, as Seller Representative 
 
 By ___ s Daniel T. Erdman 
 Name ___ Daniel T. Erdman 
 Title ___ Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Purchaser 
 
 By ___ s Jason Benson 
 Name ___ Jason Benson 
 Title ___ Executive Director 

Exhibit A to Fifth Amendment to Master Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 Schedule I 
 
 On file with Purchaser 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a20240930exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Sivasankaran Somasundaram, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ChampionX Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 24, 2024 s SIVASANKARAN SOMASUNDARAM Sivasankaran Somasundaram 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a20240930exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Kenneth M. Fisher, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ChampionX Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 24, 2024 s KENNETH M. FISHER Kenneth M. Fisher 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a20240930exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

I, Sivasankaran Somasundaram, President and Chief Executive Officer of ChampionX Corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (a) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 24, 2024 s SIVASANKARAN SOMASUNDARAM Sivasankaran Somasundaram 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a20240930exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

I, Kenneth M. Fisher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ChampionX Corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (a) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 24, 2024 s KENNETH M. FISHER Kenneth M. Fisher 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 championx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 championx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 championx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 championx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 championx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

