<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241023_10-Q_edgar_data_798354_0000798354-24-000190.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10084616</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122121</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1672663</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3788937</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2261215</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2014088</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000798354-24-000190.hdr.sgml : 20241023
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241023070530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000798354-24-000190
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241023
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241023

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FISERV INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000798354
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				391506125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38962
		FILM NUMBER:		241387794

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 N. VEL R. PHILLIPS AVENUE
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2628795000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 N. VEL R. PHILLIPS AVENUE
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000798354-24-000190.txt : 20241023

10-Q
 1
 fisv-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fisv-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I. R. S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices and zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act : 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 18, 2024, there were shares of common stock, 0.01 par value, of the registrant outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 42 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 42 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 42 
 Exhibit Index 
 Signatures 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Fiserv, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Processing and services (1) 
 Product Total revenue Expenses: Cost of processing and services Cost of product Selling, general and administrative Net gain on sale of businesses and other assets ) ) Total expenses Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes and loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates Income tax provision ) ) ) ) Loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) ) Net income Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Net income attributable to Fiserv, Inc. Net income attributable to Fiserv, Inc. per share: Basic Diluted Shares used in computing net income attributable to Fiserv, Inc. per share: Basic Diluted 
 (1) million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (see Note 19). 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Fiserv, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: 
 Fair market value adjustment on derivatives ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges included in cost of processing and services ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses on cash flow hedges included in net interest expense Tax impacts of derivatives ) ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on defined benefit pension plans (see Note 1) 
 ) Tax impacts of defined benefit pension plans ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for accumulated foreign currency translation impacts from the sale of foreign entities included in net gain on sale of businesses and other assets Tax impacts of foreign currency translation ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) Comprehensive income Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Less: other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Fiserv, Inc. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Fiserv, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Settlement assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Customer relationships, net Other intangible assets, net Goodwill Contract costs, net Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Accounts payable and other current liabilities Short-term and current maturities of long-term debt Contract liabilities Settlement obligations Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Long-term contract liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 18) 
 Fiserv, Inc. Shareholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value: million shares authorized; issued 
 Common stock, par value: million shares authorized; million shares issued 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost, million and million shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total Fiserv, Inc. shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Fiserv, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and other amortization Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets Amortization of financing costs and debt discounts Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Net gain on sale of businesses and other assets ) Loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates Non-cash impairment charges Other operating activities ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions and dispositions: Trade accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Contract costs ) ) Accounts payable and other liabilities ) Contract liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures, including capitalized software and other intangibles ) ) Net proceeds from sale of businesses and other assets Merchant cash advances, net 
 ) Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates Purchases of investments ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments Other investing activities ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Debt proceeds Debt repayments ) ) Net borrowings from (repayments of) commercial paper and short-term borrowings ) Payments of debt financing costs ) ) Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock Purchases of treasury stock, including employee shares withheld for tax obligations ) ) Settlement activity, net ) Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) Payment to acquire noncontrolling interest of consolidated subsidiary 
 ) Payments of acquisition-related contingent consideration ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balance Cash and cash equivalents, ending balance 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Fiserv, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and cash equivalents included in settlement assets 
 Other restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 
 Other prepaid expenses Total prepaid expenses (1) 
 Income tax receivables (2) 
 Clover Capital cash advances, net 
 Settlement advance cash payments 
 Other current assets Total other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 (1) Prepaid expenses represent advance payments for goods and services to be consumed in the future. 
 (2) Includes receivables associated with transferable federal tax credits (see Note 15). 
 Future credit card receivables purchased by the Company under the Clover Capital program were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company maintained a reserve of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, based on an estimate of uncollectible amounts. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The allowance includes estimated losses from anticipated chargebacks and fraud events that have been incurred on merchants payment transactions that have been processed but not yet reported to the Company, which is recorded within accounts payable and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, as well as estimated losses on refunded amounts to cardholders that have not yet been collected from the merchants, which is recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The allowance is based primarily on the Company s historical experience of credit losses and other factors such as changes in economic conditions or increases in merchant fraud. The aggregate merchant credit loss allowance was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 In connection with the Segment Realignment, the Company performed an interim goodwill impairment assessment in the first quarter of 2024 for the impacted reporting units, and determined that its goodwill was not impaired based on an assessment of various qualitative factors. Examples of qualitative factors that the Company assesses include its share price, its financial performance, market and competitive factors in its industry and other events specific to its reporting units. There is accumulated goodwill impairment for the Company through September 30, 2024. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included within other expense, net in the consolidated statements of income. 
 To reduce exposure to changes in the value of the Company s net investments in certain of its foreign currency-denominated subsidiaries due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the Company uses fixed-to-fixed cross-currency rate swap contracts and foreign currency-denominated debt as economic hedges of its net investments in such foreign currency-denominated subsidiaries. Foreign currency transaction gains or losses on the qualifying net investment hedge instruments are recorded as foreign currency translation, net of tax, within other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income and will remain in accumulated other comprehensive loss within the consolidated balance sheets until the sale or complete liquidation of the underlying foreign currency-denominated subsidiaries. 
 million recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss within the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Upon the settlement of the terminated plans, which is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company will fund an estimated plan termination liability shortfall for the U.S. defined benefit pension plans of million and expects to recognize a net non-cash pre-tax pension settlement charge for the terminated U.S. and U.K. plans of approximately million, which also includes the recognition of remaining net actuarial unrecognized losses recorded within accumulated other comprehensive loss. The amount of accrued vested benefits to be received by participants will not be impacted. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) ) Interest income 
 Interest expense, net 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 2. 
 
 3. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 of total revenue for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and and of total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Enterprise Processing Total Merchant segment revenue 
 Digital Payments 
 Issuing 
 Banking 
 Total Financial segment revenue 
 Corporate and Other Total Revenue 
 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract liabilities 
 The Company recognized million of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that was included in the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of the period. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 4. 
 million. The purchase price allocations for the Skytef and Sled acquisitions were finalized in the first quarter of 2024, and measurement period adjustments did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated statement of income. 
 Dispositions 
 On July 25, 2023, the Company sold its financial reconciliation business, which was reported within the Financial segment, for cash proceeds of million. The Company recognized a pre-tax gain of million on the sale, recorded within net gain on sale of businesses and other assets, with a related tax expense of million recorded within the income tax provision, in the consolidated statement of income during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The pre-tax gain was comprised of the difference between the consideration received and the net carrying amount of the business, including million of allocated goodwill and million of other net assets, primarily consisting of trade accounts receivable and capitalized software. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Acquired software and technology Trade names Purchased software Capitalized software and other intangibles Total December 31, 2023 Customer relationships Acquired software and technology Trade names Purchased software Capitalized software and other intangibles Total 
 Amortization expense associated with the above identifiable intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and billion and billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 6. 
 ownership interest in the Wells Fargo Merchant Services merchant alliance WFMS ), which is accounted for as an equity method investment. The Company acquired its ownership, at fair value, in WFMS through its 2019 acquisition of First Data Corporation. In the third quarter of 2024, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo provided the Company a notice of non-renewal for WFMS. Upon expiration of the merchant alliance, effective April 1, 2025, the Company expects to receive a cash payment or assets equal to the fair value of its share of WFMS, as determined in accordance with an agreed upon contractual valuation and separation process. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 million non-cash impairment as a result of an other-than-temporary decline in the carrying value of its equity method investment in WFMS within loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates and the related tax benefit within the income tax provision in the consolidated statement of income in the third quarter of 2024. The impairment was based on the Company s estimate of the fair value of its portion of WFMS, and is subject to further adjustments upon completion of the valuation process agreed to by the Company and Wells Fargo and additional information received throughout the final valuation process. The Company s estimated fair value of WFMS was determined using an income valuation approach, which required estimates of the discount and tax rates; future expected net cash flows, including customer growth and attrition rates, and indirect expenses of WFMS; and other future events that are judgmental in nature, reflecting the risks inherent in future cash flows. The fair value measurements were primarily based on significant inputs that were not observable in the market and thus represented a Level 3 measurement of the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements . 
 The Company s investment in its merchant alliances was billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is reported within investments in unconsolidated affiliates in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Other Equity Investments 
 The Company also maintains investments, over which it does not have significant influence, in various equity securities without a readily determinable fair value. Such investments totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are primarily included within other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company reviews these investments each reporting period to determine whether an impairment or observable price change for the investment has occurred. To the extent such events or changes occur, the Company evaluates the fair value compared to its cost basis in the investment. Gains or losses from a sale of these investments or a change in fair value are included within other expense, net in the consolidated statements of income for the period. Adjustments made to the values recorded for certain equity securities and net gains from sales of equity securities were million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and were significant during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 7. 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Based on the amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss at September 30, 2024, the Company estimates that it will recognize gains of approximately million in cost of processing and services during the next twelve months as foreign exchange forward contracts settle. 
 The Company previously entered into treasury lock agreements Treasury Locks ), designated as cash flow hedges to manage exposure to fluctuations in benchmark interest rates in anticipation of the issuance of fixed rate debt in connection with the acquisition and refinancing of certain indebtedness of First Data Corporation and its subsidiaries. In 2019, concurrent with the issuance of U.S dollar-denominated senior notes, the Treasury Locks were settled resulting in a loss, net of income taxes, and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss that is being amortized to earnings over the terms of the originally forecast interest payments. The unamortized balance recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the Treasury Locks was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Based on the amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss at September 30, 2024, the Company estimates that it will recognize approximately million in net interest expense during the next twelve months related to settled interest rate hedge contracts. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 To reduce exposure to changes in the value of the Company s net investments in certain of its foreign currency-denominated subsidiaries due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the Company uses fixed-to-fixed cross-currency rate swap contracts and foreign currency-denominated debt as economic hedges of its net investments in such foreign currency-denominated subsidiaries. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Singapore Dollars 
 Canadian Dollars 
 These fixed-to-fixed cross-currency rate swaps have been designated as net investment hedges to hedge a portion of the Company s net investment in certain subsidiaries whose functional currencies are the Euro, Singapore Dollar, and Canadian Dollar. The Company has also designated certain of its Euro- and British Pound-denominated senior notes and Euro commercial paper notes as net investment hedges to hedge a portion of its net investment in certain subsidiaries whose functional currencies are the Euro and the British Pound. 
 Foreign currency transaction gains or losses on the qualifying net investment hedge instruments are recorded as foreign currency translation within other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income and will remain in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheets until the sale or complete liquidation of the underlying foreign currency-denominated subsidiaries.) ) ) Foreign currency-denominated debt 
 ) ) 
 The Company recorded income tax impacts of million and ) million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and ) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in other comprehensive income (loss) from the translation of foreign currency-denominated senior notes, Euro commercial paper notes and cross-currency rate swap contracts. 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 The Company maintains fixed-to-fixed cross-currency rate swap contracts, designated as fair value hedges, to mitigate the spot foreign exchange rate risk on the principal amount of its British Pound-denominated senior notes due in July 2025, as well as on the principal amount of a Euro-denominated intercompany note. 
 Euros 
 
 Net changes in the fair value of the cross-currency rate swaps million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024), along with the offsetting changes in the fair value of the hedged notes, attributable to fluctuations in the respective foreign currency spot rates are recognized in other expense, net within the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 8. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Cross-currency rate swap contract designated as fair value hedge Prepaid expenses and other current assets Level 2 Cross-currency rate swap contract designated as fair value hedge Other long-term assets Level 2 Liabilities Cross-currency rate swap contracts designated as fair value hedges Accounts payable and other current liabilities Level 2 Cross-currency rate swap contracts designated as net investment hedges Accounts payable and other current liabilities Level 2 Cross-currency rate swap contracts designated as fair value hedges Other long-term liabilities Level 2 Cross-currency rate swap contracts designated as net investment hedges Other long-term liabilities Level 2 Contingent consideration Accounts payable and other current liabilities Level 3 Obligation to purchase redeemable noncontrolling interest Accounts payable and other current liabilities Level 3 
 Contingent debt guarantee Other long-term liabilities Level 3 
 Debt 
 The Company s senior notes are recorded at amortized cost but measured at fair value for disclosure purposes. The estimated fair value of senior notes was based on matrix pricing which considers readily observable inputs of comparable securities (Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy). The carrying value of the Company s foreign lines of credit, commercial paper notes and revolving credit facility borrowings approximates fair value as these instruments have variable interest rates and the Company has not experienced any change to its credit ratings (Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy). The estimated fair value of total debt, excluding finance leases and other financing obligations, was billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and the carrying value was billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Debt Guarantee Arrangements 
 The Company maintains noncontrolling ownership interests in Sagent M C, LLC and defi SOLUTIONS Group, LLC (collectively the Lending Joint Ventures ), which are accounted for under the equity method. The Lending Joint Ventures maintain variable-rate term loan facilities with aggregate outstanding borrowings of million in senior unsecured debt at September 30, 2024 and variable-rate revolving credit facilities with an aggregate borrowing capacity of million with a syndicate of banks, which mature in April 2027. There were million of aggregate outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facilities at September 30, 2024. The Company has guaranteed the debt of the Lending Joint Ventures. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million associated with the debt of the Lending Joint Ventures and is entitled to receive a defined fee in exchange for its guarantee of this indebtedness. The Company has not made any payments under the guarantees, nor has it been called upon to do so, and does not anticipate that the Lending Joint Ventures will fail to fulfill their debt obligations. 
 The non-contingent component of the Company s debt guarantee arrangements is recorded at amortized cost, but measured at fair value for disclosure purposes. The carrying value of the Company s non-contingent liability of million and million approximates the fair value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy). Such guarantees will be amortized in future periods over the contractual term of the debt. The contingent component of the Company s debt guarantee arrangements represents the current expected credit losses to which the Company is exposed. The amount of the liability, as reflected within the table above, is estimated based on certain financial metrics of the Lending Joint Ventures and historical industry data, which is used to develop assumptions of the likelihood the guaranteed parties will default and the level of credit losses in the event a default occurs. The Company recognized million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, within other expense, net in its consolidated statements of income related to its release from risk under the non-contingent guarantees as well as a change in the provision of estimated credit losses associated with the indebtedness of the Lending Joint Ventures. 
 Other Non-Financial Assets 

9. 
 Client deposits Transferable federal tax credits (see Note 15) 
 Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued taxes Accrued interest Accrued payment network fees Operating lease liabilities Accrued professional fees Obligation to purchase redeemable noncontrolling interest (see Note 11) 
 Other accrued expenses Total 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Finance lease and other financing obligations Total short-term and current maturities of long-term debt Long-term debt: senior notes due July 2024 
 senior notes due June 2025 
 senior notes due July 2025 (British Pound-denominated) 
 senior notes due July 2026 
 senior notes due March 2027 
 senior notes due June 2027 
 senior notes due July 2027 (Euro-denominated) 
 senior notes due March 2028 
 senior notes due August 2028 
 senior notes due October 2028 
 senior notes due July 2029 
 senior notes due March 2030 
 senior notes due June 2030 
 senior notes due July 2030 (Euro-denominated) 
 senior notes due March 2031 
 senior notes due May 2031 (Euro-denominated) 
 senior notes due July 2031 (British Pound-denominated) 
 senior notes due March 2033 
 senior notes due August 2033 
 senior notes due March 2034 
 senior notes due August 2034 
 senior notes due July 2049 
 U.S. dollar commercial paper notes Euro commercial paper notes Revolving credit facility Unamortized discount and deferred financing costs ) ) Finance lease and other financing obligations Total long-term debt 
 The Company was in compliance with all financial debt covenants during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Senior Notes 
 On August 12, 2024, the Company completed the public offering and issuance of billion of senior notes, comprised of million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due in March 2030 and million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due in August 2034. Interest on these senior notes is paid semi-annually. The Company used the net proceeds from this senior notes offering for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of a portion of the Company s commercial paper notes and for share repurchases. 
 On March 4, 2024, the Company completed the public offering and issuance of billion of senior notes, comprised of million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due in March 2027, million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due in March 2031 and million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due in March 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 senior notes. 
 At September 30, 2024, the senior notes due in June 2025 and senior notes due in July 2025 were classified in the consolidated balance sheet as long-term, as the Company has the intent to refinance this debt on a long-term basis, and the ability to do so under its revolving credit facility. 
 The indentures governing these senior notes contain covenants that, among other matters, limit (i) the Company s ability to consolidate or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to, another person, (ii) the Company s and certain of its subsidiaries ability to create or assume liens, and (iii) the Company s and certain of its subsidiaries ability to engage in sale and leaseback transactions. The Company may, at its option, redeem these senior notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at the applicable redemption price. 
 Commercial Paper 
 The Company maintains unsecured U.S. dollar and Euro commercial paper programs. From time to time, the Company may issue under these programs U.S. dollar commercial paper with maturities of up to days from the date of issuance and Euro commercial paper with maturities of up to days from the date of issuance. Outstanding borrowings under the U.S. dollar program were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, with weighted average interest rates of and , respectively. Outstanding borrowings under the Euro program were billion at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, with weighted average interest rates of and , respectively. The Company intends to maintain available capacity under its revolving credit facility, as described below, in an amount at least equal to the aggregate outstanding borrowings under its commercial paper programs. Outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper programs are classified in the consolidated balance sheets as long-term as the Company has the intent to refinance this commercial paper on a long-term basis through the continued issuance of new commercial paper upon maturity, and the Company also has the ability to refinance such commercial paper under its revolving credit facility. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 The Company maintains a senior unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facility, which matures in June 2027 and provides for a maximum aggregate principal amount of availability of billion. Borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at a variable base rate, determined by the term and currency of the borrowing, plus a specified margin based on the Company s long-term debt rating. Outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, with corresponding interest rates of and , respectively. The credit facility also requires the Company to pay a facility fee based on the aggregate commitments in effect under the agreement from time to time. The credit facility contains various restrictions and covenants that require the Company to, among other things, limit its consolidated indebtedness as of the end of each fiscal quarter to no more than times the Company s consolidated net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, non-cash charges and expenses and certain other adjustments during the period of four fiscal quarters then ended, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 Foreign Lines of Credit 
 The Company maintains various short-term lines of credit and other borrowing arrangements with foreign banks and alliance partners primarily to fund merchant settlement advances associated with operations in Latin America, including an annually renewable term loan facility to fund settlement advance cash payments in Brazil. This term loan has a notional value of million Brazilian real million USD equivalent) at September 30, 2024 and bears interest at a variable Certificado de Dep sito Interbanc rio (CDI) Rate, plus a specified margin per annum. In February 2024, this term loan facility was amended, which amendment extended its maturity date to April 2025 and decreased the specified margin to per annum. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Brazil 
 Uruguay 
 Other 
 Total 

11. 
 of the Company s existing merchant alliance joint ventures maintained a redeemable noncontrolling interest which was presented outside of equity and carried at its estimated redemption value. The minority partner was entitled to a contractually determined share of the entity s income, and the joint venture agreement contained redemption features whereby the interest held by the minority partner was redeemable either (i) at the option of the holder or (ii) upon the occurrence of an event that is not solely within the Company s control. 
 Effective June 2024, the Company and the merchant alliance joint venture minority partner mutually agreed to terminate the joint venture agreement on September 1, 2024. Under the provisions of the separation agreement, the Company redeemed the minority partner s membership interest in exchange for a future distribution of certain merchant contracts. The redeemable noncontrolling interest was adjusted to reflect the estimated redemption value, with a corresponding adjustment recorded to additional paid-in capital (see Notes 8 and 12). Additionally, as the redeemable noncontrolling interest is now mandatorily redeemable, the Company s obligation to satisfy the purchase of the interest has been reclassified as a current liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet (see Note 9). The Company maintains an ongoing relationship with the former minority partner to provide processing and other support services following the termination of the joint venture agreement. 
 Distributions paid to redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) Share of income Adjustment to estimated redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Reclassification to current liability 
 ) Balance at end of period 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation Shares issued under stock plans ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 Fiserv, Inc. Shareholders Equity Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Number of Shares Amount (In millions) Common Shares Treasury Shares 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Equity Noncontrolling Interests Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income (1) 
 Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests (2) 
 ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest of consolidated subsidiary (3) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation Shares issued under stock plans 
 ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (1) The total net income presented in equity for the three months ended September 30, 2023 is different than the amount presented in the consolidated statement of income due to the net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest of million not included in equity. 
 (2) The total distributions presented in equity for the three months ended September 30, 2023 excludes million in distributions paid to redeemable noncontrolling interest not included in equity. 
 (3) The Company acquired the remaining ownership interest in European Merchant Services B.V., a Netherlands-based merchant acceptance business, during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company previously held a majority controlling financial interest in this consolidated subsidiary. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Net income (1) 
 Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests (2) 
 ) ) Change in estimated redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest (see Note 11) 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Share-based compensation Shares issued under stock plans 
 ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 (1) The total net income presented in equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is different than the amount presented in the consolidated statement of income due to the net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest of million not included in equity. 
 (2) The total distributions presented in equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 excludes million in distributions paid to redeemable noncontrolling interest not included in equity. 
 Fiserv, Inc. Shareholders Equity Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Number of Shares Amount (In millions) Common Shares Treasury Shares 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Equity Noncontrolling Interests Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income (1) 
 Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests (2) 
 ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest of consolidated subsidiary (3) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Share-based compensation Shares issued under stock plans 
 ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (1) The total net income presented in equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is different than the amount presented in the consolidated statement of income due to the net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest of million not included in equity. 
 (2) The total distributions presented in equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 excludes million in distributions paid to redeemable noncontrolling interest not included in equity. 
 (3) The Company acquired the remaining ownership interest in European Merchant Services B.V., a Netherlands-based merchant acceptance business, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company previously held a majority controlling financial interest in this consolidated subsidiary. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 13.) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications (see Note 1) ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 14. 
 million and million of share-based compensation expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million of share-based compensation expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s share-based compensation awards are typically granted in the first quarter of the year, and may also occur throughout the year in conjunction with acquisitions of businesses. At September 30, 2024, the total remaining unrecognized compensation cost for restricted stock units and awards, performance share units, and unvested stock options, net of estimated forfeitures, of million is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited ) ) Vested ) ) Units and awards - September 30, 2024 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Exercised ) Stock options outstanding - September 30, 2024 Stock options exercisable - September 30, 2024 
 
 15. 
 Effective income tax rate 
 The income tax provision as a percentage of income before income taxes and loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes and loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a deferred tax benefit of million recorded within the income tax provision associated with a non-cash impairment charge of million recorded within loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates. 
 Pursuant to provisions under the Inflation Reduction Act, the Company has purchased transferable federal tax credits from various counterparties. Such federal tax credits were purchased at negotiated discounts, resulting in an income tax benefit. Receivables associated with transferable federal tax credits are recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets, and amounts owed to counterparties for the purchased credits are recorded within accounts payable and other current liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 The Company s potential liability for unrecognized tax benefits before interest and penalties was approximately million at September 30, 2024. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that the liability for unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by up to million over the next twelve months as a result of possible closure of tax audits, audit settlements, and the lapse of the statutes of limitations in various jurisdictions. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s U.S. federal income tax return for 2023, and tax returns in certain states and foreign jurisdictions for 2017 through 2023, remain subject to examination by taxing authorities. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 Common stock equivalents Weighted-average common shares outstanding used for the calculation of net income attributable to Fiserv, Inc. per share - diluted 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, stock options for and shares, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of weighted-average outstanding shares - diluted because their impact was anti-dilutive. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, stock options excluded from the calculation of weighted-average outstanding shares - diluted were not significant. 
 
 17. 
 Net income taxes paid 
 Treasury stock purchases settled after the balance sheet date Software obtained under financing arrangements Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities - operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities - finance leases 
 
 18. 
 million and million a t September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to its various legal proceedings, primarily associated with the Company s merchant acquiring business and certain tax matters. The Company s estimate of the possible range of exposure for various legal proceedings in excess of amounts accrued is million to approximately million. In the opinion of management, the liabilities, if any, which may ultimately result from such legal proceedings are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Electronic Payments Transactions 
 In connection with the Company s processing of electronic payments transactions, which are separate and distinct from the settlement payment transactions described in Note 1, funds received from subscribers are invested from the time the Company collects the funds until payments are made to the applicable recipients. These subscriber funds are invested in short-term, highly liquid investments. Subscriber funds, which are not included in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, can fluctuate significantly based on consumer bill payment and debit card activity and totaled million and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Indemnifications and Warranties 
 The Company may indemnify its clients from certain costs resulting from claims of patent, copyright or trademark infringement associated with its clients use of the Company s products or services. The Company may also warrant to clients that its products and services will operate in accordance with identified specifications. From time to time, in connection with sales of businesses, the Company agrees to indemnify the buyers of such businesses for liabilities associated with the businesses that are 
 24 

Table of Contents 

19. 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No directors or officers of the Company have ownership interests in any of the alliances. The formation of each of these alliances generally involves the Company and the financial institution contributing contracts with merchants to the alliance and a cash payment from one owner to the other to achieve the desired ownership percentage for each. The Company and the financial institution enter into a long-term processing service agreement, which governs the Company s provision of transaction processing services to the alliance. The Company had approximately million and million of amounts due from unconsolidated merchant alliances included within trade accounts receivable, net in the Company s consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Share Repurchase 
 On August 7, 2023, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with ValueAct Capital Master Fund, L.P., an affiliate of which employed a member of the Company s board of directors, to repurchase million shares of the Company s common stock for per share in a privately negotiated transaction for an aggregate purchase price of million. The repurchase was effected pursuant to an existing repurchase authorization for up to million shares of the Company s common stock approved by the Company s board of directors on February 22, 2023. The share repurchase was completed on August 8, 2023, and the fair value of the repurchased shares of Company common stock was recorded to treasury stock during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 20. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Product revenue Total revenue Operating income (loss) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Processing and services revenue Product revenue Total revenue Operating income (loss) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Processing and services revenue Product revenue Total revenue Operating income (loss) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Processing and services revenue Product revenue Total revenue Operating income (loss) ) 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include those that express a plan, belief, expectation, estimation, anticipation, intent, contingency, future development, outlook, or similar expression, and can generally be identified as forward-looking because they include words such as believes, anticipates, expects, could, should, confident, likely, plan, or words of similar meaning. Statements that describe our future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements in this report involve significant risks and uncertainties, and a number of factors, both foreseen and unforeseen, could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. The factors that may affect our results include, among others, the following: our ability to compete effectively against new and existing competitors and to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis; changes in customer demand for our products and services; the ability of our technology to keep pace with a rapidly evolving marketplace; the success of our merchant alliances, some of which we do not control; the impact of a security breach or operational failure in our business, including disruptions caused by other participants in the global financial system; losses due to chargebacks, refunds or returns as a result of fraud or the failure of our vendors and merchants to satisfy their obligations; changes in local, regional, national and international economic or political conditions, including those resulting from heightened inflation, rising interest rates, a recession, bank failures, or intensified international hostilities, and the impact they may have on us and our employees, clients, vendors, supply chain, operations and sales; the effect of proposed and enacted legislative and regulatory actions affecting us or the financial services industry as a whole; our ability to comply with government regulations and applicable card association and network rules; the protection and validity of intellectual property rights; the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings; our ability to successfully identify, complete and integrate acquisitions, and to realize the anticipated benefits associated with the same; the impact of our strategic initiatives; our ability to attract and retain key personnel; volatility and disruptions in financial markets that may impact our ability to access preferred sources of financing and the terms on which we are able to obtain financing or increase our costs of borrowing; adverse impacts from currency exchange rates or currency controls; changes in corporate tax and interest rates; and other factors identified in "Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in other documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available at http://www.sec.gov. You should consider these factors carefully in evaluating forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report. 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to our unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, the changes in our financial condition and our results of operations. Our discussion is organized as follows: 
 Overview. This section contains background information on our company and the products and services that we provide, acquisitions and dispositions, and the trends affecting our industry in order to provide context for management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in critical accounting policies and estimates. This section contains a discussion of changes since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 in the accounting policies that we believe are important to our financial condition and results of operations and that require judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. 
 Results of operations. This section contains an analysis of our results of operations presented in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of income by comparing the results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the comparable periods in 2023. 
 Liquidity and capital resources. This section provides an analysis of our cash flows and a discussion of our outstanding debt at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Company Background 
 We are a leading global provider of payments and financial services technology solutions. We serve clients around the globe, including merchants, banks, credit unions, other financial institutions, corporate and public sector clients. We help clients 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 achieve best-in-class results through a commitment to innovation and excellence in areas including account processing and digital banking solutions; card issuer processing and network services; payments; e-commerce; merchant acquiring and processing; and the Clover cloud-based point-of-sale POS and business management platform. Most of the products and services we provide are necessary for our clients to operate their businesses and are therefore non-discretionary in nature. We serve our global client base by working among our geographic teams across various regions, including the United States of America U.S. and Canada; Europe, Middle East and Africa; Latin America; and Asia Pacific. 
 We aspire to move money and information in a way that moves the world. Our purpose is to deliver superior value for our clients through leading technology, targeted innovation and excellence in everything we do. We are focused on driving growth and creating value by assembling a high-performing and diverse team, integrating our solutions, delivering operational excellence, allocating capital in a disciplined manner, including share repurchase and merger and acquisition activity, and delivering breakthrough innovation. Our long-term focus is to meet our financial commitments; continue to build high-quality revenue; deepen client relationships with an emphasis on digital solutions and value-added services; deliver innovation and integration enabling differentiated value for our clients; and generate integration value, including cost and revenue synergies from acquisitions. 
 Effective in the first quarter of 2024, we realigned our reportable segments to correspond with changes in our business designed to further enhance operational performance in the delivery of our integrated portfolio of products and solutions to our financial institution clients (the Segment Realignment ). Our new reportable segments are the Merchant Solutions Merchant segment and the Financial Solutions Financial segment. Segment results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 have been recast to reflect the Segment Realignment. 
 The businesses in the Merchant segment provide commerce-enabling products and services to companies of all sizes around the world. These products and services include merchant acquiring and digital commerce services; mobile payment services; security and fraud protection solutions; stored-value solutions; and pay-by-bank solutions. The businesses within the Merchant segment consist of the following: 
 Small Business provides products and services to small businesses and independent software vendors, including Clover , our point-of-sale integrated commerce operating system for small business clients 
 Enterprise provides products and services to large businesses, including Carat SM , our integrated commerce operating system for enterprise clients 
 Processing provides products and services to financial institutions, joint ventures, and other third party resellers which have direct relationships with merchants 
 We distribute the products and services in the Merchant segment businesses through a variety of channels, including direct sales teams, strategic partnerships with agent sales forces, independent software vendors ISV ), financial institutions and other strategic partners in the form of joint venture alliances, revenue sharing alliances and referral agreements. 
 The businesses in the Financial segment provide products and services to financial institution, corporate and public sector clients across the world, enabling the processing of customer loan and deposit accounts, digital payments and card transactions. The businesses within the Financial segment consist of the following: 
 Digital Payments provides debit card processing services; debit network services; security and fraud protection products; bill payment; person-to-person payments; and account-to-account transfers 
 Issuing provides credit card processing services; prepaid card processing services; card production services; print services; government payment processing; and student loan processing 
 Banking provides customer loan and deposit account processing; digital banking; financial and risk management; professional services and consulting; and check processing 
 Corporate and Other supports the reportable segments described above, and consists of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, unallocated corporate expenses and other activities that are not considered when we evaluate segment performance, such as gains or losses on sales of businesses, certain assets or investments; costs associated with acquisition and divestiture activity; certain services revenue associated with various dispositions; and postage reimbursements. 
 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 We frequently review our businesses to ensure we have the necessary assets to execute our strategy. We expect to acquire businesses when we identify: a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service or technology that helps meet client demand; a way to achieve business scale that enables competition and operational efficiency; or similar considerations. We expect to divest businesses that are not in line with our market, product or financial strategies. The results of operations for the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 following acquired and divested businesses are included in our consolidated results from the respective dates of acquisition and through the respective dates of disposition. 
 Acquisitions of Businesses 
 On October 9, 2023, we acquired Skytef Soluc es em Captura de Transa es Ltda Skytef ), a distributor for ISV partners and merchants of our Electronic Funds Transfer payments software. Skytef is included within the Merchant segment and expands our distribution network and POS applications. On November 1, 2023, we acquired Sled S.A. Sled ), a provider of instant payment solutions. Sled is included within the Merchant segment and expands our direct payment service capabilities. We acquired these businesses in Latin America for an aggregate purchase price, including hold-backs, of 17 million. 
 Dispositions of Businesses 
 On July 25, 2023, we sold our financial reconciliation business, which was reported within the Financial segment, for cash proceeds of 232 million, subject to final net working capital adjustments. We recognized a pre-tax gain of 177 million on the sale during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other Transactions 
 In the third quarter of 2024, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo provided us a notice of non-renewal for the Wells Fargo Merchant Services merchant alliance WFMS ), which is accounted for as an equity method investment. Upon expiration of the merchant alliance, effective April 1, 2025, we expect to receive a cash payment or assets equal to the fair value of our 40 ownership interest of WFMS, as determined in accordance with an agreed upon contractual valuation and separation process. We recorded a 570 million non-cash impairment as a result of an other-than-temporary decline in the carrying value of our equity method investment in WFMS during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The impairment was based on our estimate of the fair value of WFMS and is subject to further adjustments upon completion of the final valuation process. In connection with the expiration of WFMS, we entered into a multi-year agreement with Wells Fargo to provide processing for current and future merchant clients as well as other services to Wells Fargo s merchant business. 
 On September 25, 2023, we acquired the remaining 49 ownership interest in European Merchant Services B.V., a Netherlands-based merchant acceptance business, for 56 million. We previously held a majority controlling financial interest in this subsidiary, which continues to be consolidated and reported within the Merchant segment. 
 
 Industry Trends 
 The global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce and real-time payments infrastructure. Because of this growth, competition also continues to intensify. Business and consumer expectations continue to rise, with a focus on speed, convenience, choice and security. To meet these expectations, payments companies are focused on modernizing their technology, expanding the use of data and enhancing the customer experience. 
 Merchants 
 The rapid growth in and globalization of mobile and e-commerce, driven by consumers desire for simpler, more efficient shopping experiences, has created an opportunity for merchants to reach consumers nearly anywhere, through any device, which often requires a merchant acquiring provider to enable and optimize the acceptance of payments. Merchants are demanding simpler, integrated and flexible systems to enable them to serve customers and help manage cash flow and everyday business operations. When combined with the ever-increasing ways a consumer can pay for goods and services, merchants have sought modern end-to-end solutions throughout their growth lifecycle to streamline the complexity. Furthermore, merchants can now search, discover, compare, purchase and even install a new system through direct, digital-only experiences. This direct, digital-only channel is a source of new merchant acquisition opportunities, especially with respect to smaller merchants. 
 Additionally, there are numerous software-as-a-service solution providers in the industry, many of which have chosen to integrate merchant acquiring into their software as a way to generate revenue from existing client relationships. Such providers are independent software vendors, typically referred to as ISVs, and we believe there are numerous potential distribution partnership opportunities to cross-sell multiple value-added solutions available to us. 
 We believe that our merchant acquiring products and solutions create compelling value propositions for merchant clients of all sizes, from small and mid-sized businesses to medium-sized regional businesses to global enterprise merchants. The depth and breadth of our omnichannel solutions, and flexibility to serve clients across various channels and geographies, drives higher product attach rates with new and existing clients across all verticals. Furthermore, we believe that our strength in distribution, 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 our progress growing software and services, and our value-based pricing as we continue to invest in our operating systems, gives us a solid foundation for growth. 
 Financial Institutions 
 Financial services providers regularly introduce and implement new payment, deposit, risk management, lending and investment products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. At the same time, the evolving global regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has continued to create a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. These conditions are driving heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate revenue, comply with regulations and enhance operating efficiency. In addition, the focus on the customer experience, including through mobile and online engagement, by both financial institutions and their customers, as well as the growing volume and types of payment transactions in the marketplace, continues to elevate the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions. 
 Financial institutions must be able to serve their customers with tailored solutions, delivered how and when those customers want. In addition, financial institutions are striving for this single, integrated view of a customer s activity. This requires financial institutions to not only process customer transactions, but to integrate financial institutions products and services to give customers easy access to integrated solutions. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. We have invested in integrating our platforms and value-added solutions to make it easy for a client to buy across our full product suite. 
 We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environmental shift from traditional to digital banking. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments, and we anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including a unified, seamless customer experience across mobile and online channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. 
 Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. Rather than reducing the overall market, these consolidations transfer accounts among financial institutions. If a client loss occurs due to merger or acquisition, we typically receive a contract termination fee based on the size of the client and how early in the contract term the contract is terminated. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our value-added software and services-led model, and our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. 
 Recent Market Conditions 
 Global macroeconomic conditions, including changing interest rates, inflation, disruptions in the global supply chain, changes in consumer spending, the effects of international hostilities, political conditions, and regulations restricting trade or impacting our ability to offer products or services, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Personal consumption and consumer savings growth in the U.S. may also negatively impact our business and financial results. We actively monitor and manage our business in response to these unpredictable geopolitical and market conditions, as they may adversely impact our operations and financial results. 
 In addition, our operating results in certain foreign countries in which we operate may be adversely impacted by fluctuations in exchange rates for currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including the Euro, British Pound Sterling and Argentine Peso. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against certain foreign currencies in countries in which we operate would negatively impact our revenue and earnings. We also have exposure to risks related to currency devaluation in certain countries, which may negatively impact our international operating results if there is a prolonged devaluation of local currencies relative to the U.S. dollar or if the economic conditions in these countries decline. While the majority of our revenue is earned domestically, we actively monitor the foreign exchange rate environment and may enter into derivative instruments and utilize other non-derivative hedging instruments with creditworthy institutions in an effort to manage these risks. 
 The operations of our Argentina subsidiary are experiencing higher interest rates and inflation as compared to historical averages. The anticipated benefits of higher transitory revenue from above-average interest and inflation may be offset in whole or in part by, or may be less than, foreign currency exchange losses related to a significant devaluation of the Argentine Peso. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. In our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, we identified our critical accounting policies and estimates. We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements, including for recently adopted accounting pronouncements, and base our estimates on historical experience and assumptions that we believe are reasonable in light of current circumstances. Actual amounts and results could differ materially from these estimates. For example, we estimate the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with acquisitions of businesses and may record purchase accounting adjustments during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date. Additionally, we review the carrying value of goodwill for impairment by comparing the estimated fair values of our reporting units to their carrying values. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves judgement and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding the revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate estimated future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, and future economic and market conditions. 
 In addition to the critical accounting policies and estimates included as Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2024, the following additional critical accounting policy and estimate has become material to us since the filing of our Form 10-K. 
 Equity Method Investments 
 We review our investments in various affiliates that are accounted for as equity method investments for indications of an other- than-temporary decline in value whenever events or changes in circumstances may indicate that the carrying amount of the investment may not be recoverable. A series of operating losses of an investee or other factors, such as a shift in strategic initiatives or a significant change in a merchant alliance business relationship, may indicate that a decrease in value of the investment has occurred that is other-than-temporary. A decline in value of an equity method investment determined to be other-than-temporary is recorded as a current-period impairment charge. Measurement of an impairment loss is based upon a comparison of the carrying amount of the investment to its estimated fair value. 
 Determining the fair value of an equity method investment involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding customer growth and attrition rates and operating margins used to calculate estimated future cash flows; risk-adjusted discount rates; and other future economic and market conditions. During the third quarter of 2024, we determined that one of our equity method investments experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value and therefore recorded a pretax non-cash impairment charge of 570 million. Additional information regarding our equity method investments is included in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table presents certain amounts included in our consolidated statements of income, the relative percentage that those amounts represent to revenue and the change in those amounts from year to year. This information should be read together with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The unaudited financial results presented below have been affected by acquisitions, dispositions, non-cash impairment charges, and foreign currency fluctuations. Segment results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 have been recast to reflect the Segment Realignment. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Percentage of 
 Revenue (1) 
 Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2024 2023 Revenue: Processing and services 4,237 4,008 81.2 82.2 229 6 Product 978 865 18.8 17.8 113 13 Total revenue 5,215 4,873 100.0 100.0 342 7 Expenses: Cost of processing and services 1,346 1,311 31.8 32.7 35 3 Cost of product 661 583 67.6 67.4 78 13 Sub-total 2,007 1,894 38.5 38.9 113 6 Selling, general and administrative 1,606 1,652 30.8 33.9 (46) (3) Net gain on sale of businesses and other assets (176) (3.6) 176 n/m Total expenses 3,613 3,370 69.3 69.2 243 7 Operating income 1,602 1,503 30.7 30.8 99 7 Interest expense, net (326) (258) (6.3) (5.3) 68 26 Other expense, net (5) (35) (0.1) (0.7) (30) (86) Income before income taxes and loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates 1,271 1,210 24.4 24.8 61 5 Income tax provision (74) (239) (1.4) (4.9) (165) (69) Loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates (626) (2) (12.0) 624 n/m Net income 571 969 10.9 19.9 (398) (41) Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest 7 17 0.1 0.3 (10) (59) Net income attributable to Fiserv, Inc. 564 952 10.8 19.5 (388) (41) 
 (1) Percentage of revenue is calculated as the relevant revenue, expense or income amount divided by total revenue, except for cost of processing and services and cost of product amounts, which are divided by the related component of revenue. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Percentage of 
 Revenue (1) 
 Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2024 2023 Revenue: Processing and services 12,377 11,605 81.4 81.9 772 7 Product 2,828 2,571 18.6 18.1 257 10 Total revenue 15,205 14,176 100.0 100.0 1,029 7 Expenses: Cost of processing and services 4,043 4,067 32.7 35.0 (24) (1) Cost of product 1,951 1,761 69.0 68.5 190 11 Sub-total 5,994 5,828 39.4 41.1 166 3 Selling, general and administrative 5,000 4,952 32.9 34.9 48 1 Net gain on sale of businesses and other assets (172) (1.2) 172 n/m Total expenses 10,994 10,608 72.3 74.8 386 4 Operating income 4,211 3,568 27.7 25.2 643 18 Interest expense, net (872) (692) (5.7) (4.9) 180 26 Other expense, net 
 (17) (81) (0.1) (0.6) (64) (79) Income before income taxes and loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates 3,322 2,795 21.8 19.7 527 19 Income tax provision (448) (544) (2.9) (3.8) (96) (18) Loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates (642) (11) (4.2) (0.1) 631 n/m Net income 2,232 2,240 14.7 15.8 (8) Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 39 42 0.3 0.3 (3) (7) Net income attributable to Fiserv, Inc. 2,193 2,198 14.4 15.5 (5) 
 (1) Percentage of revenue is calculated as the relevant revenue, expense or income amount divided by total revenue, except for cost of processing and services and cost of product amounts, which are divided by the related component of revenue. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (In millions) Merchant Financial Corporate and Other Total Total revenue: 2024 2,469 2,412 334 5,215 2023 2,259 2,302 312 4,873 Revenue growth 
 210 110 22 342 Revenue growth percentage 
 9 5 7 Operating income (loss): 2024 931 1,143 (472) 1,602 2023 786 1,079 (362) 1,503 Operating income growth 145 64 (110) 99 Operating income growth percentage 18 6 7 Operating margin: 2024 37.7 47.4 30.7 2023 34.8 46.9 30.8 Operating margin growth (1) 
 290 bps 50 bps (10) bps 
 (1) Represents the basis point growth in operating margin. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) Merchant Financial Corporate and Other Total Total revenue: 2024 7,132 7,076 997 15,205 2023 6,461 6,770 945 14,176 Revenue growth 671 306 52 1,029 Revenue growth percentage 10 5 7 Operating income (loss): 2024 2,582 3,244 (1,615) 4,211 2023 2,123 3,050 (1,605) 3,568 Operating income growth 459 194 (10) 643 Operating income growth percentage 22 6 18 Operating margin: 2024 36.2 45.8 27.7 2023 32.9 45.1 25.2 Operating margin growth (1) 
 330 bps 70 bps 250 bps 
 (1) Represents the basis point growth in operating margin. 
 Operating margin percentages are calculated using actual, unrounded amounts. 
 
 Total Revenue 
 Total revenue increased 342 million, or 7 , in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 1,029 million, or 7 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. The revenue increase was driven by higher processing revenue in both our Merchant and Financial segments, partially offset by a 8 and 9 decrease due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively. 
 Revenue in our Merchant segment increased 210 million, or 9 , in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 671 million, or 10 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. In the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, Small Business contributed 6 and 8 to Merchant segment revenue growth, respectively, driven by an increase in payment volume, partially offset by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Small Business revenue growth also includes contributions from our Clover operating system and the expansion of our merchant relationships through value-added services. Additionally, in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, Enterprise contributed 4 and 2 , respectively, primarily driven by transaction growth. 
 Revenue in our Financial segment increased 110 million, or 5 , in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 306 million, or 5 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. In the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, Digital Payments contributed 2 and 3 to Financial segment revenue growth, respectively, driven by an increase in transaction volume, including growth in Zelle transactions. Issuing contributed 1 to Financial segment growth in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, primarily driven by an increase in active accounts due to strong demand across various verticals, including government and healthcare. Banking also contributed 1 in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. 
 Revenue at Corporate and Other increased 22 million, or 7 , in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 52 million, or 6 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023, due to increased postage revenue. 
 
 Total Expenses 
 Total expenses increased 243 million, or 7 , in the third quarter of 2024 and 386 million, or 4 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. Total expenses as a percentage of total revenue were relatively flat at 69.3 in the third quarter of 2024 and decreased 250 basis points to 72.3 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. Total expenses as a percentage of total revenue were favorably impacted by operating leverage across our various businesses, as well as a reduction in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets of approximately 80 basis points and 110 basis points and a reduction in acquisition and integration related expenses of approximately 60 basis points and 40 basis points in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively. The third quarter and first nine months of 2023 included a 177 million pre-tax gain on the sale of our financial reconciliation business. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue decreased to 31.8 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 32.7 in the third quarter of 2023 and decreased to 32.7 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 35.0 in the first nine months of 2023. Cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue was favorably impacted by strong operating leverage accompanying scalable revenue growth in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. 
 Cost of product as a percentage of product revenue increased to 67.6 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 67.4 in the third quarter of 2023 and increased to 69.0 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 68.5 in the first nine months of 2023. The cost of product as a percentage of product revenue in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 was impacted by revenue mix, including an increase in hardware revenue, in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2023. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue decreased to 30.8 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 33.9 in the third quarter of 2023 and decreased to 32.9 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 34.9 in the first nine months of 2023. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue was favorably impacted in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 by a reduction in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets of approximately 80 basis points and a reduction in acquisition and integration related expenses of approximately 30 basis points, as well as expense management initiatives. 
 
 Operating Income and Operating Margin 
 Total operating income increased 99 million, or 7 , in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 643 million, or 18 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. Total operating margin decreased 10 basis points to 30.7 in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 250 basis points to 27.7 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. Total operating income and total operating margin benefited from scalable revenue growth, along with a 42 million and 160 million reduction in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and a 30 million and 61 million reduction in acquisition and integration related expenses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively. Total operating income and total operating margin in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023 was favorably impacted by a 177 million pre-tax gain from the sale of our financial reconciliation business. 
 Operating income in our Merchant segment increased 145 million, or 18 , in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 459 million, or 22 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. Operating margin increased 290 basis points to 37.7 in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 330 basis points to 36.2 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. Operating income and operating margin growth in our Merchant segment was primarily due to operating leverage and productivity. 
 Operating income in our Financial segment increased 64 million, or 6 , in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 194 million, or 6 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. Operating margin increased 50 basis points to 47.4 in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 70 basis points to 45.8 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. Operating income and operating margin growth in our Financial segment was primarily due to operating leverage and scalable revenue growth. 
 The operating loss in Corporate and Other increased 110 million in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 10 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. The operating losses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023 included a 177 million pre-tax gain on the sale of our financial reconciliation business. The operating losses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 were favorably impacted by a reduction of 42 million and 160 million, respectively, in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, as well as a reduction of 25 million and 45 million, respectively, in acquisition and integration related expenses. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net increased 68 million, or 26 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2023 and increased 180 million, or 26 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023 due to higher outstanding borrowings, including as a result of our public offering and issuance of 2.0 billion and 1.75 billion of senior notes in March 2024 and August 2024, respectively, as well as increased variable rate borrowings with our settlement advance cash program in Latin America compared to the prior year periods. 
 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net decreased 30 million in the third quarter of 2024 and decreased 64 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023. Other expense, net includes foreign currency transaction gains and losses, gains or losses from a sale or change in fair value of investments in certain equity securities, and amounts related to debt guarantee arrangements of certain joint ventures. Other expense, net in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 included 2 million and 29 million, 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 respectively, related to gains on the sale and remeasurement of certain equity securities. Net foreign currency transaction losses decreased 11 million and 12 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. 
 
 Income Tax Provision 
 The income tax provision as a percentage of income before income taxes and loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates was 5.8 and 19.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 13.5 and 19.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes and loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a deferred tax benefit of 142 million recorded within the income tax provision associated with a non-cash impairment charge of 570 million recorded within loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates, resulting in the lower effective income tax rate. 
 
 Loss from Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 Our share of net loss from unconsolidated affiliates accounted for using the equity method is reported as loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates, and the related tax (provision) benefit is reported within the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income. Loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates, including acquired intangible asset amortization from valuations in purchase accounting, was (626) million and (2) million in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and (642) million and (11) million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The third quarter and first nine months of 2024 included a 570 million non-cash impairment related to the Wells Fargo Merchant Services merchant alliance. 
 
 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest relates to the minority partners share of the net income in our consolidated subsidiaries. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, including acquired intangible asset amortization from valuations in purchase accounting, was 7 million and 17 million in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 39 million and 42 million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Net Income Per Share Diluted 
 Net income attributable to Fiserv, Inc. per share-diluted was 0.98 and 1.56 in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 3.74 and 3.54 in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition to the impacts to net income attributable to Fiserv, Inc. described above, our diluted weighted average outstanding shares were reduced by 5 and 6 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, compared to 2023, due to our share repurchase program. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 General 
 Our primary liquidity needs in the ordinary course of business are to: (i) fund normal operating expenses; (ii) meet the interest and principal requirements of our outstanding indebtedness, including finance leases; and (iii) fund capital expenditures and operating lease payments. We believe these needs will be satisfied in both the short and long term using cash flow generated by our operations, along with our cash and cash equivalents of 1.2 billion, proceeds from the issuance of U.S. dollar and Euro commercial paper, and available capacity under our revolving credit facility of 2.7 billion (net of outstanding revolver borrowings and 3.3 billion of capacity designated for outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper programs, senior notes due within the next twelve months and letters of credit) at September 30, 2024. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our net cash provided by operating activities, or operating cash flow, and capital expenditures: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) (In millions) 2024 2023 Net income 2,232 2,240 (8) Depreciation and amortization 2,370 2,384 (14) Share-based compensation 273 275 (2) Deferred income taxes (539) (344) (195) Net gain on sale of businesses and other assets (172) 172 Loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates 
 642 11 631 Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates 29 42 (13) Non-cash impairment charges 14 14 Net changes in working capital and other (611) (869) 258 Net cash provided by operating activities 4,410 3,567 843 24 Capital expenditures, including capitalized software and other intangibles 1,170 1,034 136 13 
 Our operating cash flow was 4.4 billion in the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 24 compared with 3.6 billion in the first nine months of 2023. This increase was primarily attributable to increased profitability, excluding non-cash impairments included within loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliates, and corresponding cash flows, along with favorable fluctuations in working capital, including the timing of vendor payments. 
 We maintain investments in various affiliates that are accounted for as equity method investments. Total distributions from unconsolidated affiliates, including those classified as cash flows from investing activities, were 88 million and 152 million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Our current policy is to use our operating cash flow primarily to fund capital expenditures, merchant cash advances, share repurchases, acquisitions and to repay debt rather than to pay dividends. Our capital expenditures were approximately 8 and 7 of our total revenue for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 We repurchased 4.3 billion of our common stock during the first nine months of 2024. On August 8, 2023, we repurchased 4.1 million shares of our common stock for 121.98 per share in a privately negotiated transaction with ValueAct Capital Master Fund, L.P. for an aggregate purchase price of 500 million. Including this transaction, we repurchased 3.7 billion of our common stock during the first nine months of 2023. 
 On February 22, 2023, our board of directors approved a repurchase authorization for up to 75.0 million shares of our common stock. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 24.2 million shares remaining under our existing repurchase authorization. Shares repurchased are generally held for issuance in connection with our equity plans. 
 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 Acquisitions of Businesses 
 We acquired Skytef in October 2023 and Sled in November 2023 for an aggregate purchase price, including hold-backs, of 17 million. We funded these acquisitions by utilizing available cash. The results of operations for these acquired businesses are included in our consolidated results from the respective dates of acquisition. 
 Dispositions of Businesses 
 We sold our financial reconciliation business in July 2023 for cash proceeds of 232 million, subject to final net working capital adjustments. Net proceeds from the sale were primarily used to pay down indebtedness and repurchase shares of our common stock. 
 Other Transactions 
 In September 2023, we acquired the remaining 49 ownership interest in European Merchant Services B.V., in which we 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 previously held a majority controlling financial interest in this consolidated subsidiary, for 56 million. We funded this transaction by utilizing a combination of available cash and proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper. 
 
 Indebtedness 
 Our debt consisted of the following at: 
 (In millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Short-term and current maturities of long-term debt: Foreign lines of credit 868 442 Finance lease and other financing obligations 332 313 Total short-term and current maturities of long-term debt 1,200 755 Long-term debt: 2.750 senior notes due July 2024 
 2,000 3.850 senior notes due June 2025 
 900 900 2.250 senior notes due July 2025 (British Pound-denominated) 
 704 672 3.200 senior notes due July 2026 
 2,000 2,000 5.150 senior notes due March 2027 
 750 2.250 senior notes due June 2027 
 1,000 1,000 1.125 senior notes due July 2027 (Euro-denominated) 
 559 555 5.450 senior notes due March 2028 
 900 900 5.375 senior notes due August 2028 
 700 700 4.200 senior notes due October 2028 
 1,000 1,000 3.500 senior notes due July 2029 
 3,000 3,000 4.750 senior notes due March 2030 
 850 2.650 senior notes due June 2030 
 1,000 1,000 1.625 senior notes due July 2030 (Euro-denominated) 
 559 555 5.350 senior notes due March 2031 
 500 4.500 senior notes due May 2031 (Euro-denominated) 
 894 889 3.000 senior notes due July 2031 (British Pound-denominated) 
 704 672 5.600 senior notes due March 2033 
 900 900 5.625 senior notes due August 2033 
 1,300 1,300 5.450 senior notes due March 2034 
 750 5.150 senior notes due August 2034 
 900 4.400 senior notes due July 2049 
 2,000 2,000 U.S. dollar commercial paper notes 317 418 Euro commercial paper notes 1,329 1,321 Revolving credit facility 70 74 Unamortized discount and deferred financing costs (160) (145) Finance lease and other financing obligations 659 652 Total long-term debt 24,085 22,363 
 In August 2024, we completed the public offering and issuance of 1.75 billion of senior notes, comprised of 850 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750 senior notes due in March 2030 and 900 million aggregate principal amount of 5.150 senior notes due in August 2034. We used the net proceeds from this senior notes offering for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of a portion of our commercial paper notes and for share repurchases. 
 In March 2024, we completed the public offering and issuance of 2.0 billion of senior notes, comprised of 750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.150 senior notes due in March 2027, 500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.350 senior notes due in March 2031 and 750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.450 senior notes due in March 2034. We 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 used the net proceeds from this senior notes offering for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of a portion of our commercial paper notes and for share repurchases, and in July 2024, the repayment of a portion of our 2.750 senior notes. 
 At September 30, 2024, our debt consisted primarily of 21.9 billion of fixed-rate senior notes and 1.6 billion of outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper programs. Interest on our U.S. dollar-denominated senior notes is paid semi-annually, while interest on our Euro and British Pound-denominated senior notes is paid annually. Interest on our revolving credit facility and commercial paper notes is generally paid weekly, or more frequently on occasion. 
 At September 30, 2024, the 3.850 senior notes due in June 2025 and 2.250 senior notes due in July 2025 were classified in the consolidated balance sheet as long-term, as we have the intent to refinance this debt on a long-term basis, and the ability to do so under our revolving credit facility. Outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper programs are also classified in the consolidated balance sheet as long-term, as we have the intent to refinance this commercial paper on a long-term basis through the continued issuance of new commercial paper upon maturity, and also have the ability to refinance such commercial paper under our revolving credit facility. 
 Variable Rate Debt 
 Our variable rate debt consisted of the following at September 30, 2024: 
 (In millions) Maturity Weighted-Average Interest Rate Outstanding Borrowings Foreign lines of credit various 34.503 868 U.S. dollar commercial paper notes various 4.933 317 Euro commercial paper notes various 3.629 1,329 Revolving credit facility June 2027 5.970 70 Total variable rate debt 14.224 2,584 
 We maintain various short-term lines of credit and other borrowing arrangements with foreign banks and alliance partners primarily to fund merchant settlement advances associated with operations in Latin America, including an annually renewable term loan facility to fund settlement advance cash payments in Brazil. This term loan has a notional value of 514 million Brazilian real 95 million USD equivalent) at September 30, 2024 and bears interest at a variable Certificado de Dep sito Interbanc rio (CDI) Rate, plus a specified margin per annum. In February 2024, this term loan facility was amended, which amendment extended its maturity date to April 2025 and decreased the specified margin to 1.25 per annum. 
 The following table provides a summary of the outstanding borrowings and weighted average interest rates of our foreign lines of credit and other borrowing arrangements by country at September 30, 2024: 
 Outstanding Borrowings (in millions) Weighted-Average Interest Rate Argentina 
 635 43.775 Brazil 
 109 11.663 Uruguay 
 52 10.061 Other 
 72 5.061 Total 
 868 34.503 
 We offer advanced funding of settlement activity associated with operations in Argentina by utilizing local operating cash and various short-term lines of credit to borrow in the Argentina overnight market. As we collect a portion of the corresponding receivables from card issuers over several months, in the event we are unable to continue to borrow in the Argentina overnight market, we may fund future advances with our consolidated cash and cash equivalents and available capacity under our revolving credit facility. 
 We maintain unsecured U.S. dollar and Euro commercial paper programs with various maturities generally ranging from one day to four months. Outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper programs bear interest based on the prevailing rates at the time of issuance. 
 We also maintain a senior unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facility, which matures in June 2027 and provides for a maximum aggregate principal amount of availability of 6.0 billion. Borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at a 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 variable base rate, determined by the term and currency of the borrowing, plus a specified margin based on our long-term debt rating. Outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility were 70 million at September 30, 2024. We are required to pay a facility fee based on the aggregate commitments in effect under the credit agreement from time to time. 
 Debt Covenants and Compliance 
 The indentures governing our senior notes contain covenants that, among other matters, limit (i) our ability to consolidate or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets to, another person, (ii) our and certain of our subsidiaries ability to create or assume liens, and (iii) our and certain of our subsidiaries ability to engage in sale and leaseback transactions. We may, at our option, redeem the senior notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at the applicable redemption price. 
 The revolving credit facility contains various restrictions and covenants that require us to, among other things, limit our consolidated indebtedness as of the end of each fiscal quarter to no more than 3.75 times our consolidated net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, non-cash charges and expenses and certain other adjustments during the period of four fiscal quarters then ended, subject to certain exceptions. 
 During the first nine months of 2024, we were in compliance with all financial debt covenants. Our ability to meet future debt covenant requirements will depend on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows. We expect to remain in compliance with all terms and conditions associated with our outstanding debt, including financial debt covenants. 
 
 Debt Guarantees 
 We maintain noncontrolling ownership interests in Sagent M C, LLC and defi SOLUTIONS Group, LLC (collectively, the Lending Joint Ventures ). The Lending Joint Ventures maintain variable-rate term loan facilities with aggregate outstanding borrowings of 426 million in senior unsecured debt at September 30, 2024 and variable-rate revolving credit facilities with an aggregate borrowing capacity of 83 million with a syndicate of banks, which mature in April 2027. There were 20 million of aggregate outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facilities at September 30, 2024. We have guaranteed the debt of the Lending Joint Ventures. We maintained a liability of 24 million at September 30, 2024 for the estimated fair value of our non-contingent obligations to stand ready to perform over the term of the guarantee arrangements. Such guarantees will be amortized in future periods over the contractual term of the debt. In addition, we maintained a contingent liability of 17 million at September 30, 2024, representing the current expected credit losses to which we are exposed. This contingent liability is estimated based on certain financial metrics of the Lending Joint Ventures and historical industry data, which is used to develop assumptions of the likelihood the guaranteed parties will default and the level of credit losses in the event a default occurs. We have not made any payments under the guarantees, nor have we been called upon to do so, and do not anticipate that the Lending Joint Ventures will fail to fulfill their debt obligations. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Investments, exclusive of settlement assets, with original maturities of 90 days or less that are readily convertible to cash are considered to be cash equivalents as reflected within our consolidated balance sheets. 
 The table below details our cash and cash equivalents held at: 
 (In millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Available 617 450 Unavailable (1) 
 611 754 Total 1,228 1,204 
 (1) Represents cash held by our joint ventures that is not available to fund operations outside of those entities unless the board of directors of the relevant entity declares a dividend, as well as cash held by other entities that are subject to foreign exchange controls in certain countries or regulatory capital requirements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, interest rates, inflation, currency exchange rates, indices, correlations or other market factors, such as liquidity, will result in losses for a certain financial instrument or group of financial instruments. Our senior management actively monitors certain market risks to which we are exposed, primarily from fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. In order to limit our exposure to these risks, we may enter into derivative instruments with creditworthy institutions to hedge against changing interest rates and foreign currency rate fluctuations. We currently utilize forward exchange contracts, fixed-to-fixed cross-currency rate swap contracts and other non-derivative hedging instruments to manage risk. 
 Our exposure to foreign currency exchange risks generally arises from our international operations to the extent they are conducted in local currency. The major currencies to which our operations are exposed are the Argentine Peso, Brazilian Real, British Pound, Euro and Indian Rupee. Changes in the value of underlying monetary assets and liabilities of our non-U.S. dollar-denominated foreign investments and foreign currency transactions in highly inflationary economies, primarily Argentina, may result in foreign currency exchange losses. We also have exposure to risks related to currency devaluation in certain countries, including Argentina, which may negatively impact our international operating results if there is a prolonged devaluation of local currencies relative to the U.S. dollar or if the economic conditions in these countries decline. 
 Additional information about market risks to which we are exposed is included within Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There were no significant changes to our quantitative and qualitative analyses about market risk during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the normal course of business, we or our subsidiaries are named as defendants in lawsuits in which claims are asserted against us. In the opinion of management, the liabilities, if any, which may ultimately result from such lawsuits are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 The table below sets forth information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of us or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of shares of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased 
 as Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans 
 or Programs (1) 
 Maximum Number 
 of Shares that May 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Plans or 
 Programs (1) 
 July 1-31, 2024 2,540,854 154.47 2,540,854 29,235,069 August 1-31, 2024 2,990,000 164.81 2,990,000 26,245,069 September 1-30, 2024 2,087,444 174.71 2,087,444 24,157,625 Total 7,618,298 7,618,298 
 (1) On February 22, 2023, our board of directors authorized the purchase of up to 75.0 million shares of our common stock. This authorization does not expire. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (c) During the three months ended September 30, 2024, . 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying exhibit index are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description 4.1 Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 12, 2024, between Fiserv, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (including Form of 4.750 Senior Notes due 2030) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Fiserv, Inc. filed August 12, 2024) 
 4.2 Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 12, 2024, between Fiserv, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (including Form of 5.150 Senior Notes due 2034) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Fiserv, Inc. filed August 12, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ______________________ 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Filed with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q are the following documents formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vi) the information included in Part II, Item 5(c). 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 FISERV, INC. Date: October 23, 2024 By: /s/ Robert W. Hau Robert W. Hau Chief Financial Officer Date: October 23, 2024 By: /s/ Kenneth F. Best Kenneth F. Best Chief Accounting Officer 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31109302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Frank J. Bisignano, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fiserv, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 23, 2024 By s Frank J. Bisignano Frank J. Bisignano Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31209302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert W. Hau, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fiserv, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 23, 2024 By s Robert W. Hau Robert W. Hau Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32109302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fiserv, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Frank J. Bisignano, as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Robert W. Hau, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s Frank J. Bisignano Frank J. Bisignano Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer October 23, 2024 
 
 By s Robert W. Hau Robert W. Hau Chief Financial Officer October 23, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 fisv-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fisv-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 fisv-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 fisv-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 fisv-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

