<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_766704_0000766704-24-000039.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14768744</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>184329</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2090254</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6518331</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3008584</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2636621</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000766704-24-000039.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029073004
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000766704-24-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WELLTOWER INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000766704
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				341096634
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08923
		FILM NUMBER:		241402691

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 DORR STREET
		CITY:			TOLEDO
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43615
		BUSINESS PHONE:		419-247-2800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 DORR STREET
		CITY:			TOLEDO
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43615

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTH CARE REIT INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000766704-24-000039.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 well-20240930.htm
 10-Q

well-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024 , Welltower Inc. had shares of common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Page Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 8 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 56 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 57 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 58 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 58 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 58 
 Item 5. Other Information 58 
 Item 6. Exhibits 59 
 Signatures 60 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (In thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) December 31, 2023 (Note) Assets: 
 Real estate investments: 
 Real property owned: Land and land improvements Buildings and improvements Acquired lease intangibles Real property held for sale, net of accumulated depreciation Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net real property owned Right of use assets, net Investments in sales-type leases, net Real estate loans receivable, net of credit allowance Net real estate investments Other assets: 
 Investments in unconsolidated entities Goodwill Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Straight-line rent receivable Receivables and other assets Total other assets Total assets 
 Liabilities and equity 
 Liabilities: 
 Unsecured credit facility and commercial paper Senior unsecured notes Secured debt Lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Equity: 
 Common stock Capital in excess of par value Treasury stock ) ) Cumulative net income Cumulative dividends ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Welltower Inc. stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 Note: 
 
 3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Resident fees and services Rental income Interest income Other income Total revenues Expenses: Property operating expenses Depreciation and amortization Interest expense General and administrative expenses Loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net ) ) Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net Provision for loan losses, net Impairment of assets Other expenses Total expenses Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and other items Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net Income (loss) from continuing operations Net income (loss) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (1) 
 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Earnings per share: Basic: Income (loss) from continuing operations Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Diluted: Income (loss) from continuing operations Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders (2) 
 Dividends declared and paid per common share 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 4 

STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (In thousands) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) Derivative and financial instruments designated as hedges gain (loss) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) Less: Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable 
 to noncontrolling interests (1) 
 Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 
 5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Treasury Stock Cumulative Net Income Cumulative Dividends Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests Total Balances at January 1, 2024 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income Net change in noncontrolling interests ) ) Adjustment to members' interest from change in ownership in Welltower OP ) Redemption of OP Units and DownREIT Units ) Amounts related to stock incentive plans, net of forfeitures ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid: Common stock dividends ) ) Balances at March 31, 2024 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income Net change in noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Adjustment to members' interest from change in ownership in Welltower OP ) Redemption of OP Units and DownREIT Units ) Amounts related to stock incentive plans, net of forfeitures Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid: Common stock dividends ) ) Balances at June 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Total comprehensive income Net change in noncontrolling interests ) ) Adjustment to members' interest from change in ownership in Welltower OP ) Amounts related to stock incentive plans, net of forfeitures ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid: Common stock dividends ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 

6 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (In thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Treasury Stock Cumulative Net Income Cumulative Dividends Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests Total Balances at January 1, 2023 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Total comprehensive income Net change in noncontrolling interests ) Adjustment to members' interest from change in ownership in Welltower OP ) Redemption of OP Units and DownREIT Units ) Amounts related to stock incentive plans, net of forfeitures ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid: Common stock dividends ) ) Balances at March 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Total comprehensive income Net change in noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Adjustment to members' interest from change in ownership in Welltower OP ) Redemption of OP Units and DownREIT Units ) Amounts related to stock incentive plans, net of forfeitures Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid: Common stock dividends ) ) Balances at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income Net change in noncontrolling interests ) Adjustment to members' interest from change in ownership in Welltower OP ) Redemption of OP Units and DownREIT Units ) Amounts related to stock incentive plans, net of forfeitures ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid: Common stock dividends ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 
 7 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (In thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided from (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 
 Other amortization expenses 
 Provision for loan losses, net Impairment of assets 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net 
 ) Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 
 Loss (income) from unconsolidated entities 
 Rental income less than (in excess of) cash received 
 ) ) Amortization related to above (below) market leases, net 
 ) Loss (gain) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net ) ) Proceeds from (payments on) interest rate swap settlements ) ) Distributions by unconsolidated entities 
 Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Decrease (increase) in receivables and other assets 
 ) ) Net cash provided from (used in) operating activities Investing activities: Cash disbursed for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
 ) ) Cash disbursed for capital improvements to existing properties 
 ) ) Cash disbursed for construction in progress 
 ) ) Capitalized interest 
 ) ) Investment in loans receivable 
 ) ) Principal collected on loans receivable 
 Other investments, net of payments 
 ) ) Contributions to unconsolidated entities 
 ) ) Distributions by unconsolidated entities 
 Net proceeds from net investment hedge settlements Proceeds from sales of real property 
 Net cash provided from (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Net increase (decrease) under unsecured credit facility and commercial paper 
 Net proceeds from issuance of senior unsecured notes Payments to extinguish senior unsecured notes 
 ) Net proceeds from the issuance of secured debt 
 Payments on secured debt 
 ) ) Net proceeds from the issuance of common stock 
 Payments for deferred financing costs and prepayment penalties 
 ) ) Contributions by noncontrolling interests (1) 
 Distributions to noncontrolling interests (1) 
 ) ) Cash distributions to stockholders 
 ) ) Other financing activities 
 ) ) Net cash provided from (used in) financing activities Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid (received), net 
 
 8 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, Welltower owned of the issued and outstanding units of Welltower OP, with other investors owning the remaining of outstanding units. We adjust the noncontrolling members' interest at the end of each period to reflect their interest in the net assets of W elltower OP. 
 
 2. 
 
 3. 
 
 9 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million. We will capitalize any payments made as additional costs of the acquisitions. 
 Buildings and improvements Acquired lease intangibles Construction in progress Real property held for sale Right of use assets, net Total net real estate assets Receivables and other assets Total assets acquired (1) 
 Secured debt ) ) ) ) ) ) Lease liabilities ) ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total liabilities acquired ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Non-cash acquisition related activity (2) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Cash disbursed for acquisitions Construction in progress additions Less: Capitalized interest ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Accruals (3) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Cash disbursed for construction in progress Capital improvements to existing properties Total cash invested in real property, net of cash acquired 
 (1) Excludes and of unrestricted and restricted cash acquired during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Primarily relates to the acquisition of assets previously financed as real estate loans receivable, the acquisition of assets previously recognized as investments in unconsolidated entities, the acquisition of assets for which consideration was only partially funded at close, and the gain on acquisition of controlling interests described below. 
 (3) R epresents non-cash accruals for amounts to be paid in future periods for properties that converted, offset by amounts paid in the current period. 
 Significant Joint Venture Transactions 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we paid to acquire the redeemable noncontrolling ownership interest in consolidated joint ventures with the Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board, which owned interests in medical office buildings. In conjunction with the transaction was removed from redeemable noncontrolling interests with the difference recorded to capital in excess of par value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The transaction is excluded from the table above. 
 On September 30, 2024, the Company, which held a minority interest in an existing equity method joint venture that owned properties subject to triple-net leases with two tenants, acquired the remaining beneficial interest for in cash, net of cash and restricted cash acquired. The properties were encumbered with secured debt with an aggregate principal balance of . We evaluated the acquisition and determined that the entity meets the criteria of a variable interest entity ("VIE") and that we are its primary beneficiary; therefore, upon consolidation we recognized a gain of in gains (losses) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income during the period ended September 30, 2024. The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is included in the Triple-net segment in the table above. 
 10 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Seniors Housing Operating properties for a total purchase price of approximately million, which will be managed under the Affinity brand. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we closed on the acquisition of properties with a purchase price of through a combination of cash, the issuance of OP Units, and the assumption of of secured debt. The acquisition of the remaining properties is expected to close by the end of the year, subject to customary closing conditions and lender consents. 
 Announced Acquisitions 
 In July 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a seniors housing portfolio of properties and leasehold interests in the U.K. for approximately billion of consideration. The transaction closed in October 2024. 
 Construction Activity 
 Triple-net 
 Outpatient Medical 
 Total development projects 
 Expansion projects 
 Total construction in progress conversions 
 
 4. 
 Above market tenant leases Lease commissions Gross historical cost Accumulated amortization ) ) Net book value Liabilities: Below market tenant leases Accumulated amortization ) ) Net book value) ) Amortization related to in place lease intangibles and lease commissions ) ) ) ) 
 
 5. 
 Seniors Housing Operating properties and Triple-net properties with an aggregate real estate balance of were classified as held for sale. Expected gross sales proceeds related to these held for sale properties are approximately . 
 11 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 related to Seniors Housing Operating properties and Triple-net properties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded of impairment charges related to Seniors Housing Operating properties and Triple-net properties. 
 Operating results attributable to properties sold or classified as held for sale which do not meet the definition of discontinued operations are not reclassified on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. We recognized income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and other items from properties sold or classified as held for sale as of September 30, 2024 o f ) and ) fo r the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and ) and for the same periods in 2023, respectively. 
 Triple-net (2) 
 Outpatient Medical 
 Total dispositions 
 Gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net (3) 
 Net other assets/(liabilities) disposed ) ) Non-cash consideration ) ) Cash proceeds from real estate dispositions 
 (1) The nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes the disposition of unconsolidated equity method investments that owned Seniors Housing Operating properties and Outpatient Medical property. 
 (2) Excludes of net real property derecognized related to properties upon the reclassification of leases from operating to sales-type (see Note 6 for additional details). 
 (3) Excludes the gain recognized in conjunction with the joint venture consolidation (see Note 3 for additional details) and the gain recognized as a result of the reclassification of leases from operating to sales-type (see Note 6 for additional details). 
 Strategic Dissolution of Revera Joint Ventures 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2023, we entered into definitive agreements to dissolve our existing Revera joint venture relationships across the U.S., U.K. and Canada. The transactions included acquiring the remaining interests in properties from Revera, while simultaneously selling interests in properties to Revera. 
 In June 2023, we closed the U.K. portfolio portion of the transaction through the acquisition of the remaining ownership interest in properties previously held in separate consolidated joint venture structures in which we owned and of the interests in exchange for the disposition to Revera of our interests in properties. In addition, we received cash from Revera of relating to the net settlement of loans previously made to the joint ventures. Operations for the retained properties were transitioned to Avery Healthcare. 
 Total proceeds related to the properties disposed were , which included non-cash consideration from Revera of , comprised of the fair value of interests received by us of and an allocation of Revera's noncontrolling interests of , partially offset by of transaction-related expenses as well as the of cash paid to equalize the value exchanged between the parties. We disposed of net real property owned of , resulting in a loss of recognized within gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net within our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Consideration transferred to acquire the additional interests in the properties was comprised of the fair value of interests transferred by us of and of cash paid for transaction-related expenses. We derecognized of noncontrolling interests and of liabilities previously due to Revera with an adjustment of recognized in capital in excess of par value. 
 We closed the portion of the transactions predominantly related to the U.S. portfolio during the third quarter of 2023 through (i) the acquisition of the remaining interests in properties currently under development or recently developed by Sunrise Senior Living that were previously held within an equity method joint venture owned by us and by Revera, (ii) the disposition of our minority interests in U.S. properties and Canadian development project and (iii) the disposition of our interest in the Sunrise Senior Living management company. We recorded net real estate investments of 
 12 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 acquired and now consolidated properties, which was comprised of of cash consideration and of non-cash consideration. Non-cash consideration primarily includes of assumed mortgage debt secured by the acquired properties, which was subsequently repaid in full by us immediately following the transaction, of carryover investment from our prior equity method ownership interest and of fair value interests in the properties transferred by us to Revera. We also derecognized of equity method investments related to the properties retained by Revera and recorded a gain on real estate dispositions of . In conjunction with this transaction, operations for of the now wholly-owned properties, along with operations for existing wholly-owned properties, transitioned to Oakmont Management Group. 
 In April 2024, we closed the Canadian portfolio portion of the transaction through the acquisition of the remaining ownership interest i n properties previously held in consolidated joint venture structures in which we owned of the interests, in exchange for the disposition to Revera of our interests in properties. In addition, we received cash of relating to the net settlement of loans previously made to Revera to fund its share of the pay-off of third party secured debt of the joint ventures. Operations for the retained properties previously transitioned to Cogir Senior Living ), Levante Living ) and Optima Living ) during 2023. 
 Total net proceeds related to the properties disposed were , which included non-cash consideration from Revera of , comprised primarily of the net fair value of interests received by us of , debt which we were relieved of in the amount of and an allocation of Revera's noncontrolling interests in the disposed properties of . We disposed of net real property owned of and paid of cash transaction-related expenses for the sale of the properties , resulting in a gain of recognized within gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests , net within our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Consideration transferred to acquire the additional interests in the properties was primarily comprised of the fair value of interests transferred by us of , a cash payment of to equalize the value exchanged between the parties and of cash paid for transaction-related expenses. We derecognized of Revera's noncontrolling interests in the acquired properties with an adjustment of recognized in capital in excess of par value. 
 The non-cash investing activity with respect to the sale of the properties to Revera and non-cash financing activity with respect to the acquisition of Revera's interests have been excluded from our C onsolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 Genesis HealthCare 
 As part of the substantial exit of the Genesis HealthCare ("Genesis") operating relationship, which we disclosed on March 2, 2021, we transitioned the sublease of a portfolio of facilities from Genesis to Complete Care Management in the second quarter of 2021. As part of the March 2021 transaction, we entered into a forward sale agreement for the properties valued at , which was expected to close when the Welltower-held purchase option became exercisable. As of March 31, 2023, the right of use assets related to the properties were and were reflected as held for sale with the corresponding lease liabilities of on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (excluded from the dispositions table above) after our retained interest of in the joint venture and a gain from the loss of control and derecognition of the leasehold interest of , which we recorded in other income within our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 6. Leases 
 years or more. Renewal options that we are reasonably certain to exercise are recognized in our right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. 
 13 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Non-real estate investment lease expense General and administrative expenses Finance lease cost: Amortization of leased assets Property operating expenses Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Sublease income Rental income ) Total 
 (1) Includes short-term leases which are immaterial. 
 Finance leases - real estate Right of use assets, net Real estate right of use assets, net Operating leases - non-real estate investments Receivables and other assets Total right of use assets, net Lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases Total 
 through a reduction of rental income, which related to leases for which the collection of substantially all contractual lease payments was no longer probable due primarily to agreements reached to convert Triple-net leased properties to Seniors Housing Operating RIDEA structures (see Note 19). During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we wrote off previously recognized straight-line rent receivable and unamortized lease incentive balances of for which collection was no longer deemed probable. 
 Leases in our Triple-net and Outpatient Medical portfolios recognized under ASC 842, "Leases" ("ASC 842"), typically include some form of operating expense reimbursement by the tenant. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized of rental income related to operating leases, of which was for variable lease payments that primarily represents the reimbursement of operating costs such as common area maintenance expenses, utilities, insurance and real estate taxes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized of rental income related to operating leases, of which was for variable lease payments. 
 For the majority of our Seniors Housing Operating segment, revenue from resident fees and services is predominantly service-based, and as such, resident agreements are accounted for under ASC 606, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." Within that reportable segment, we also recognize revenue from residential seniors apartment leases in accordance with ASC 842. The amount of revenue related to these leases was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 For sales-type leases, we record any selling profit or loss arising from leases at inception within gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The investments in sales-type leases, net represents the lease receivable, the components of which are the future lease payments and any guaranteed or unguaranteed residual value for the underlying assets expected at the end of the lease term, measured at the net present value discounted using a rate implicit in the lease. Interest income is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income over the lease term using the effective interest method. 
 
 14 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 properties, which are included in master leases previously classified as operating leases. As a result of the agreement to sell the properties, the leases were classified as sales-type leases in accordance with ASC 842 and a gain of was recognized in gains (losses) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 7. 
 and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in receivables and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Other real estate loans Allowance for credit losses on real estate loans receivable ) ) Real estate loans receivable, net of credit allowance Non-real estate loans Allowance for credit losses on non-real estate loans receivable ) ) Non-real estate loans receivable, net of credit allowance Total loans receivable, net of credit allowance 
 Less: Receipts on loans receivable Net cash advances (receipts) on loans receivable 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we provided a first mortgage loan collateralized by a portfolio of seniors housing communities for . The loan bears interest at per annum. 
 In June 2024, certain secured and unsecured indebtedness payable by Genesis to us was modified to extend the maturity date to June 30, 2025, with no other changes to the terms. In September 2024, we sold the entirety of the unsecured notes receivable from Genesis for cash proceeds of , which was equal to the carrying value after application of the allowance for credit losses and unrecognized interest. In addition, we sold a portion of the secured notes receivable from Genesis for cash proceeds of . The cash proceeds from these sales are included in receipts on loans receivable in the summary of loan activity above. Additionally, the secured notes were modified to extend the maturity date to June 30, 2026, and to convert to cash-pay interest beginning January 1, 2025. 
 The allowance for credit losses on loans receivable is maintained at a level believed adequate to absorb potential losses in our loans receivable. The determination of the credit allowance is based on a quarterly evaluation of each of these loans, including general economic conditions and estimated collectability of loan payments. We evaluate the collectability of our loans receivable based on a combination of credit quality indicators, including, but not limited to, payment status, historical loan charge-offs, financial strength of the borrower and guarantors, and nature, extent, and value of the underlying collateral. 
 A loan is considered to have deteriorated credit quality when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due as scheduled according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. For those loans we identified as having deteriorated credit quality, we determine the amount of credit loss on an individual basis. Placement on non-accrual status may be required. Consistent with this definition, all loans on non-accrual are deemed to have deteriorated credit quality. To the extent circumstances improve and the risk of collectability is diminished, we will return these loans to income accrual status. While a loan is on non-accrual status, any cash receipts are applied against the outstanding principal balance. 
 
 15 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) Collective loan pool 2010 - 2019 ) Collective loan pool 2020 ) Collective loan pool 2021 ) Collective loan pool 2022 ) Collective loan pool 2023 ) Collective loan pool 2024 ) Total loans ) 
 
 The total allowance for credit losses balance is deemed sufficient to absorb expected losses relating to our loan portfolio. 
 Provision for loan losses, net (1) 
 Purchased deteriorated loan Reserve for unrecognized interest added to principal Loan write-offs ) Foreign currency translation Balance at end of period 
 (1) Excludes the provision for loan loss on held-to-maturity debt securities. 
 
 8. 
 
 to 
 Triple-net to 
 Outpatient Medical to 
 Total 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and includes ownership of investments classified as liabilities and excludes ownership of in substance real estate. 
 At September 30, 2024, the aggregate unamortized basis difference of our joint venture investments of is primarily attributable to the difference between the amount for which we purchased our interest in the entity, including transaction costs, and the historical carrying value of the net assets of the joint venture. This difference is being amortized over the remaining useful life of the related properties and included in the reported amount of income from unconsolidated entities. 
 We have made l oans related to properties as of September 30, 2024 for the development and construction of certain properties that have a carrying value of . We believe that such borrowers typically represent VIEs in accordance with ASC 810, "Consolidation." VIEs are required to be consolidated by their primary beneficiary, which is the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impacts the entity's economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the entity. We have concluded that we are not the primary beneficiary of such borrowers, therefore, the loan arrangements were assessed based on, among other factors, the amount and timing of expected residual profits, the estimated fair value of the collateral and the significance of the borrower's equity in the project. Based on these assessments, the arrangements have been classified as in substance real estate investments. We are obligated to fund an additional rela ted to these investments. 
 16 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 9. 
 
 Integra Healthcare Properties Sunrise Senior Living Avery Healthcare Oakmont Management Group Remaining portfolio Totals 
 (1) Cogir Management Corporation, Sunrise Senior Living and Oakmont Management Group are in our Seniors Housing Operating segment. Integra Healthcare Properties is in our Triple-net segment. Avery Healthcare operates assets in both our Seniors Housing Operating and Triple-net segments. 
 (2) NOI with our top five relationships comprised of total NOI for the year ended December 31, 2023 . 
 Atria Senior Living properties to of our existing operating partners. In conjunction with the termination of the property management agreements, we recognized million within other expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income during the second quarter in excess of amounts already accrued. As of September 30, 2024, we have transitioned operations for all properties 
 
 10. 
 banks that included a unsecured revolving credit facility, a unsecured term credit facility and a Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility. The unsecured revolving credit facility is comprised of a tranche that matures on July 24, 2029 outstanding at September 30, 2024) and a tranche that matures on July 24, 2028 outstanding at September 30, 2024). The term credit facilities mature on July 19, 2026. The tranche of the revolving facility and term loans may be extended for successive terms of at our option. We have an option, through an accordion feature, to upsize the unsecured revolving credit facility and the unsecured term credit facility by up to an additional , in the aggregate, and the Canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility by up to an additional . The primary unsecured credit facility also allows us to borrow up to in alternate currencies outstanding at September 30, 2024). Borrowings under the unsecured revolving credit facility are subject to interest payable at the applicable margin over the secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR") interest rate. Based on our current credit ratings, the loans under the unsecured revolving credit facility currently bear interest at over the adjusted SOFR rate at September 30, 2024. In addition, we pay a facility fee quarterly to each bank based on the bank s commitment amount. The facility fee depends on our debt ratings and was at September 30, 2024. 
 Under the terms of our commercial paper program, we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes with maturities that vary, but do not exceed days from the date of issue, up to a maximum aggregate face or principal amount outstanding at any time of outstanding at September 30, 2024). 
 Maximum amount outstanding at any month end Average amount outstanding (total of daily principal balances divided by days in period) Weighted average interest rate (actual interest expense divided by average borrowings outstanding) 
 17 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 11. 
 2025 2026 2027 (4,5) 
 2028 (6) 
 Thereafter (7) 
 Total principal balance Unamortized discounts and premiums, net ) ) Unamortized debt issuance costs, net ) ) ) Fair value adjustments and other, net ) ) ) Total carrying value of debt 
 (1) Annual interest rates range from to . The ending weighted average interest rate, after considering the effects of interest rate swaps, was and as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) All senior unsecured notes with the exception of the Canadian-denominated senior unsecured notes due 2027 have been issued by Welltower OP and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Welltower. The Canadian-denominated senior unsecured notes due 2027 have been issued through private placement by a wholly-owned subsidiary of Welltower OP and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Welltower OP. 
 (3) Annual interest rates range from to . The ending weighted average interest rate, after considering the effects of interest rate swaps and caps, was and as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Gross real property value of the properties securing the debt totaled at September 30, 2024. 
 (4) Includes a unsecured term loan and a Canadian-denominated unsecured term loan (approximately based on the Canadian/U.S. Dollar exchange rate on September 30, 2024). Both term loans mature on July 19, 2026 and may be extended for successive terms of at our option. The loans bear interest at adjusted SOFR plus at September 30, 2024) and adjusted Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average plus at September 30, 2024), respectively. 
 (5) Includes Canadian-denominated senior unsecured notes due 2027 (approximately based on the Canadian/U.S. Dollar exchange rate on September 30, 2024). 
 (6) Includes senior unsecured notes due 2028 (approximately based on the Pounds Sterling/U.S. Dollar exchange rate in effect on September 30, 2024). 
 (7) Includes senior unsecured notes due 2034 (approximately based on the Pounds Sterling/U.S. Dollar exchange rate in effect on September 30, 2024). 
 Debt issued Debt extinguished ) Foreign currency Ending balance 
 Welltower, the parent entity that consolidates Welltower OP and all other subsidiaries, fully and unconditionally guarantees to each holder of all series of senior unsecured notes issued by Welltower OP that the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the notes will be promptly paid in full when due, whether at the applicable maturity date, by acceleration or redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of and interest on the notes, if any, if lawful, and all other obligations of Welltower OP to the holders of the notes will be promptly paid in full or performed. Welltower's guarantees of such notes are its senior unsecured obligation and rank equally with all of Welltower's other future unsecured senior indebtedness and guarantees from time to time outstanding. Welltower's guarantees of such notes are effectively subordinated to all liabilities of its subsidiaries and to its secured indebtedness to the extent of the assets securing such indebtedness. Because Welltower conducts substantially all of its business through its subsidiaries, Welltower's ability to make required payments with respect to the guarantees depends on the financial results and condition of its subsidiaries and its ability to receive funds from its subsidiaries, whether by dividends, loans, distributions or other payments. 
 18 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior unsecured notes maturing May 15, 2028 (the "2028 Exchangeable Notes") unless earlier exchanged, purchased or redeemed. The 2028 Exchangeable Notes will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year. We recognized contractual interest expense on the 2028 Exchangeable Notes of approximatel y and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and and for the same periods in 2023, respectively. Additionally, amortization of related issuance costs were and for the three and nine ended September 30, 2024, and and for the same periods in 2023, respectively. Unamortized issuance costs were as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023 . 
 In July 2024, Welltower OP issued aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior unsecured notes maturing July 15, 2029 (the "2029 Exchangeable Notes") unless earlier exchanged, purchased or redeemed. The 2029 Exchangeable Notes will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year. The net proceeds from the offering of the 2029 Exchangeable Notes were approximately after deducting the underwriting fees and other expenses. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we recognized approximately of contractual interest expense and amortization of issuance costs of related to the 2029 Exchangeable Notes. Unamortized issuance costs were as of September 30, 2024. 
 Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding January 15 , 2029, the 2029 Exchangeable Notes are exchangeable at the option of the holders only upon certain circumstances and during certain periods. On or after January 15, 2029, the 2029 Exchangeable Notes will be exchangeable at the option of the holders at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day preceding the maturity date. Welltower OP will settle exchanges of the 2029 Exchangeable Notes by delivering cash up to the principal amount of the 2029 Exchangeable Notes exchanged and, in respect of the remainder of the exchanged value, if any, in excess thereof, cash or shares of Welltower's common stock, or a combination thereof, at the election of Welltower OP. The exchange rate initially equals 7.8177 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2029 Exchangeable Notes (equivalent to an exchange price of approximately per share of common stock). The exchange rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 Welltower OP may redeem the 2029 Exchangeable Notes, at its option in whole or in part, on any business day on or after July 20, 2027, if the last reported sales price of the common stock has been at least of the exchange price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which Welltower OP provides notice of redemption. The redemption price will be equal to of the principal amount of the 2029 Exchangeable Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. 
 Debt issued Debt assumed Debt extinguished ) ) Debt disposed (1) 
 ) Principal payments ) ) Foreign currency ) ) Ending balance (1) Please see Note 5 for additional information. 
 
 19 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

12. 
 fixed to floating swap in connection with our March 2022 senior note issuance. This swap was terminated in January 2024 resulting in a loss of ). As of September 30, 2024, the unamortized loss amount was ). In January 2024, we entered into a forward-starting fixed to floating swap which converts a portion of cash flows on our senior unsecured notes to floating rate. The swap is effective beginning in June 2025 and matures in December 2030. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying amount of the notes, exclusive of the hedge, is . The fair value of the swap as of September 30, 2024 was and was recorded as a derivative asset with an offset to senior unsecured notes on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Periodically, we enter into and designate interest rate locks to partially hedge the risk of changes in interest payments attributable to increases in the benchmark interest rate during the period leading up to the probable issuance of fixed-rate debt. We designate our interest rate locks as cash flow hedges. Gains and losses when we settle our interest rate locks are amortized into earnings over the life of the related debt, except where a material amount is deemed to be ineffective, which would be immediately recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Approximately of losses, which are included in other comprehensive income ("OCI"), are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. 
 Cash flows from derivatives accounted for as a fair value or cash flow hedge are classified in the same category as the cash flows from the items being hedged in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts and Cross Currency Swap Contracts Designated as Net Investment Hedges 
 We use foreign currency forward and cross currency forward swap contracts to hedge a portion of the net investment in foreign subsidiaries against fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. For instruments that are designated and qualify as net investment hedges, the variability in the foreign currency to U.S. Dollar of the instrument is recorded as a cumulative translation adjustment component of OCI. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we settled certain net investment hedges generating cash proceeds of and , respectively. The balance of the cumulative translation adjustment will be reclassified to earnings if the hedged investment is sold or substantially liquidated. 
 Derivative Contracts Undesignated 
 We use foreign currency exchange contracts to manage existing exposures to foreign currency exchange risk. Gains and losses resulting from the changes in fair value of these instruments are recorded in interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and are substantially offset by net revaluation impacts on foreign currency denominated balance sheet exposures. 
 20 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Denominated in Pound Sterling Financial instruments designated as net investment hedges: Denominated in Canadian Dollars Denominated in Pound Sterling Interest rate swaps and caps designated as cash flow hedges: Denominated in U.S. Dollars (1) 
 Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges: Denominated in U.S. Dollars Derivative instruments not designated: Foreign currency exchange contracts denominated in Canadian Dollars 
 
 Gain (loss) on derivative instruments not designated as hedges recognized in income Interest expense ) Gain (loss) on equity warrants recognized in income Gain (loss) on derivatives and financial instruments, net ) ) Gain (loss) on derivative and financial instruments designated as hedges recognized in OCI OCI ) ) ) 
 
 13. 
 outstanding letter of credit obligations totaling and expiring between 2024 and 2025. At September 30, 2024, we had outstanding construction in progress of and were committed to providing additional funds of approximately to complete construction. Additionally, at September 30, 2024, we had outstanding investments classified as in substance real estate of and were committed to provide additional funds of (see Note 8 for additional information). Purchase obligations at September 30, 2024 also include of contingent purchase obligations to fund capital improvements. Rents due from the tenants are increased to reflect the additional investment in the property. 
 21 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 14. 
 par value: 
 Authorized shares Issued shares Outstanding shares Common Stock, par value: 
 Authorized shares Issued shares Outstanding shares 
 Common Stock 
 In April 2024, we entered into an equity distribution agreement whereby we can offer and sell up to aggregate amount of our common stock ("ATM Program"). Our prior equity distribution agreement dated February 15, 2024, allowing us to sell up to aggregate amount of our common stock, was terminated as a result. The ATM Program allows us to enter into forward sale agreements outstanding at September 30, 2024). As of September 30, 2024, we had of remaining capacity under the ATM Program. During October 2024, we sold shares of common stock under our ATM Program. 
 2023 ATM Program issuances 2023 Redemption of OP Units and DownREIT Units 2023 Stock incentive plans, net of forfeitures ) 2023 Totals 2024 Option exercises 2024 ATM Program issuances 2024 Redemption of OP Units and DownREIT Units 2024 Stock incentive plans, net of forfeitures 2024 Totals 
 Dividends 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) ) Derivative and financial instruments designated as hedges Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 22 

WELLTOWER INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

15. 
 shares of common stock or units to be issued at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Awards granted after March 28, 2022 are issued out of the 2022 Plan. The awards granted under the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan continue to vest and options expire from the date of grant. Our non-employee directors, officers and key employees are eligible to participate in the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan allows for the issuance of, among other things, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, deferred stock units, performance units and dividend equivalent rights. Vesting periods for options, deferred stock units and restricted stock units generally range from three to . Options expire from the date of grant. Stock-based compensation expense totaled and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and and for the same periods in 2023, respectively. 
 recognized in general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income in the current quarter. 
 
 16. 
 Adjustment for net income (loss) attributable to OP Units and DownREIT Units ) Numerator for diluted earnings per share 
 Denominator for basic earnings per share - weighted average shares Effect of dilutive securities: Employee stock options 
 Non-vested restricted shares and units OP Units and DownREIT Units 
 Employee stock purchase program 
 2028 Exchangeable Notes Dilutive potential common shares Denominator for diluted earnings per share - adjusted weighted average shares 
 Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 

17. 
 
 23 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 share of our common stock per unit, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. 
 24 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Mortgage loans receivable Other real estate loans receivable Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Non-real estate loans receivable Foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps and cross currency swaps Equity warrants Financial liabilities: Senior unsecured notes Secured debt Foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps and cross currency swaps Redeemable DownREIT Unitholder interests 
 Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 The market approach is utilized to measure fair value for our financial assets and liabilities reported at fair value on a recurring basis. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. 
 Foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps and cross currency swaps, net asset (liability) (1) 
 ) ) Totals ) ) 
 (1) Please see Note 12 for additional information. 
 Mark-to-market adjustment ) Foreign currency Ending balance 
 The most significant assumptions utilized in the valuation of the equity warrants are the cash flows of the underlying HC-One Group enterprise, as well as the terminal capitalization rate which was and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 In addition to items that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, we also have assets and liabilities in our balance sheet that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis that are not included in the tables above. Assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include those acquired, consolidated, exchanged or assumed. Asset impairments (if applicable, see Note 5 for impairments of real property and Note 7 for impairments of loans receivable) are also measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. We have determined that the fair value measurements included in each of these assets and liabilities rely primarily on company-specific inputs and our assumptions about the use of the assets and settlement of liabilities, as observable inputs are not available. As such, we have determined that each of these fair value measurements generally resides within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. We estimate the fair value of real estate 
 25 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

18. 
 operating segments: Seniors Housing Operating, Triple-net and Outpatient Medical. Our Seniors Housing Operating properties include seniors apartments, assisted living, independent living/continuing care retirement communities, independent supportive living communities (Canada), care homes with and without nursing (U.K.) and combinations thereof that are generally owned and/or operated through RIDEA structures (see Note 19). Our Triple-net properties include the property types described above as well as long-term/post-acute care facilities. Under the Triple-net segment, we invest in seniors housing and health care real estate through acquisition and financing of primarily single tenant properties. Properties acquired are primarily leased under triple-net leases and we are not involved in the management of the property. Our Outpatient Medical properties are typically leased to multiple tenants and generally require a certain level of property management by us. 
 26 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Rental income Interest income Other income Total revenues Property operating expenses Consolidated net operating income (loss) Depreciation and amortization Interest expense ) General and administrative expenses Loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net ) ) Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net Provision for loan losses, net ) ) Impairment of assets Other expenses ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and other items ) Income tax (expense) benefit Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities ) ) Gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Net income (loss) ) Total assets 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Seniors Housing Operating Triple-net Outpatient Medical Non-segment/Corporate Total Resident fees and services Rental income Interest income Other income Total revenues Property operating expenses Consolidated net operating income (loss) Depreciation and amortization Interest expense General and administrative expenses Loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net Provision for loan losses, net Impairment of assets Other expenses 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and other items ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Net income (loss) ) 
 27 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Rental income Interest income Other income Total revenues Property operating expenses Consolidated net operating income (loss) Depreciation and amortization Interest expense General and administrative expenses Loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net ) ) Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net Provision for loan losses, net ) ) Impairment of assets Other expenses Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and other items ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Net income (loss) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Seniors Housing Operating Triple-net Outpatient Medical Non-segment / Corporate Total Resident fees and services Rental income Interest income Other income Total revenues Property operating expenses Consolidated net operating income (loss) Depreciation and amortization Interest expense ) General and administrative expenses Loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net Provision for loan losses, net ) Impairment of assets Other expenses Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and other items ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Net income (loss) ) 

28 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

United Kingdom Canada Total Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Resident Fees and Services: Amount Amount Amount (1) 
 Amount United States United Kingdom Canada Total As of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets: Amount Amount United States United Kingdom Canada Total 
 
 19. 
 29 

WELLTOWER INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

20. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents Receivables and other assets Total assets (1) 
 Liabilities and equity: Secured debt Lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 (1) Note that assets of the consolidated VIEs can only be used to settle obligations relating to such VIEs. Liabilities of the consolidated VIEs represent claims against the specific assets of the VIEs and the VIE's creditors do not have recourse to Welltower. 
 We recognized revenues from consolidated VIEs in the aggregate of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and and for the same periods in 2023, respectively. 
 In addition, we have certain entities that qualify as unconsolidated VIEs including borrowers of loans receivable and in substance real estate investments. Our maximum exposure on these entities is limited to the net carrying value of the investments. Refer to Note 7 and Note 8 for additional details. 
 30 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Company Overview 32 
 Business Strategy 32 
 Key Transactions 33 
 Key Performance Indicators, Trends and Uncertainties 34 
 Corporate Governance 37 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Sources and Uses of Cash 37 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 38 
 Contractual Obligations 38 
 Capital Structure 38 
 Supplemental Guarantor Information 39 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Summary 40 
 Seniors Housing Operating 41 
 Triple-net 43 
 Outpatient Medical 45 
 Non-Segment/Corporate 47 
 OTHER Non-GAAP Financial Measures 48 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 55 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 56 
 
 31 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following discussion and analysis should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Other important factors are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, including factors identified under the headings "Business," "Risk Factors," and "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 We are structured as an umbrella partnership REIT under which substantially all of our business is conducted through Welltower OP LLC, the day-to-day management of which is exclusively controlled by Welltower Inc. Welltower Inc. has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in Welltower OP LLC. Welltower OP LLC is the borrower under, and Welltower Inc. is the guarantor of, all of the unsecured notes described in Note 11 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to "Welltower" mean Welltower Inc. and references to "Welltower OP" mean Welltower OP LLC. References to "we," "us" and "our" mean collectively Welltower, Welltower OP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Welltower and/or Welltower OP. 
 Executive Summary 
 
 Company Overview 
 Welltower Inc. (NYSE:WELL), a real estate investment trust ("REIT") and S P 500 company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio, is driving the transformation of health care infrastructure. Welltower invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people s wellness and overall health care experience. Welltower owns interests in properties concentrated in major, high-growth markets in the United States ("U.S."), Canada and the United Kingdom ("U.K."), consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities and outpatient medical properties. 
 Welltower is the initial member and majority owner of Welltower OP, with an approximate ownership interest of 99.701 as of September 30, 2024. All of our property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through Welltower OP and Welltower has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in Welltower OP. Welltower issues equity from time to time, the net proceeds of which it is obligated to contribute as additional capital to Welltower OP. All debt including credit facilities, senior notes and secured debt is incurred by Welltower OP and its subsidiaries, and Welltower has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all existing senior unsecured notes. 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated portfolio for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): 
 Percentage of Number of Type of Property NOI (1) 
 NOI Properties Seniors Housing Operating 394,463 48.8 1,008 Triple-net 271,170 33.5 606 Outpatient Medical 143,069 17.7 371 Totals 808,702 100.0 1,985 (1) Represents consolidated NOI and excludes our share of investments in unconsolidated entities. Entities in which we have a joint venture with a minority partner are shown at 100 of the joint venture amount. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for additional information and reconciliation. 

Business Strategy 
 Our primary objectives are to protect stockholder capital and enhance stockholder value. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of annual increases in NOI and portfolio growth. To meet these objectives, we invest across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real estate and diversify our investment portfolio by property type, relationship and geographic location. 
 Substantially all of our revenues are derived from operating lease rentals, resident fees and services, interest earned on outstanding loans receivable and interest earned on short-term deposits. These items represent our primary sources of liquidity to fund distributions and depend upon the continued ability of our obligors to make contractual rent and interest payments to us and the profitability of our operating properties. To the extent that our obligors/partners experience operating difficulties and become unable to generate sufficient cash to make payments or operating distributions to us, there could be a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. 
 To mitigate this risk, we monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property. Our asset management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit and other collateral. Our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, 
 32 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 capital improvement needs and market conditions among other things. We evaluate the operating environment in each property s market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we generally aim to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. 
 In addition to our asset management and research efforts, we aim to structure our relevant investments to mitigate payment risk. Operating leases and loans are normally credit enhanced by guarantees and/or letters of credit. Also, operating leases are typically structured as master leases and loans are generally cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized with other real estate loans, operating leases or agreements between us and the obligor and its affiliates. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, resident fees and services and rental income represente d 74 and 21 , respectively, of total revenues. Substantially all of our operating leases are designed with escalating rent structures. Leases with fixed annual rental escalators are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease period, subject to a collectability assessment. Rental income related to leases with contingent rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. Our yield on loans receivable depends upon a number of factors, including the stated interest rate, the average principal amount outstanding during the term of the loan and any interest rate adjustments. 
 Our primary sources of cash include resident fees and services, rent and interest receipts, interest earned on short-term deposits, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions and principal payments on loans receivable. Our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal and interest), real property investments (including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances and transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses and other expenses. Depending upon the availability and cost of external capital, we believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund these uses of cash. 
 We also continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. New investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, internally generated cash and the proceeds from investment dispositions. Our investments generate cash from NOI and principal payments on loans receivable. Permanent financing for future investments, which replaces funds drawn under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, has historically been provided through a combination of the issuance of public debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt. Given the general economic conditions during 2023 and into 2024, investments were generally funded proactively via issuances of common stock. 
 Depending upon market conditions, we believe that new investments will be available in the future with spreads over our cost of capital that will generate appropriate returns to our stockholders. It is also likely that investment dispositions may occur in the future. To the extent that investment dispositions exceed new investments, our revenues and cash flows from operations could be adversely affected. We expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments. To the extent that new investment requirements exceed our available cash on-hand, we expect to borrow under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. At September 30, 2024, we had 3,564,942,000 of cash and cash equivalents, 219,466,000 of restricted cash and 5,000,000,000 of available borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 Key Transactions 
 Capital The following summarizes key capital transactions that occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 In April 2024, we entered into the ATM Program (as defined below) pursuant to which we may offer and sell up to 3,500,000,000 of common stock of Welltower from time to time. Our prior equity distribution agreement dated February 15, 2024, allowing us to sell up to 3,500,000,000 aggregate amount of our common stock, was terminated. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 53,547,363 shares of common stock under our current and previous ATM Programs generating gross proceeds of approximately 5,288,418,000. 
 In January 2024, we repaid our 400,000,000 4.5 senior unsecured notes at maturity. In March 2024, we repaid our 950,000,000 3.625 senior unsecured notes at maturity. 
 In July 2024, we closed on an expanded 5,000,000,000 unsecured revolving credit facility, which replaced our 4,000,000,000 existing line of credit. The new facility is comprised of a 3,000,000,000 revolving line of credit maturing in June 2028 that can be extended for an additional year and a 2,000,000,000 revolving line of credit maturing in June 2029. The revolving lines of credit will bear interest at a borrowing rate of 0.725 over the adjusted SOFR rate and includes an annual facility fee of 0.125 . 
 In July 2024, Welltower OP issued 1,035,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.125 exchangeable senior unsecured notes maturing July 15, 2029 (the "2029 Exchangeable Notes") unless earlier exchanged, purchased or redeemed. The 2029 Exchangeable Notes will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year. 
 In August 2024, we increased the size of the commercial paper program to 2,000,000,000. 
 33 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we extinguished 323,805,000 of secured debt at a blended average interest rate of 6.69 and disposed 164,640,000 of secured debt at a blended average interest rate of 4.64 . 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we assumed 896,705,000 of secured debt at a blended average interest rate of 4.01 . 
 Investments The following summarizes our property acquisitions and joint venture investments completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): 
 Properties Book Amount (1) 
 Capitalization Rates (2) 
 Seniors Housing Operating 53 1,790,137 5.6 Triple-net 46 1,014,685 11.9 Outpatient Medical 1 46,834 7.7 Totals 100 2,851,656 5.8 (1) Represents amounts recorded in net real estate investments including fair value adjustments pursuant to U.S. GAAP. See Note 3 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 (2) Represents annualized contractual or projected NOI to be received in cash divided by investment amounts. 
 
 Dispositions The following summarizes property dispositions completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): 
 Properties Proceeds (1) 
 Book Amount (2) 
 Capitalization Rates (3) 
 Seniors Housing Operating (4) 
 27 508,774 366,255 4.4 Triple-net (5) 
 1 21,509 170 Outpatient Medical (4) 
 3 49,817 42,761 6.8 Totals 31 580,100 409,186 4.5 (1) Represents net proceeds received upon disposition, excluding non-cash consideration. 
 (2) Represents carrying value of net real estate assets at time of disposition. See Note 5 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 (3) Represents annualized contractual income that was being received in cash at date of disposition divided by stated purchase price. 
 (4) Includes the disposition of unconsolidated equity method investments that owned six Seniors Housing Operating properties and one Outpatient Medical property. 
 (5) Excludes 376,695,000 of net real property derecognized related to 15 properties upon the reclassification of two leases from operating to sales-type (see Note 6 for additional details). 
 
 Strategic Dissolution of Revera Joint Ventures 
 During the second quarter of 2023, we entered into definitive agreements to dissolve our existing Revera joint venture relationships across the U.S., U.K. and Canada. The transactions included acquiring the remaining interests in 110 properties from Revera while simultaneously selling interests in 31 properties to Revera. See Note 5 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the transactions. 
 Dividend s Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of 0.67 per share. On November 21, 2024 , we will pay our 214th consecutive quarterly cash dividend to stockholders of record on November 13, 2024 . 
 
 Key Performance Indicators, Trends and Uncertainties 
 We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business. These indicators are discussed below and relate to operating performance, credit strength and concentration risk. Management uses these key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results, in making operating decisions and for budget planning purposes. 
 Operating Performance We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders ("NICS") per the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income are the most appropriate earnings measures. Other useful supplemental measures of our operating performance include funds from operations attributable to common stockholders ("FFO") and consolidated net operating income ("NOI"); however, these supplemental measures are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Please refer to the section entitled "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for further discussion and reconciliations. These earnings measures are widely used by investors and analysts in the valuation, comparison and investment recommendations of companies. 
 34 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following table reflects the recent historical trends of our operating performance measures for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31, 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Net income (loss) 456,800 260,670 131,634 88,440 134,722 106,342 28,635 NICS 449,849 254,714 127,146 83,911 127,470 103,040 25,673 FFO 635,817 493,773 556,703 491,859 419,124 466,182 386,062 NOI 842,962 713,587 762,828 713,697 666,740 706,806 602,976 
 Credit Strength We measure our credit strength both in terms of leverage ratios and coverage ratios. The leverage ratios indicate how much of our balance sheet capitalization is related to long-term debt, net of cash and restricted cash. The coverage ratios indicate our ability to service interest and fixed charges (interest and secured debt principal amortization). We expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios sufficient to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile. The coverage ratios are based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("Adjusted EBITDA"). Please refer to the section entitled "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for further discussion and reconciliation of these measures. Leverage ratios and coverage ratios are widely used by investors, analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, investment recommendations and rating of companies. The following table reflects the recent historical trends for our credit strength measures for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31, 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Net debt to book capitalization ratio 28 27 29 34 36 38 40 Net debt to undepreciated book capitalization ratio 23 22 24 28 29 31 32 Net debt to enterprise value ratio 13 15 17 21 23 25 28 Interest coverage ratio 6.83x 5.59x 4.29x 3.79x 3.88x 3.81x 3.44x Fixed charge coverage ratio 6.37x 5.21x 3.98x 3.52x 3.60x 3.51x 3.13x 
 Concentration Risk We evaluate our concentration risk in terms of NOI by property mix, relationship mix and geographic mix. Concentration risk is a valuable measure in understanding what portion of our NOI could be at risk if certain sectors were to experience downturns. Property mix measures the portion of our NOI that relates to our various property types. Relationship mix measures the portion of our NOI that relates to our current top five relationships. Geographic mix measures the portion of our NOI that relates to our current top five states (or countries outside the United States). 
 
 35 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following table reflects our recent historical trends of concentration risk by NOI for the periods indicated below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31, 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Property mix: (1) 
 Seniors Housing Operating 49 54 47 43 45 40 42 Triple-net 34 26 35 37 35 42 37 Outpatient Medical 17 20 18 20 20 18 21 Relationship mix: (1) 
 Cogir Management Corporation 7 8 8 6 4 3 4 Integra Healthcare Properties 6 8 7 8 8 8 9 Sunrise Senior Living 5 6 5 5 5 7 6 Avery Healthcare 4 5 5 5 4 3 3 Oakmont Management Group 4 5 4 4 4 3 3 Remaining relationships 74 68 71 72 75 76 75 Geographic mix: (1) 
 California 11 13 11 11 11 11 13 United Kingdom 10 10 10 9 9 8 10 Texas 8 9 8 8 8 7 8 Florida 8 9 8 8 5 4 5 Canada 6 7 7 7 6 5 6 Remaining geographic areas 57 52 56 57 61 65 58 (1) Excludes our share of investments in unconsolidated entities and non-segment/corporate NOI. Entities in which we have a joint venture with a minority partner are shown at 100 of the joint venture amount. 
 
 Operating Lease Expirations The following table sets forth information regarding operating lease expirations for certain portions of our portfolio as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): 
 Expiration Year (1) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 Thereafter Triple-net: Properties 16 10 1 5 4 19 5 155 42 322 Base rent (2) 
 8,016 12,630 1,259 6,566 1,083 41,397 11,074 102,681 59,482 431,884 of base rent 1.2 1.9 0.2 1.0 0.2 6.1 1.6 15.2 8.8 63.8 Units/beds 521 1,557 80 616 219 2,043 423 9,226 3,267 37,667 of units/beds 0.9 2.8 0.1 1.1 0.4 3.7 0.8 16.6 5.9 67.7 Outpatient Medical: Square feet 991,135 1,132,045 1,368,075 1,528,272 1,535,925 1,520,877 1,355,760 1,600,965 1,694,050 1,187,186 5,767,000 Base rent (2) 
 29,047 35,608 38,819 46,527 43,641 45,077 40,585 46,429 51,192 31,598 167,961 of base rent 5.0 6.2 6.7 8.1 7.6 7.8 7.0 8.1 8.9 5.5 29.1 Leases 188 256 237 262 266 205 125 104 172 101 280 of leases 8.6 11.7 10.8 11.9 12.1 9.3 5.7 4.7 7.8 4.6 12.8 (1) Excludes our share of investments in unconsolidated entities, developments, land parcels, loans receivable and sub-leases. Investments classified as held for sale are included in the current year. 
 (2) The most recent monthly cash base rent annualized. Base rent does not include tenant recoveries or amortization of above and below market lease intangibles or other non-cash income. 
 
 We evaluate our key performance indicators in conjunction with current expectations to determine if historical trends are indicative of future results. Our expected results may not be achieved, and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. Factors that may cause actual results to differ from expected results are described in more detail in "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Management regularly monitors economic and other factors to develop strategic and tactical plans designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive position. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute these plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, under the headings "Business," "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 36 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Corporate Governance 
 Maintaining investor confidence and trust is important in today's business environment. Our Board of Directors and management are strongly committed to policies and procedures that reflect the highest level of ethical business practices. Our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal requirements. These guidelines meet the listing standards adopted by the New York Stock Exchange and are available on the Internet at www.welltower.com/investors/governance. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Our primary sources of cash include resident fees and services, rent and interest receipts, interest earned on short-term deposits, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions and principal payments on loans receivable. Our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal and interest), real property investments (including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances and transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses and other expenses. Depending upon the availability and cost of external capital, we believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund these uses of cash. These sources and uses of cash are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and are discussed in further detail below. 
 The following is a summary of our sources and uses of cash flows for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended Change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 2,076,083 722,292 1,353,791 187 Cash provided from (used in) operating activities 1,697,209 1,231,359 465,850 38 Cash provided from (used in) investing activities (3,309,218) (2,563,554) (745,664) (29) Cash provided from (used in) financing activities 3,315,287 3,311,103 4,184 Effect of foreign currency translation 5,047 (14,489) 19,536 135 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 3,784,408 2,686,711 1,097,697 41 
 Operating Activities Please see "Results of Operations" for discussion of net income fluctuations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, cash flows provided from operation s exceeded cash distributions to stockholders. 
 Investing Activities The changes in net cash provided from/used in investing activities are primarily attributable to net changes in real property investments and dispositions, loans receivable and investments in unconsolidated entities, which are summarized above in "Key Transactions." Please refer to Notes 3 and 5 of our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. Th e following is a summary of cash used in non-acquisition capital improvement activities for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended Change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 New development 632,511 730,712 (98,201) -13 Recurring capital expenditures, tenant improvements and lease commissions 199,861 127,633 72,228 57 Renovations, redevelopments and other capital improvements 338,891 206,457 132,434 64 Total 1,171,263 1,064,802 106,461 10 
 The change in new development is primarily due to the number and size of construction projects on-going during the relevant periods. Renovations, redevelopments and other capital improvements include expenditures to maximize property value, increase net operating income, maintain a market-competitive position and/or achieve property stabilization. The increase in renovations, redevelopments and other capital improvements is due primarily to portfolio growth. 
 Financing Activities The changes in net cash provided from/used in financing activities are primarily attributable to changes related to our long-term debt arrangements, the issuances of common stock and dividend payments which are summarized above in "Key Transactions." Please refer to Notes 10, 11 and 14 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 37 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 In May 2023, we issued 1,035,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 2.75 exchangeable senior unsecured notes maturing May 15, 2028. In January 2024, we repaid our 400,000,000 4.5 senior unsecured notes at maturity. In March 2024, we repaid our 950,000,000 3.625 senior unsecured notes at maturity. 
 In July 2024, we issued 1,035,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.125 exchangeable senior unsecured notes maturing July 15, 2029. 
 Also in July 2024, we closed on an expanded 5,000,000,000 unsecured revolving credit facility, which replaced our 4,000,000,000 existing line of credit. The new facility is comprised of a 3,000,000,000 revolving line of credit maturing in June 2028 that can be extended for an additional year and a 2,000,000,000 revolving line of credit maturing in June 2029. The revolving lines of credit will bear interest at a borrowing rate of 0.725 over the adjusted SOFR rate and includes an annual facility fee of 0.125 . 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 At September 30, 2024, we had investments in unconsolidated entities with our ownership generally ranging from 10 to 95 . We use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate exposure. At September 30, 2024, we ha d 20 outstanding letter of credit obligations. Please see Notes 8, 12 and 13 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes our payment requirements under contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 
 Payments Due by Period Contractual Obligations Total 2024 2025-2026 2027-2028 Thereafter Senior unsecured notes and term credit facilities: (1) 
 U.S. Dollar senior unsecured notes 10,620,000 1,950,000 2,285,000 6,385,000 Canadian Dollar senior unsecured notes (2) 
 221,970 221,970 Pounds Sterling senior unsecured notes (2) 
 1,406,790 736,890 669,900 U.S. Dollar term credit facility 1,010,000 10,000 1,000,000 Canadian Dollar term credit facility (2) 
 184,975 184,975 Secured debt: (1,2) 
 Consolidated 2,581,878 96,016 510,785 606,507 1,368,570 Unconsolidated 870,888 98,880 545,788 100,788 125,432 Contractual interest obligations: (3) 
 Senior unsecured notes and term loans (2) 
 3,328,995 174,199 948,908 719,559 1,486,329 Consolidated secured debt (2) 
 636,414 27,860 186,563 134,767 287,224 Unconsolidated secured debt (2) 
 51,502 7,748 25,668 10,225 7,861 Financing lease liabilities (4) 
 427,281 1,087 9,405 9,299 407,490 Operating lease liabilities (4) 
 945,715 5,131 34,006 32,963 873,615 Purchase obligations (5) 
 868,203 295,683 558,390 401 13,729 Total contractual obligations 23,154,611 706,604 4,779,513 6,043,344 11,625,150 (1) Amounts represent principal amounts due and do not reflect unamortized premiums/discounts or other fair value adjustments as reflected on the balance sheet. 
 (2) Based on foreign currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date. 
 (3) Based on variable interest rates in effect as of the balance sheet date. 
 (4) See Note 6 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 (5) See Note 13 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. Excludes amounts related to asset acquisitions under contract that have not yet closed as of September 30, 2024, including the acquisitions described in Note 3. 

Capital Structure 
 Please refer to "Credit Strength" above for a discussion of our leverage and coverage ratio trends. Our debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. Certain agreements require us to maintain financial ratios and minimum net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and make investments or acquisitions. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance in all material respects with the covenants under our debt agreements. None of our debt agreements contain provisions for acceleration which could be triggered by our debt ratings. 
 38 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 However, under our primary unsecured credit facility, the ratings on our senior unsecured notes are used to determine the fees and interest charged. We plan to manage the company to maintain compliance with our debt covenants and with a capital structure consistent with our current profile. Any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any or all of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. 
 On April 1, 2022, Welltower and Welltower OP jointly filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") an open-ended automatic or universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the "Shelf Form S-3") covering an indeterminate amount of future offerings of Welltower's debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, guarantees of debt securities issued by Welltower OP, warrants and units and Welltower OP s debt securities and guarantees of debt securities issued by Welltower. On April 1, 2022, Welltower also filed with the SEC a registration statement in connection with its enhanced dividend reinvestment plan ("DRIP") under which it may issue up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock. On May 3, 2023, Welltower and Welltower OP filed post-effective amendment no. 1 to the Shelf Form S-3 pursuant to which Welltower OP expressly adopted the Shelf Form S-3 as its own registration statement following its statutory conversion from a corporation to a limited liability company. As of October 25, 2024 , 15,000,000 sha res of common stock remained available for issuance under the DRIP registration statement. 
 On April 30, 2024, Welltower and Welltower OP entered into an equity distribution agreement (the "EDA") with (i) Barclays Capital Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., BOK Financial Securities, Inc., Capital One Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citizens JMP Securities, LLC, Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Fifth Third Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Loop Capital Markets LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Regions Securities LLC, Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., Synovus Securities, Inc., TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as sales agents and forward sellers and (ii) the forward purchasers named therein relating to issuances, offers and sales from time to time of up to 3,500,000,000 aggregate amount of common stock of Welltower (together with the existing master forward sale confirmations relating thereto, the "ATM Program"). The ATM Program also allows Welltower to enter into forward sale agreements. As of October 25, 2024, we had approximately 696,822,000 of remaining capacity under the ATM Program and there were no outstanding forward sales agreements. Depending upon market conditions, we anticipate issuing securities under our registration statements to invest in addi tional properties and to repay borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. 
 In connection with the filing of the Shelf Form S-3, Welltower also filed with the SEC a prospectus supplement that will continue an offering that was previously covered by a prior registration statement relating to the registration of up to 475,327 shares of common stock of Welltower Inc. (the "DownREIT II Shares") that may be issued from time to time if, and to the extent that, certain holders of Class A units (the "DownREIT II Units") of HCN G L DownREIT II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "DownREIT II"), tender such DownREIT II Units for redemption by the DownREIT II, and HCN DownREIT Member, LLC, a majority-owned indirect subsidiary of Welltower (including its permitted successors and assigns, the "Managing Member"), or a designated affiliate of the Managing Member, elects to assume the redemption obligations of the DownREIT II and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing DownREIT II Shares to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount. On July 22, 2022, Welltower filed with the SEC a prospectus supplement relating to the registration of up to 300,026 shares of common stock of Welltower Inc. that may be issued from time to time if, and to the extent that, certain holders of Class A Common Units (the "OP Units") of Welltower OP tender the OP Units for redemption by Welltower OP, and Welltower Inc. elects to assume the redemption obligations of Welltower OP and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing shares of its common stock to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amo unt. On October 8, 2024, Welltower filed with the SEC a prospectus supplement relating to the registration of up to 23,471,419 shares of common stock of Welltower Inc. (the "Exchanged Shares") that may, under certain circumstances, be issuable upon exchange of 2.750 exchangeable senior notes due 2028 or 3.125 Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2029 of Welltower OP and the resale from time to time by the recipients of the Exchanged Shares. 
 
 Supplemental Guarantor Information 
 Welltower OP has issued the unsecured notes described in Note 11 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements. All unsecured notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Welltower, and Welltower OP is 99.701 own ed by Welltower as of September 30, 2024. Effective January 4, 2021, the SEC adopted amendments to the financial disclosure requirements applicable to registered debt offerings that include certain credit enhancements. We have adopted these new rules, which permits subsidiary issuers of obligations guaranteed by the parent to omit separate financial statements if the consolidated financial statements of the parent company have been filed, the subsidiary obligor is a consolidated subsidiary of the parent company, the guaranteed security is debt or debt-like, and the security is guaranteed fully and unconditionally by the parent. Accordingly, separate consolidated financial statements of Welltower OP have not been presented. Furthermore, Welltower and Welltower OP have no material assets, liabilities, or operations other than financing activities and their investments in non- 
 39 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 guarantor subsidiaries. Therefore, we meet the criteria in Rule 13-01 of Regulation S-X to omit the summarized financial information from our disclosures. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Summary 
 Our primary sources of revenue include resident fees and services, rent, interest income and interest earned on short-term deposits. Our primary expenses include property operating expenses, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, general and administrative expenses and other expenses. We evaluate our business and make resource allocations on our three business segments: Seniors Housing Operating, Triple-net and Outpatient Medical. The primary performance measures for our properties are NOI and same store NOI ("SSNOI") and other supplemental measures include FFO and Adjusted EBITDA, which are further discussed below. Please see Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information and reconciliations related to these supplemental measures. 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount Net income (loss) 456,800 134,722 322,078 239 849,104 269,699 579,405 215 NICS 449,849 127,470 322,379 253 831,709 256,183 575,526 225 FFO 635,817 419,124 216,693 52 1,686,293 1,271,368 414,925 33 EBITDA 994,923 635,152 359,771 57 2,423,169 1,754,474 668,695 38 NOI 842,962 666,740 176,222 26 2,319,377 1,976,522 342,855 17 SSNOI 539,909 482,198 57,711 12 1,472,719 1,330,919 141,800 11 Per share data (fully diluted): NICS 0.73 0.24 0.49 204 1.39 0.50 0.89 178 FFO 1.03 0.80 0.23 29 2.81 2.51 0.30 12 Interest coverage ratio 6.83 x 3.88 x 2.95 x 76 5.55 x 3.72 x 1.83 x 49 Fixed charge coverage ratio 6.37 x 3.60 x 2.77 x 77 5.17 x 3.42 x 1.75 x 51 
 40 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Seniors Housing Operating 
 The following is a summary of our results of operations for the Seniors Housing Operating segment (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Resident fees and services 1,511,524 1,199,808 311,716 26 4,265,271 3,490,942 774,329 22 Interest income 16,328 2,194 14,134 644 37,428 6,840 30,588 447 Other income 2,498 1,897 601 32 5,861 7,237 (1,376) (19) Total revenues 1,530,350 1,203,899 326,451 27 4,308,560 3,505,019 803,541 23 Property operating expenses 1,135,887 918,990 216,897 24 3,190,140 2,687,961 502,179 19 NOI (1) 
 394,463 284,909 109,554 38 1,118,420 817,058 301,362 37 Other expenses: Depreciation and amortization 279,693 215,195 64,498 30 770,020 656,030 113,990 17 Interest expense 8,742 14,358 (5,616) (39) 27,254 41,981 (14,727) (35) Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net n/a 1,711 1,711 n/a Provision for loan losses, net 5,543 384 5,159 n/a 13,253 2,178 11,075 508 Impairment of assets 20,887 2,400 18,487 770 65,996 15,029 50,967 339 Other expenses 17,914 34,865 (16,951) (49) 64,395 60,504 3,891 6 332,779 267,202 65,577 25 942,629 775,722 166,907 22 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and other items 61,684 17,707 43,977 248 175,791 41,336 134,455 325 Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities 4,247 (6,021) 10,268 171 (2,546) (61,055) 58,509 96 Gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net 63 71,173 (71,110) (100) 141,726 69,910 71,816 103 Income (loss) from continuing operations 65,994 82,859 (16,865) (20) 314,971 50,191 264,780 528 Net income (loss) 65,994 82,859 (16,865) (20) 314,971 50,191 264,780 528 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (465) 1,208 (1,673) (138) (1,909) (4,981) 3,072 62 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 66,459 81,651 (15,192) (19) 316,880 55,172 261,708 474 (1) See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for additional information and reconciliations. 
 
 Resident fees and services and property operating expenses increased for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to acquisitions and construction conversions outpacing dispositions during 2023 and year to date 2024, as well as the conversion of Triple-net properties to Seniors Housing Operating RIDEA structures in the second and third quarters of 2024. Additionally, our Seniors Housing Operating revenues are dependent on occupancy and rate growth, both of which have continued to steadily increase from prior year. Average occupancy is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended (1) 
 March 31, June 30, September 30, December 31, 2023 79.0 79.6 80.7 82.2 2024 82.5 82.8 83.8 
 (1) Average occupancy includes our minority ownership share related to unconsolidated properties and excludes the minority partners' noncontrolling ownership share related to consolidated properties. Also excludes land parcels and properties under development. 
 Interest income increased for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to an increase in third party real estate loans in connection with the various transactions that occurred during 2023 and year to date 2024. The provisions for loan losses will fluctuate based on our third party loan activity. 
 The following is a summary of our SSNOI at Welltower's share for the Seniors Housing Operating segment (dollars in thousands): 
 QTD Pool YTD Pool Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 SSNOI (1) 
 277,912 229,596 48,316 21.0 720,750 604,928 115,822 19.1 
 (1) For the QTD Pool and YTD Pool, amounts rel ate to 620 and 547 sa me store properties, respectively. Please see "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for additional information and reconciliations. 
 41 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Depreciation and amortization expense fluctuates as a result of acquisitions, dispositions and transitions. To the extent that we acquire, develop or dispose of additional properties in the future, our provision for depreciation and amortization will change accordingly. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , we recorded 65,996,000 of impairment charges related to fourteen properties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded impairment charges of 15,029,000 related to six properties. 
 Transaction costs related to asset acquisitions are capitalized as a component of the purchase price. The fluctuation in other expenses is primarily due to the timing of noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with acquisitions and operator transitions. In April 2024, we reached an agreement to transition 89 Atria Senior Living properties to six of our existing operating partners. In conjunction with the termination of the property management agreements, we recognized 26 million within other expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income during the second quarter in excess of amounts already accrued. As of September 30, 2024, we have transitioned operations for all 89 properties . 
 Changes in the gain on sales of properties are related to the volume and timing of property sales and the sales prices which are further discussed in Note 5 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed construction conversions representing 462,246,000 or 379,824 per unit. The following is a summary of our consolidated Seniors Housing Operating construction projects in process, excluding expansions (dollars in thousands): 
 As of September 30, 2024 Expected Conversion Year (1) 
 Properties Units/Beds Anticipated Remaining Funding Construction in Progress Balance 2024 6 1,171 44,253 366,086 2025 12 2,251 214,528 484,445 2026 6 1,102 224,945 71,929 TBD (2) 
 5 67,332 Total 29 989,792 (1) Properties expected to be converted in phases over multiple years are reflected in the last expected year. 
 (2) Represents projects for which a final budget or expected conversion date are not yet known. 
 
 Interest expense represents secured debt interest expense, which fluctuates based on the net effect and timing of assumptions, segment transitions, fluctuations in foreign currency rates, extinguishments and principal amortizations. The fluctuations in loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt is primarily attributable to the volume of extinguishments and terms of the related secured debt. 
 The following is a summary of our Seniors Housing Operating segment property secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Beginning balance 1,550,164 2,094,793 1,955,048 1,701,939 Debt transferred 27,084 27,084 Debt issued 836 7,907 3,708 381,369 Debt assumed 364,130 270,352 364,130 297,282 Debt extinguished (284,748) (196,939) (288,063) Debt disposed (1) 
 (164,640) Principal payments (9,597) (11,288) (29,580) (36,292) Foreign currency 6,070 (20,969) (20,124) (188) Ending balance 1,938,687 2,056,047 1,938,687 2,056,047 Ending weighted average interest 4.44 4.83 4.44 4.83 (1) Please see Note 5 for additional information. 
 
 The majority of our Seniors Housing Operating properties are formed through partnership interests. Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities represents our share of net income or losses from partnerships where we are the noncontrolling partner. Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes an impairment charge of 28,708,000 related to an unconsolidated management company. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners share of net income (loss) related to joint ventures. 
 42 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Triple-net 
 The following is a summary of our results of operations for the Triple-net segment (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental income 227,531 194,912 32,619 17 590,426 596,247 (5,821) (1) Interest income 51,866 39,928 11,938 30 145,183 110,211 34,972 32 Other income 1,118 1,482 (364) (25) 3,248 70,057 (66,809) (95) Total revenues 280,515 236,322 44,193 19 738,857 776,515 (37,658) (5) Property operating expenses 9,345 10,044 (699) (7) 30,657 32,365 (1,708) (5) NOI (1) 
 271,170 226,278 44,892 20 708,200 744,150 (35,950) (5) Other expenses: Depreciation and amortization 57,583 58,196 (613) (1) 181,884 167,958 13,926 8 Interest expense 90 374 (284) (76) 800 (436) 1,236 283 Loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net (9,906) 2,885 (12,791) (443) (18,785) 5,095 (23,880) (469) Provision for loan losses, net (1,345) 3,675 (5,020) (137) (2,874) 5,116 (7,990) (156) Impairment of assets 2,534 4,988 (2,454) (49) 3,150 6,074 (2,924) (48) Other expenses 2,445 1,627 818 50 12,070 4,912 7,158 146 51,401 71,745 (20,344) (28) 176,245 188,719 (12,474) (7) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and other items 219,769 154,533 65,236 42 531,955 555,431 (23,476) (4) Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities (8,680) 2,056 (10,736) (522) (9,219) 9,858 (19,077) (194) Gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net 272,334 (12) 272,346 n/a 293,628 436 293,192 n/a Income (loss) from continuing operations 483,423 156,577 326,846 209 816,364 565,725 250,639 44 Net income (loss) 483,423 156,577 326,846 209 816,364 565,725 250,639 44 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 5,523 5,686 (163) (3) 16,494 17,776 (1,282) (7) Net income attributable to common stockholders 477,900 150,891 327,009 217 799,870 547,949 251,921 46 (1) See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for additional information and reconciliations. 
 
 The increase in rental income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to acquisitions, partially offset by the transition of Triple-net properties to Seniors Housing Operating structures during the second and third quarter of 2024, as well as annual rent increases. 
 The decrease in rental income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to the write-off of straight-line receivable and unamortized lease incentive balances of 97,674,000, related to leases for which the collection of substantially all contractual lease payments was no longer deemed probable due primarily to agreements reached to convert Triple-net properties to Seniors Housing Operating RIDEA structures, partially offset by increases in rent due to acquisitions and annual rent increases. Fo r the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had leases with rental rate increases ranging from 0.05 to 20.05 in our Triple-net portfolio. Certain of our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the Consumer Price Index and/or changes in the gross operating revenues of the tenant s properties. These escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. If gross operating revenues at our facilities and/or the Consumer Price Index do not increase, a portion of our revenues may not continue to increase. 
 The increase in interest income is primarily driven by increased advances on loans receivable during the second half of 2023. 
 As part of the substantial exit of the Genesis HealthCare operating relationship, which we disclosed on March 2, 2021, we transitioned the sublease of a portfolio of seven facilities from Genesis HealthCare to Complete Care Management in the second quarter of 2021. As part of the March 2021 transaction, we entered into a forward sale agreement for the seven properties valued at 182,618,000, which was expected to close when the Welltower-held purchase option became exercisable. As of March 31, 2023, the right of use assets related to the properties were 115,359,000 and were reflected as held for sale with the corresponding lease liabilities of 66,530,000 on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 On May 1, 2023, we executed a series of transactions that included the assignment of the leasehold interest to a newly formed tri-party unconsolidated joint venture together with Aurora Health Network, Peace Capital (an affiliate of Complete Care Management) and us, and culminated with the closing of the purchase option by the joint venture. The transactions resulted in 
 43 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 net cash proceeds to us of 104,240,000 after our retained interest of 11,571,000 in the joint venture and a gain from the loss of control and derecognition of the leasehold interest of 65,485,000, which we recorded in other income within our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 The following is a summary of our SSNOI at Welltower's share for the Triple-net segment (dollars in thousands): 
 QTD Pool YTD Pool Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 SSNOI (1) 
 134,513 128,789 5,724 4.4 390,178 371,950 18,228 4.9 
 (1) For the QTD Pool and YTD Pool, amounts relate to 458 and 450 same store properties, respectively. Please see "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for additional information and reconciliations. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense fluctuates as a result of the acquisitions, dispositions and segment transitions of Triple-net properties. To the extent we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, our provision for depreciation and amortization will change accordingly. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded an impairment charge of 3,150,000 related to two properties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded impairment charges of 6,074,000 related to two properties. Transaction costs related to asset acquisitions are capitalized as a component of purchase price. The fluctuation in other expenses is primarily due to noncapitalizable transaction costs from acquisitions and segment transitions. 
 Changes in the gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net were related to the volume and timing and price of related transactions. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company, which held a 25 minority interest in an existing joint venture that owned 39 properties subject to triple-net leases with two tenants, acquired the remaining beneficial interest for 205,029,000 in cash, net of cash and restricted cash acquired. We evaluated the acquisition and determined that the entity meets the criteria of a variable interest entity ("VIE"). We consolidated the joint venture upon acquisition of the beneficial interests and recorded a gain on change of control of interests of 179,770,000 in gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 Additionally, on September 30, 2024, we reached agreements with our tenant to sell 15 properties, which are included in two master leases previously classified as operating leases. As a result of the agreement to sell the properties, the two leases were classified as sales-type leases and 92,593,000 was recognized in gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net. 
 Loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net is primarily attributable to the mark-to-market of the equity warrants received as part of the HC-One transactions that closed in 2021 and 2023. 
 Interest expense represents secured debt interest expense and related fees. The change in secured debt interest expense is due to the net effect and timing of assumptions, segment transitions, fluctuations in foreign currency rates, extinguishments and principal amortizations. The following is a summary of our Triple-net secured debt principal activity for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Beginning balance 37,787 38,723 38,260 39,179 Debt transferred (27,084) (27,084) Debt assumed 532,575 532,575 Principal payments (76) (228) (549) (684) Ending balance 543,202 38,495 543,202 38,495 Ending weighted average interest 4.01 4.39 4.01 4.39 
 A portion of our Triple-net properties were formed through partnerships. Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities represents our share of net income or losses from partnerships where we are the noncontrolling partner. The fluctuation in income (loss) from unconsolidated entities from the prior year relates primarily to the timing and amount of hypothetical liquidation at book value adjustments related to in substance real estate investments. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners share of net income relating to those partnerships where we are the controlling partner. 
 44 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Outpatient Medical 
 The following is a summary of our results of operations for the Outpatient Medical segment for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental income 202,955 189,595 13,360 7 593,523 555,758 37,765 7 Interest income 852 98 754 769 2,552 284 2,268 799 Other income 2,040 2,265 (225) (10) 7,019 6,939 80 1 Total revenues 205,847 191,958 13,889 7 603,094 562,981 40,113 7 Property operating expenses 62,778 62,204 574 1 186,426 179,266 7,160 4 NOI (1) 
 143,069 129,754 13,315 10 416,668 383,715 32,953 9 Other expenses: Depreciation and amortization 66,503 65,923 580 1 199,783 196,383 3,400 2 Interest expense (573) 2,313 (2,886) (125) 2,455 9,569 (7,114) (74) Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 1 (1) (100) 7 (7) (100) Provision for loan losses, net (5) (5) n/a (9) (2) (7) (350) Other expenses (500) 1,117 (1,617) (145) 440 2,311 (1,871) (81) 65,425 69,354 (3,929) (6) 202,669 208,268 (5,599) (3) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and other items 77,644 60,400 17,244 29 213,999 175,447 38,552 22 Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities 395 (66) 461 698 4,840 (237) 5,077 n/a Gain (loss) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net (131) (59) (72) (122) 8,062 (665) 8,727 n/a Income (loss) from continuing operations 77,908 60,275 17,633 29 226,901 174,545 52,356 30 Net income (loss) 77,908 60,275 17,633 29 226,901 174,545 52,356 30 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 609 636 (27) (4) 475 1,627 (1,152) (71) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 77,299 59,639 17,660 30 226,426 172,918 53,508 31 (1) See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for additional information and reconciliations. 
 
 Rental income has increased due primarily to acquisitions and construction conversions that occurred during 2023 and year to date in 2024. Certain of our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the Consumer Price Index. These escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. If the Consumer Price Index does not increase, a portion of our revenues may not continue to increase. Our leases could renew above or below current rental rates, resulting in an increase or decrease in rental income. F or the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our consolidated Outpatient Medical portfolio signed 314,579 square feet of new leases and 1,536,738 square feet of renewals. The weighted-average term of these leases was 8 years, with a rate of 42.01 per square foot and tenant improvement and lease commission costs of 31.84 per square foot. Substantially all of these leases contain an annual fixed or contingent escalation rent structure ranging from 2.0 to 5.0 . 
 The fluctuation in property operating expenses and depreciation and amortization are primarily attributable to acquisitions and construction conversions that occurred during 2023 and year to date in 2024. To the extent we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, these expenses will change accordingly. Changes in the gain on sales of properties are related to the volume and timing of property sales and the sales prices. 
 The following is a summary of our SSNOI at Welltower's share for the Outpatient Medical segment (dollars in thousands): 
 QTD Pool YTD Pool Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 SSNOI (1) 
 127,484 123,813 3,671 3.0 361,791 354,041 7,750 2.2 
 (1) For the QTD Pool and YTD, amounts relate to 412 and 381 same store properties, respectively. Please see "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for additional information and reconciliations. 
 45 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed construction conversions representing 162,699,000 or 641 per square foot. The following is a summary of our consolidated Outpatient Medical construction projects in process, excluding expansions (dollars in thousands): 
 As of September 30, 2024 Expected Conversion Year Properties Square Feet Anticipated Remaining Funding Construction in Progress Balance 2024 5 345,629 55,123 179,195 2025 5 355,794 107,913 94,415 TBD (1) 
 1 33,912 Total 11 307,522 (1) Represents projects for which a final budget or expected conversion date are not yet known. 
 
 Total interest expense represents secured debt interest expense. The change in secured debt interest expense is primarily due to the net effect and timing of assumptions, extinguishments and principal amortizations. The following is a summary of our Outpatie nt Medical secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Beginning balance 212,733 363,075 229,137 388,836 Debt assumed 46,741 Debt extinguished (112,000) (40,137) (126,866) (109,318) Principal payments (744) (1,349) (2,282) (4,670) Ending balance 99,989 321,589 99,989 321,589 Ending weighted average interest 4.19 4.87 4.19 4.87 
 A portion of our Outpatient Medical properties were formed through partnerships. Income or loss from unconsolidated entities represents our share of net income or losses from partnerships where we are the noncontrolling partner. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners share of net income or loss relating to those partnerships where we are the controlling partner. 
 46 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Non-Segment/Corporate 
 The following is a summary of our results of operations for the Non-Segment/Corporate activities for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Other income 38,951 29,834 9,117 31 89,777 43,705 46,072 105 Total revenues 38,951 29,834 9,117 31 89,777 43,705 46,072 105 Property operating expenses 4,691 4,035 656 16 13,688 12,106 1,582 13 Consolidated net operating income (loss) (1) 
 34,260 25,799 8,461 33 76,089 31,599 44,490 141 Expenses: Interest expense 130,791 139,487 (8,696) (6) 389,283 402,158 (12,875) (3) General and administrative expenses 77,901 46,106 31,795 69 186,784 134,764 52,020 39 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 419 419 n/a 419 419 n/a Other expenses 380 611 (231) (38) 6,149 4,307 1,842 43 209,491 186,204 23,287 13 582,635 541,229 41,406 8 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and other items (175,231) (160,405) (14,826) (9) (506,546) (509,630) 3,084 1 Income tax benefit (expense) 4,706 (4,584) 9,290 203 (2,586) (11,132) 8,546 77 Income (loss) from continuing operations (170,525) (164,989) (5,536) (3) (509,132) (520,762) 11,630 2 Net income (loss) (170,525) (164,989) (5,536) (3) (509,132) (520,762) 11,630 2 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 1,284 (278) 1,562 562 2,335 (906) 3,241 358 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders (171,809) (164,711) (7,098) (4) (511,467) (519,856) 8,389 2 (1) See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for additional information and reconciliations. 
 
 The increase in other income for nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 is primarily due to interest earned on deposits. Property operating expenses represent insurance costs related to our captive insurance company, which acts as a direct insurer of property level insurance coverage for our portfolio. 
 The following is a summary of our Non-Segment/Corporate interest expense for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Senior unsecured notes 122,059 133,173 (11,114) (8) 368,231 379,438 (11,207) (3) Unsecured credit facility and commercial paper program 1,597 1,552 45 3 4,665 5,425 (760) (14) Loan expense 7,135 4,762 2,373 50 16,387 17,295 (908) (5) Totals 130,791 139,487 (8,696) (6) 389,283 402,158 (12,875) (3) 
 The change in interest expense on senior unsecured notes is due to the net effect of issuances and extinguishments, as well as the movement in foreign exchange rates and related hedge activity. Please refer to Note 11 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. The change in interest expense on our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program is due primarily to the net effect and timing of draws, paydowns and variable interest rate changes. Please refer to Note 10 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. Loan expenses represent the amortization of costs incurred in connection with senior unsecured notes issuances. 
 General and administrative expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 3.25 and 2.76 , respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 29,838,000 as a cumulative catch up of stock compensation expense due to the change in the probability of achievement of specific performance goals related to special non-recurring performance-based stock option and restricted stock awards granted in December 2021 and January 2022. Please refer to Note 15 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. The additional increase in general and administrative expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by compensation costs associated with increased employee headcount. 
 47 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Other 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders, as defined by U.S. GAAP, are the most appropriate earnings measurements. However, we consider FFO, NOI, SSNOI, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with U.S. GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time as evidenced by the provision for depreciation. However, since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors and analysts have considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient. In response, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT") created funds from operations attributable to common stockholders ("FFO") as a supplemental measure of operating performance for REITs that excludes historical cost depreciation from net income. FFO, as defined by NAREIT, means NICS, computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate and acquisitions of controlling interests, and impairment of depreciable assets, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests. 
 NOI is used to evaluate the operating performance of our properties. We define NOI as total revenues, including tenant reimbursements, less property operating expenses. Property operating expenses represent costs associated with managing, maintaining and servicing tenants for our properties. These expenses include, but are not limited to, property-related payroll and benefits, property management fees paid to managers, marketing, housekeeping, food service, maintenance, utilities, property taxes and insurance. General and administrative expenses represent general overhead costs that are unrelated to property operations and unallocable to the properties. These expenses include, but are not limited to, payroll and benefits related to corporate employees, professional services, office expenses and depreciation of corporate fixed assets. Same store NOI ("SSNOI") is used to evaluate the operating performance of our properties using a consistent population which controls for changes in the composition of our portfolio. We believe the drivers of property level NOI for both consolidated properties and unconsolidated properties are generally the same and therefore, we evaluate SSNOI based on our ownership interest in each property ("Welltower Share"). To arrive at Welltower's Share, NOI is adjusted by adding our minority ownership share related to unconsolidated properties and by subtracting the minority partners' noncontrolling ownership interests for consolidated properties. We do not control investments in unconsolidated properties and while we consider disclosures at Welltower Share to be useful, they may not accurately depict the legal and economic implications of our joint venture arrangements and should be used with caution. As used herein, same store is generally defined as those revenue-generating properties in the portfolio for the relevant year-over-year reporting periods. Acquisitions and development conversions are included in SSNOI five full quarters or seven full quarters after acquisition or being placed into service for the QTD Pool and YTD Pool, respectively. Land parcels, loans and sub-leases, as well as any properties sold or classified as held for sale during the respective periods are excluded from SSNOI. Redeveloped properties (including major refurbishments of a Seniors Housing Operating property where 20 or more of units are simultaneously taken out of commission for 30 days or more or Outpatient Medical properties undergoing a change in intended use) are excluded from SSNOI until five full quarters or seven full quarters post completion of the redevelopment for the QTD Pool and YTD Pool, respectively. Properties undergoing operator transitions and/or segment transitions are also excluded from SSNOI until five full quarters or seven full quarters post completion of the transition for the QTD Pool and YTD Pool, respectively. In addition, properties significantly impacted by force majeure, acts of God, or other extraordinary adverse events are excluded from SSNOI until five full quarters or seven full quarters after the properties are placed back into service for the QTD Pool and YTD Pool, respectively. SSNOI excludes non-cash NOI and includes adjustments to present consistent ownership percentages and to translate Canadian properties and U.K. properties using a consistent exchange rate. We believe NOI and SSNOI provide investors relevant and useful information because they measure the operating performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. We use NOI and SSNOI to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level performance of our properties. 
 EBITDA is defined as earnings (net income) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA excluding unconsolidated entities and including adjustments for stock-based compensation expense, provision for loan losses, gains/losses on extinguishment of debt, gains/losses on disposition of properties and acquisitions of controlling interests, impairment of assets, gains/losses on derivatives and financial instruments, other expenses, other impairment charges and other adjustments as deemed appropriate. We believe that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, along with net income, are important supplemental measures because they provide additional information to assess and evaluate the performance of our operations. We primarily use these measures to determine our interest coverage ratio, which represents EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA divided by total interest, and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA divided by fixed charges. Fixed charges include total interest and secured debt principal amortization. Covenants in our unsecured senior notes and primary credit facility contain financial ratios based on a definition of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA that is specific to those agreements. Our leverage ratios are defined as the proportion of net debt to total capitalization and include book capitalization, undepreciated book capitalization and enterprise value. Book capitalization represents the sum of net debt (defined as total long-term debt, excluding operating lease liabilities, less cash and cash 
 
 48 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 equivalents and restricted cash), total equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests. Undepreciated book capitalization represents book capitalization adjusted for accumulated depreciation and amortization. Enterprise value represents book capitalization adjusted for the fair market value of our common stock. 
 Our supplemental reporting measures and similarly entitled financial measures are widely used by investors, equity and debt analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, rating and investment recommendations of companies. Management uses these financial measures to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results and in making operating decisions. Additionally, these measures are utilized by the Board of Directors to evaluate management. None of our supplemental measures represent net income or cash flow provided from operating activities as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as alternative measures of profitability or liquidity. Finally, the supplemental measures, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly entitled items reported by other real estate investment trusts or other companies. 
 
 The tables below reflect the reconciliation of FFO to NICS, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented. Noncontrolling interest and unconsolidated entity amounts represent adjustments to reflect our share of depreciation and amortization, gains/loss on real estate dispositio ns and acquisitions of controlling interests, a nd impairment of assets. Amounts are in thousands except for per share data. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31, FFO Reconciliation: 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 449,849 254,714 127,146 83,911 127,470 103,040 25,673 Depreciation and amortization 403,779 382,045 365,863 380,730 339,314 341,945 339,112 Impairment of assets 23,421 2,394 43,331 14,994 7,388 1,086 12,629 Loss (gain) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net (272,266) (166,443) (4,707) 1,783 (71,102) 2,168 (747) Noncontrolling interests (5,801) (6,348) (11,996) (11,436) (8,789) (12,841) (13,327) Unconsolidated entities 36,835 27,411 37,066 21,877 24,843 30,784 22,722 FFO 635,817 493,773 556,703 491,859 419,124 466,182 386,062 Average diluted shares outstanding 618,306 604,563 577,530 552,380 525,138 501,970 494,494 Per diluted share data: Net income attributable to common stockholders (1) 
 0.73 0.42 0.22 0.15 0.24 0.20 0.05 FFO 1.03 0.82 0.96 0.89 0.80 0.93 0.78 (1) Includes adjustment to the numerator for income (loss) attributable to OP Unitholders. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, FFO Reconciliations: 2024 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 831,709 256,183 Depreciation and amortization 1,151,687 1,020,371 Impairment of assets 69,146 21,103 Loss (gain) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net (443,416) (69,681) Noncontrolling interests (24,145) (34,957) Unconsolidated entities 101,312 78,349 FFO 1,686,293 1,271,368 Average diluted common shares outstanding: 600,191 507,353 Per diluted share data: Net income attributable to common stockholders (1) 
 1.39 0.50 FFO 2.81 2.51 (1) Includes adjustment to the numerator for income (loss) attributable to OP unitholders. 
 
 49 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The tables below reflect the reconciliation of consolidated NOI to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31, NOI Reconciliations: 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Net income (loss) 456,800 260,670 131,634 88,440 134,722 106,342 28,635 Loss (gain) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net (272,266) (166,443) (4,707) 1,783 (71,102) 2,168 (747) Loss (income) from unconsolidated entities 4,038 (4,896) 7,783 2,008 4,031 40,332 7,071 Income tax expense (benefit) (4,706) 1,101 6,191 (4,768) 4,584 3,503 3,045 Other expenses 20,239 48,684 14,131 36,307 38,220 11,069 22,745 Impairment of assets 23,421 2,394 43,331 14,994 7,388 1,086 12,629 Provision for loan losses, net 4,193 5,163 1,014 2,517 4,059 2,456 777 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 419 1,705 6 1 1 5 Loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net (9,906) (5,825) (3,054) (7,215) 2,885 1,280 930 General and administrative expenses 77,901 55,565 53,318 44,327 46,106 44,287 44,371 Depreciation and amortization 403,779 382,045 365,863 380,730 339,314 341,945 339,112 Interest expense 139,050 133,424 147,318 154,574 156,532 152,337 144,403 Consolidated net operating income (NOI) 842,962 713,587 762,828 713,697 666,740 706,806 602,976 NOI by segment: Seniors Housing Operating 394,463 376,544 347,413 301,077 284,909 279,252 252,897 Triple-net 271,170 178,115 258,915 256,985 226,278 291,530 226,342 Outpatient Medical 143,069 136,900 136,699 135,484 129,754 127,495 126,466 Non-segment/corporate 34,260 22,028 19,801 20,151 25,799 8,529 (2,729) Total NOI 842,962 713,587 762,828 713,697 666,740 706,806 602,976 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, NOI Reconciliations: 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 849,104 269,699 Loss (gain) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net (443,416) (69,681) Loss (income) from unconsolidated entities 6,925 51,434 Income tax expense (benefit) 2,586 11,132 Other expenses 83,054 72,034 Impairment of assets 69,146 21,103 Provision for loan losses, net 10,370 7,292 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 2,130 7 Loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net (18,785) 5,095 General and administrative expenses 186,784 134,764 Depreciation and amortization 1,151,687 1,020,371 Interest expense 419,792 453,272 Consolidated net operating income (NOI) 2,319,377 1,976,522 NOI by segment: Seniors Housing Operating 1,118,420 817,058 Triple-net 708,200 744,150 Outpatient Medical 416,668 383,715 Non-segment/corporate 76,089 31,599 Total NOI 2,319,377 1,976,522 
 50 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following is a reconciliation of the properties included in our QTD Pool and YTD Pool for SSNOI: 
 QTD Pool YTD Pool SSNOI Property Reconciliations: Seniors Housing Operating Triple-net Outpatient Medical Total Seniors Housing Operating Triple-net Outpatient Medical Total Consolidated properties 
 1,008 606 371 1,985 1,008 606 371 1,985 Unconsolidated properties 
 76 76 152 76 76 152 Total properties 
 1,084 606 447 2,137 1,084 606 447 2,137 Recent acquisitions/development conversions (1) 
 (114) (92) (12) (218) (187) (100) (43) (330) Under development 
 (31) (11) (42) (31) (11) (42) Under redevelopment (2) 
 (2) (4) (6) (2) (4) (6) Current held for sale (23) (10) (33) (23) (10) (33) Land parcels, loans and subleases (3) 
 (15) (19) (9) (43) (15) (19) (9) (43) Transitions (4) 
 (271) (19) (290) (271) (19) (290) Other (5) 
 (8) (4) (3) (15) (8) (4) (3) (15) Same store properties 
 620 458 412 1,490 547 450 381 1,378 (1) Acquisitions and development conversions will enter the QTD Pool after five full quarters and YTD Pool after seven full quarters of acquisition or certificate of occupancy. 
 (2) Redevelopment properties will enter the QTD Pool after five full quarters and YTD Pool after seven full quarters of operations post redevelopment completion. 
 (3) Includes 15 Triple-net properties accounted for as sales-type leases expected to be sold to the tenant. 
 (4) Transitioned properties will enter the QTD Pool after five full quarters and YTD Pool after seven full quarters of operations with the new operator in place or under the new structure. 
 (5) Represents properties that are either closed or being closed. 
 
 51 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following is a reconciliation of our consolidated NOI to same store NOI for the periods presented for the QTD Pool and YTD Pool (dollars in thousands): 
 QTD Pool YTD Pool Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, SSNOI Reconciliations: 2024 2023 2024 2023 Seniors Housing Operating: Consolidated NOI 394,463 284,909 1,118,420 817,058 NOI attributable to unconsolidated investments 22,709 19,037 67,530 44,793 NOI attributable to noncontrolling interests (11,624) (15,656) (41,066) (47,891) NOI attributable to non-same store properties (125,424) (58,152) (423,300) (209,470) Non-cash NOI attributable to same store properties (840) (1,073) (438) (2,081) Currency and ownership adjustments (1) 
 (1,372) 531 (396) 2,519 SSNOI at Welltower Share 277,912 229,596 720,750 604,928 Triple-net: Consolidated NOI 271,170 226,278 708,200 744,150 NOI attributable to unconsolidated investments 5,214 5,705 16,177 21,863 NOI attributable to noncontrolling interests (8,028) (8,010) (24,076) (23,342) NOI attributable to non-same store properties (116,046) (74,338) (258,028) (307,696) Non-cash NOI attributable to same store properties (16,985) (20,509) (50,750) (62,971) Currency and ownership adjustments (1) 
 (812) (337) (1,345) (54) SSNOI at Welltower Share 134,513 128,789 390,178 371,950 Outpatient Medical: Consolidated NOI 143,069 129,754 416,668 383,715 NOI attributable to unconsolidated investments 4,120 4,746 13,144 14,338 NOI attributable to noncontrolling interests (2,382) (3,195) (7,406) (13,091) NOI attributable to non-same store properties (10,224) (3,194) (46,498) (22,206) Non-cash NOI attributable to same store properties (7,010) (5,131) (14,094) (14,868) Currency and ownership adjustments (1) 
 (89) 833 (23) 6,153 SSNOI at Welltower Share 127,484 123,813 361,791 354,041 SSNOI at Welltower Share: Seniors Housing Operating 277,912 229,596 720,750 604,928 Triple-net 134,513 128,789 390,178 371,950 Outpatient Medical 127,484 123,813 361,791 354,041 Total 539,909 482,198 1,472,719 1,330,919 (1) Includes adjustments to reflect consistent property ownership percentages, to translate Canadian properties at a USD/CAD rate of 1.36 and to translate U.K. properties at a GBP/USD rate of 1.25. 
 
 52 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The tables below reflect the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31, EBITDA Reconciliations: 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Net income (loss) 456,800 260,670 131,634 88,440 134,722 106,342 28,635 Interest expense 139,050 133,424 147,318 154,574 156,532 152,337 144,403 Income tax expense (benefit) (4,706) 1,101 6,191 (4,768) 4,584 3,503 3,045 Depreciation and amortization 403,779 382,045 365,863 380,730 339,314 341,945 339,112 EBITDA 994,923 777,240 651,006 618,976 635,152 604,127 515,195 Interest Coverage Ratio: Interest expense 139,050 133,424 147,318 154,574 156,532 152,337 144,403 Capitalized interest 15,668 14,478 13,809 14,547 13,947 11,870 10,335 Non-cash interest expense (9,008) (8,953) (9,284) (5,871) (6,716) (5,824) (5,083) Total interest 145,710 138,949 151,843 163,250 163,763 158,383 149,655 EBITDA 994,923 777,240 651,006 618,976 635,152 604,127 515,195 Interest coverage ratio 6.83 x 5.59 x 4.29 x 3.79 x 3.88 x 3.81 x 3.44 x Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio: Total interest 145,710 138,949 151,843 163,250 163,763 158,383 149,655 Secured debt principal payments 10,417 10,107 11,887 12,430 12,865 13,839 14,942 Total fixed charges 156,127 149,056 163,730 175,680 176,628 172,222 164,597 EBITDA 994,923 777,240 651,006 618,976 635,152 604,127 515,195 Fixed charge coverage ratio 6.37 x 5.21 x 3.98 x 3.52 x 3.60 x 3.51 x 3.13 x 

Nine Months Ended September 30, EBITDA Reconciliations: 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 849,104 269,699 Interest expense 419,792 453,272 Income tax expense (benefit) 2,586 11,132 Depreciation and amortization 1,151,687 1,020,371 EBITDA 2,423,169 1,754,474 Interest Coverage Ratio: Interest expense 419,792 453,272 Non-cash interest expense (27,245) (17,623) Capitalized interest 43,955 36,152 Total interest 436,502 471,801 EBITDA 2,423,169 1,754,474 Interest coverage ratio 5.55 x 3.72 x Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio: Total interest 436,502 471,801 Secured debt principal payments 32,411 41,646 Total fixed charges 468,913 513,447 EBITDA 2,423,169 1,754,474 Fixed charge coverage ratio 5.17 x 3.42 x 

53 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The table below reflects the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Twelve Months Ended September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31, Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliations: 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Net income (loss) 937,544 615,466 461,138 358,139 271,497 134,122 123,452 Interest expense 574,366 591,848 610,761 607,846 593,663 576,813 552,226 Income tax expense (benefit) (2,182) 7,108 9,510 6,364 7,044 5,717 5,279 Depreciation and amortization 1,532,417 1,467,952 1,427,852 1,401,101 1,362,657 1,377,042 1,345,392 EBITDA 3,042,145 2,682,374 2,509,261 2,373,450 2,234,861 2,093,694 2,026,349 Loss (income) from unconsolidated entities 8,933 8,926 54,154 53,442 56,084 58,751 25,477 Stock-based compensation expense 69,542 38,364 38,829 36,611 34,762 32,299 27,709 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net 2,130 1,712 8 7 94 95 697 Loss (gain) on real estate dispositions and acquisitions of controlling interests, net (441,633) (240,469) (71,858) (67,898) (65,258) 4,780 6,144 Impairment of assets 84,140 68,107 66,799 36,097 34,249 31,217 30,131 Provision for loan losses, net 12,887 12,753 10,046 9,809 17,761 14,192 11,098 Loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net (26,000) (13,209) (6,104) (2,120) 5,353 9,373 5,751 Other expenses 119,361 137,342 99,727 108,341 96,988 74,249 98,346 Lease termination and leasehold interest adjustment (1) 
 (65,485) (65,485) (65,485) (65,485) (56,397) Casualty losses, net of recoveries 8,373 6,163 7,778 10,107 16,446 15,760 14,865 Other impairment (2) 
 102,007 114,316 25,998 16,642 12,309 (620) Adjusted EBITDA 2,981,885 2,816,379 2,669,153 2,509,003 2,378,164 2,268,925 2,189,550 Adjusted Interest Coverage Ratio: Interest expense 574,366 591,848 610,761 607,846 593,663 576,813 552,226 Capitalized interest 58,502 56,781 54,173 50,699 45,914 40,830 35,347 Non-cash interest expense (33,116) (30,824) (27,695) (23,494) (21,903) (21,946) (22,728) Total interest 599,752 617,805 637,239 635,051 617,674 595,697 564,845 Adjusted EBITDA 2,981,885 2,816,379 2,669,153 2,509,003 2,378,164 2,268,925 2,189,550 Adjusted interest coverage ratio 4.97 x 4.56 x 4.19 x 3.95 x 3.85 x 3.81 x 3.88 x Adjusted Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio: Total interest 599,752 617,805 637,239 635,051 617,674 595,697 564,845 Secured debt principal payments 44,841 47,289 51,021 54,076 55,635 56,545 57,088 Total fixed charges 644,593 665,094 688,260 689,127 673,309 652,242 621,933 Adjusted EBITDA 2,981,885 2,816,379 2,669,153 2,509,003 2,378,164 2,268,925 2,189,550 Adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio 4.63 x 4.23 x 3.88 x 3.64 x 3.53 x 3.48 x 3.52 x (1) Primarily relates to the derecognition of leasehold interests and the gain recognized in other income. 
 (2) Represents the write-off or recovery of straight-line rent receivable and unamortized lease incentive balances relating to leases placed on cash recognition. 
 
 54 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Our leverage ratios include book capitalization, undepreciated book capitalization and enterprise value. Book capitalization represents the sum of net debt (defined as total long-term debt excluding operating lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash), total equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests. Undepreciated book capitalization represents book capitalization adjusted for accumulated depreciation and amortization. Enterprise value represents book capitalization adjusted for the fair market value of our common stock. Our leverage ratios are defined as the proportion of net debt to total capitalization. 
 The table below reflects the reconciliation of our leverage ratios to our balance sheets for the periods presented. Amounts are in thousands, except share price. 
 As of September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31, 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Book capitalization: Unsecured credit facility and commercial paper Long-term debt obligations (1) 
 15,854,937 14,027,128 14,285,686 15,815,226 15,899,420 16,040,530 15,074,320 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (3,784,408) (2,863,598) (2,478,335) (2,076,083) (2,686,711) (2,299,069) (638,796) Total net debt 12,070,529 11,163,530 11,807,351 13,739,143 13,212,709 13,741,461 14,435,524 Total equity and noncontrolling interests (2) 
 31,064,003 29,688,579 28,547,908 26,371,727 23,818,619 22,193,114 21,596,155 Book capitalization 43,134,532 40,852,109 40,355,259 40,110,870 37,031,328 35,934,575 36,031,679 Net debt to book capitalization ratio 28 27 29 34 36 38 40 Undepreciated book capitalization: Total net debt 12,070,529 11,163,530 11,807,351 13,739,143 13,212,709 13,741,461 14,435,524 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 10,276,509 9,908,007 9,537,562 9,274,814 8,868,627 8,599,622 8,417,151 Total equity and noncontrolling interests (2) 
 31,064,003 29,688,579 28,547,908 26,371,727 23,818,619 22,193,114 21,596,155 Undepreciated book capitalization 53,411,041 50,760,116 49,892,821 49,385,684 45,899,955 44,534,197 44,448,830 Net debt to undepreciated book capitalization ratio 23 22 24 28 29 31 32 Enterprise value: Common shares outstanding 618,396 608,151 590,934 564,241 532,268 508,159 496,295 Period end share price 128.03 104.25 93.44 90.17 81.92 80.89 71.69 Common equity market capitalization 79,173,240 63,399,742 55,216,873 50,877,611 43,603,395 41,104,982 35,579,389 Total net debt 12,070,529 11,163,530 11,807,351 13,739,143 13,212,709 13,741,461 14,435,524 Noncontrolling interests (2) 
 729,722 712,153 999,965 967,351 864,583 988,673 1,148,000 Consolidated enterprise value 91,973,491 75,275,425 68,024,189 65,584,105 57,680,687 55,835,116 51,162,913 Net debt to consolidated enterprise value ratio 13 15 17 21 23 25 28 (1) Amounts include senior unsecured notes, secured debt and lease liabilities related to financing leases, as reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Operating lease liabilities related to the ASC 842 adoption are excluded. 
 (2) Includes amounts attributable to both redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests as reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our unaudited consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions. Management considers an accounting estimate or assumption critical if: 
 the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and 
 the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material. 
 Management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our unaudited consolidated financial statements are appropriate and are not reasonably likely to change in the future. However, since these estimates require assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, they bear the risk of change. If actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts reflected in our unaudited consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. Please refer to Note 2 to our financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further information on significant accounting policies that impact us. There have been no material changes to these policies in 2024. 
 55 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may contain "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When Welltower uses words such as "may," "will," "intend," "should," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project," "pro forma," "estimate" or similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters, Welltower is making forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause Welltower's actual results to differ materially from Welltower's expectations discussed in the forward-looking statements. This may be a result of various factors, including, but not limited to: the status of the economy; the status of capital markets, including availability and cost of capital; issues facing the health care industry, including compliance with, and changes to, regulations and payment policies, responding to government investigations and punitive settlements and operators'/tenants' difficulty in cost effectively obtaining and maintaining adequate liability and other insurance; changes in financing terms; competition within the health care and seniors housing industries; negative developments in the operating results or financial condition of operators/tenants, including, but not limited to, their ability to pay rent and repay loans; Welltower's ability to transition or sell properties with profitable results; the failure to make new investments or acquisitions as and when anticipated; natural disasters, health emergencies (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) and other acts of God affecting Welltower's properties; Welltower's ability to re-lease space at similar rates as vacancies occur; Welltower's ability to timely reinvest sale proceeds at similar rates to assets sold; operator/tenant or joint venture partner bankruptcies or insolvencies; the cooperation of joint venture partners; government regulations affecting Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates and operational requirements; liability or contract claims by or against operators/tenants; unanticipated difficulties and/or expenditures relating to future investments or acquisitions; environmental laws affecting Welltower's properties; changes in rules or practices governing Welltower's financial reporting; the movement of U.S. and foreign currency exchange rates; Welltower's ability to maintain its qualification as a REIT; key management personnel recruitment and retention; and other risks described in Welltower s reports filed from time to time with the SEC. Other important factors are identified in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, including factors identified under the headings "Business," "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Finally, Welltower undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to various market risks, including the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We seek to mitigate the underlying foreign currency exposures with gains and losses on derivative contracts hedging these exposures. We seek to mitigate the effects of fluctuations in interest rates by matching the terms of new investments with new long-term fixed rate borrowings to the extent possible. We may or may not elect to use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate exposure. These decisions are principally based on our policy to match our variable rate investments with comparable borrowings, but are also based on the general trend in interest rates at the applicable dates and our perception of the future volatility of interest rates. This section is presented to provide a discussion of the risks associated with potential fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. For more information, see Notes 12 and 17 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We historically borrow on our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program to acquire, construct or make loans relating to health care and seniors housing properties. Then, as market conditions dictate, we will issue equity or long-term fixed rate debt to repay the borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. We are subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that existing indebtedness may not be refinanced or that the terms of refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of current indebtedness. The majority of our borrowings were completed under indentures or contractual agreements that limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. Accordingly, in the event that we are unable to raise additional equity or borrow money because of these limitations, our ability to acquire additional properties may be limited. 
 A change in interest rates will not affect the interest expense associated with our fixed rate debt. Interest rate changes, however, will affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt. Changes in the interest rate environment upon maturity of this fixed rate debt could have an effect on our future cash flows and earnings, depending on whether the debt is replaced with other fixed rate debt, variable rate debt or equity or repaid by the sale of assets. To illustrate the impact of changes in the interest rate markets, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our fixed rate debt instruments after considering the effects of interest rate swaps, whereby we modeled the change in net present values arising from a hypothetical 1 increase in interest rates to determine the instruments' change in fair value. The following table summarizes the analysis performed as of the dates indicated (in thousands): 
 56 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Principal Change in Principal Change in balance fair value balance fair value Senior unsecured notes 12,748,760 (519,319) 12,800,253 (515,723) Secured debt 2,329,154 (91,362) 1,625,364 (58,066) Totals 15,077,914 (610,681) 14,425,617 (573,789) 
 Our variable rate debt, including our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, is reflected at fair value. At September 30, 2024, we had 947,699,000 outstanding related to our variable rate debt after considering the effects of interest rate swaps. Assuming no changes in outstanding balances, a 1 increase in interest rates would result in increased annual interest expense of 9,477,000. At December 31, 2023, we had 1,496,447,000 outstanding under our variable rate debt. Assuming no changes in outstanding balances, a 1 increase in interest rates would have resulted in increased annual interest expense of 14,964,000. 
 We are subject to currency fluctuations that may, from time to time, affect our financial condition and results of operations. Increases or decreases in the value of the Canadian Dollar or British Pounds Sterling relative to the U.S. Dollar impact the amount of net income we earn from our investments in Canada and the United Kingdom. Based solely on our results for the three months ended September 30, 2024, including the impact of existing hedging arrangements, if these exchange rates were to increase or decrease by 10 , our annualized net income from these investments would increase or decrease, as applicable, by less than 20,000,000. We will continue to mitigate these underlying foreign currency exposures with non-U.S. denominated borrowings and gains and losses on derivative contracts. If we increase our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or development of, seniors housing and health care properties outside the U.S., we may also decide to transact additional business or borrow funds in currencies other than U.S. Dollars, Canadian Dollars or British Pounds Sterling. To illustrate the impact of changes in foreign currency markets, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our derivative portfolio whereby we modeled the change in net present values arising from a hypothetical 1 increase in foreign currency exchange rates to determine the instruments' change in fair value. The following table summarizes the results of the analysis performed (dollars in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Carrying Change in Carrying Change in Value fair value Value fair value Foreign currency exchange contracts 81,172 (44) 10,811 5,087 Debt designated as hedges 1,591,765 15,918 1,527,380 15,274 Totals 1,672,937 15,874 1,538,191 20,361 
 For additional information regarding fair values of financial instruments, see "Item 2 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies" and Notes 12 and 17 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file with or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. No changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 57 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, there are various legal proceedings pending against us that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Management does not believe that the resolution of any of these legal proceedings either individually or in the aggregate will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, from time to time, we are party to certain legal proceedings for which third parties, such as tenants, operators and/or managers are contractually obligated to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless. In some of these matters, the indemnitors have insurance for the potential damages. In other matters, we are being defended by tenants and other obligated third parties and these indemnitors may not have sufficient insurance, assets, income or resources to satisfy their defense and indemnification obligations to us. The unfavorable resolution of such legal proceedings could, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect the indemnitors ability to satisfy their respective obligations to us, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. It is management s opinion that there are currently no such legal proceedings pending that will, individually or in the aggregate, have such a material adverse effect. Despite management s view of the ultimate resolution of these legal proceedings, we may have significant legal expenses and costs associated with the defense of such matters. Further, management cannot predict the outcome of these legal proceedings and if management s expectation regarding such matters is not correct, such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors identified under the heading "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we acquired shares of our common stock held by employees who tendered shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of previously issued restricted stock awards. Specifically, the number of shares of common stock acquired from employees and the average prices paid per share for each month in the three months ended September 30, 2024 are as shown in the table below. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Repurchase Program Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Repurchase Program July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 696 105.65 3,000,000,000 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 442 105.34 3,000,000,000 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 668 120.68 3,000,000,000 Totals 1,806 111.13 3,000,000,000 
 Under the terms of various partnership agreements of certain of our affiliated limited partnerships, the interest of limited partners may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, for cash or common shares, at our option. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no OP Units were redeemed for common shares. 
 On November 7, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program for up to 3,000,000,000 of common stock (the "Stock Repurchase Program"). Under the Stock Repurchase Program, we are not required to purchase shares but may choose to do so in the open market or through privately-negotiated transactions, through block trades, by effecting a tender offer, by way of an accelerated share repurchase program, through the purchase of call options or the sale of put options, or otherwise, or by any combination of the foregoing. We expect to finance any share repurchases using available cash and may use proceeds from borrowings or debt offerings. The Stock Repurchase Program has no expiration date and does not obligate us to repurchase any specific number of shares. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock through the Stock Repurchase Program during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 (c) Trading Plans 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or Section 16 officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 58 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 10.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2024, by and among Welltower OP LLC, Welltower Inc. and the initial purchasers party thereto (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed July 11, 2024 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference thereto). 
 10.2 Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2024, by and among the Company; the lenders therein; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and L/C issuer; BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Securities LLC, as joint book runners; BofA Securities, as book runner; BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities LLC, as U.S. joint lead arrangers; BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, as Canadian joint lead arrangers; Bank of America, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Securities LLC as co-syndication agents; Bank of America, N.A. , as syndication agent; MUFG Bank, Ltd., Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., PNC Bank, National Association and Royal Bank of Canada, as co-documentation agents; BNP Paribas, Citizens Bank, N.A., Fifth Third Bank, National Association, The Huntington National Bank, Regions Bank, The Bank of Nova Scotia, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch, TD Bank, NA, Truist Bank, The Bank of New York Mellon, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., New York Branch and Bank of Montreal, as co-senior managing agents, Capital One, National Association, as managing agent and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as sustainability structuring agent (filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed July 29, 2024 (File No. 001-08923), and incorporated herein by reference there to). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer . 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by Chief Executive Officer. 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by Chief Financial Officer. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL 
 Certain instruments with respect to long-term debt of the Registrant and its consolidated subsidiaries are not filed herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K under which the total amount of securities authorized under each such instrument does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the Registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 59 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the under signed thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 WELLTOWER INC. 
 
 Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ SHANKH MITRA Shankh Mitra, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ TIMOTHY G. MCHUGH Timothy G. McHugh, Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ JOSHUA T. FIEWEGER Joshua T. Fieweger, Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 60 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit3113q24.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Shankh Mitra , certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Welltower Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 s SHANKH MITRA Shankh Mitra, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit3123q24.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Timothy G. McHugh , certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Welltower Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 s TIMOTHY G. MCHUGH 
 Timothy G. McHugh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit3213q24.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 I, Shankh Mitra, the Chief Executive Officer of Welltower Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), that (i) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s SHANKH MITRA Shankh Mitra, Chief Executive Officer 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit3223q24.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 I, Timothy G. McHugh, the Chief Financial Officer of Welltower Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), that (i) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s TIMOTHY G. MCHUGH 
 Timothy G. McHugh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 well-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 well-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 well-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 well-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 well-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

