<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-K-A_edgar_data_1657788_0001558370-24-015071.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10954341</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123435</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1563034</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3783985</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2057265</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3139592</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-015071.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108170049
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-015071
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001657788
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				475505475
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38005
		FILM NUMBER:		241441613

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 TAYLOR ST., SUITE 810
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		817-887-9976

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 TAYLOR ST., SUITE 810
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-015071.txt : 20241108

10-K/A
 1
 krp-20231231x10ka.htm
 10-K/A

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM (Amendment Number 1) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 1311 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common units held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2023, was million, based on the closing price of such common units of 14.71 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2023. As of February 16, 2024, the registrant had outstanding common units representing limited partner interests and Class B units representing limited partner units. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None 

Table of Contents 
 Explanatory Note Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP our Partnership , we , our , us or like terms) is filing this Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A (this Amendment to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed on February 21, 2024 (the Original Form 10-K to make certain changes described below. Background We are organized in a structure that is commonly referred to as an Up-C structure. Our direct subsidiary, Kimbell Royalty Operating, LLC OpCo ), is owned partially by us and partially by other investors. The other investors of OpCo are permitted to exchange their interest in OpCo, together with a Class B unit of the Partnership, into an equal number of our common units. The ownership interest by such other investors in OpCo is shown as a non-controlling interest in our consolidated financial statements. In connection with the preparation of our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we identified an error in the application of accounting guidance related to the changes in ownership of OpCo. We previously accounted for the changes in ownership of OpCo by reallocating the non-controlling interest associated with such changes at fair value. Under ASC 810-10, changes in ownership of a consolidated subsidiary that is less than wholly owned (such as OpCo) should be accounted for by adjusting the carrying value of such non-controlling interests to reflect the change in ownership interest in the subsidiary. Any difference between fair value of consideration received or paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest is adjusted should be recognized in equity attributable to the parent. We evaluated the error and determined that they did not result in a material misstatement of our previously issued consolidated financial statements. In making this determination, we noted that the error (i) only resulted in a reclass of amounts between components within unitholders equity (specifically, from Common Units to Non-Controlling Interest in OpCo) and (ii) did not have any impact on the total unitholders equity amount in our consolidated balance sheets, the total amount in our consolidated statement of changes in unitholders equity or any other portion of our financial statements. Moreover, the error had no impact on items in our consolidated statement of operations or statement of cash flows, including any information related to revenues, net income, net income attributable to common units, earnings per unit and other items. The error similarly did not have an impact on any of our key performance indicators and non-GAAP metrics, included Adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution, nor did it have any impact on compliance with our material financial covenants under debt instruments or other contractual arrangements. However, in connection with the period-end close process, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and have concluded this material weakness was present as of December 31, 2023. Description of Amendment This Amendment amends the following items in our Original Form 10-K: Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements : We are providing certain updates to the forward-looking statements section of our Original Form 10-K. Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data : We are updating the unitholders equity portion of our consolidated balance sheet, as well as our consolidated statements of changes in unitholders equity, to correct the error discussed above. In addition, we have added Note 18 (Correction of Immaterial Errors) to discuss the error. Our consolidated financial statements are included in this Amendment beginning on page F-1. Part II. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures : We are amending this item to disclose the material weakness that was identified as a result of the error discussed above, and to revise our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures to indicate that they were not effective as of December 31, 2023 because of the material weakness. We are also including a revised audit report of Grant Thornton LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. 

 i 

Table of Contents 
 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules : We are amending this item to include a new consent of Grant Thornton LLP and, as required by Rule 12b-15 under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, to provide new currently dated certifications by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The new consent is attached to this Amendment as Exhibit 23.1 and the new certifications are attached to this Amendment as Exhibits 31.1, 31.2, 32.1 and 32.2. We are also including new inline XBRL tagging. 
 The only changes to the Original Form 10-K are those related to the matters described above. Except as described above, this Amendment does not amend, update or change any other item or disclosure in the Original Form 10-K and does not purport to reflect any information or event subsequent to the filing thereof. As such, this Amendment speaks only as of the date the Original Form 10-K was filed, and we have not undertaken to amend, update or change any information contained in the Original Form 10-K to give effect to any subsequent event, other than as expressly indicated in this Amendment. Accordingly, this Amendment should be read in conjunction with the Original Form 10-K and any subsequent filing with the SEC. 

 F-ii 

Table of Contents 
 Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 6 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 6 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 11 Signatures 15 

 F-iii 

Table of Contents 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements and information in this Amendment and the Original Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations, contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition, or forecasts of future events. Words such as may, assume, forecast, position, predict, strategy, expect, intend, plan, estimate, anticipate, believe, project, budget, potential, or continue, and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. They can be affected by assumptions used or by known or unknown risks or uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statements can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in this Amendment and the Original Form 10-K. Actual results may vary materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. You should also understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the following list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. All comments concerning our expectations for future revenues and operating results are based on our forecasts for our existing operations and do not include the potential impact of future operations or acquisitions. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by such forward-looking statements include: our ability to replace our reserves; our ability to make, consummate and integrate acquisitions of assets or businesses and realize the benefits or effects of any acquisitions or the timing, final purchase price or consummation of any acquisitions; our ability to execute our business strategies; the volatility of realized prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs, including as a result of actions by, or disputes among or between, members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC and other foreign, oil-exporting countries ; the level of production on our properties; the level of drilling and completion activity by the operators of our properties; our ability to forecast identified drilling locations, gross horizontal wells, drilling inventory and estimates of reserves on our properties and on properties we seek to acquire; regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production; industry, economic, business or political conditions, including the energy and environmental proposals being considered and evaluated by the federal government and other regulating bodies; the continued threat of terrorism and the impact of military and other action and armed conflict, such as the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East; revisions to our reserve estimates as a result of changes in commodity prices, decline curves and other uncertainties; impacts of impairment expense on our financial statements; competition in the oil and natural gas industry generally and the mineral and royalty industry in particular; the ability of the operators of our properties to obtain capital or financing needed for development and exploration operations; title defects in the properties in which we acquire an interest; the availability or cost of rigs, completion crews, equipment, raw materials, supplies, oilfield services or personnel to the operators of our properties; 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 restrictions on or the availability of the use of water in the business of the operators of our properties; the availability of transportation facilities; the ability of the operators of our properties to comply with applicable governmental laws and regulations and to obtain permits and governmental approvals; federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to the environment, hydraulic fracturing, tax laws and other matters affecting the oil and gas industry, including the Biden administration s proposals and recent executive orders focused on addressing climate change; future operating results; exploration and development drilling prospects, inventories, projects and programs; operating hazards faced by the operators of our properties; the ability of the operators of our properties to keep pace with technological advancements; uncertainties regarding United States federal income tax law, including the treatment of our future earnings and distributions; our ability to remediate any material weakness in, or otherwise maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; and certain factors discussed elsewhere in this Amendment and in the Original Form 10-K, including but not limited to the items discussed in Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of the Original Form 10-K and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were originally made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The Partnership s consolidated financial statements required by this item are included in this Amendment beginning on page F-1. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of management of our General Partner, including our General Partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Disclosure controls and procedures are defined as controls designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our General Partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, at the time that the Original Form 10-K was filed on February 21, 2024, our General Partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2023. Subsequent to this evaluation, our General Partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2023 due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. Despite the material weakness described below, our General Partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Amendment fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our General Partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our General Partner s management and directors; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 control over financial reporting can also be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, the risk. On September 13, 2023, we completed the Longpoint Acquisition, whose accounts are included in our consolidated financial statements beginning on the acquisition date and reflect total assets and revenues of 33 and 7 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023. The scope of our assessment of internal control over financial reporting excludes the Longpoint Acquisition. As of December 31, 2023, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. At the time that the Original Form 10-K was filed on February 21, 2024, management, including our General Partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. In the third quarter of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, management identified a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting (described below) that was determined to have existed as of December 31, 2023. As a result, management including our General Partner s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2023. In connection with the preparation of the Partnership s unaudited interim consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Partnership identified an error in its application of accounting guidance related to the changes in ownership of OpCo, which is a consolidated, less than wholly owned subsidiary. The Partnership previously accounted for the changes in ownership of OpCo by reallocating the non-controlling interest associated with such changes at fair value. Under ASC 810-10, changes in ownership of a consolidated subsidiary that is less than wholly owned (such as OpCo) should be accounted for by adjusting the carrying value of such non-controlling interests to reflect the change in ownership interest in the subsidiary. Any difference between fair value of consideration received or paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest is adjusted should be recognized in equity attributable to the parent. The Partnership evaluated the error and determined that the related impact was not material to its financial statements for any prior annual or interim period. However, we identified a material weakness in our control environment because of this error. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Partnership s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We failed to maintain an effective control environment because we lacked sufficient oversight of the application of accounting guidance related to the changes in ownership of OpCo. While this material weakness did not result in a material misstatement of our previously filed financial statements, there is a reasonable possibility that this control deficiency could have resulted in a material misstatement in our annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be detected. Accordingly, we have determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. See the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on our internal control over financial reporting in this Item 9, which is incorporated herein by reference. Status of Remediation Efforts Management is in the process of remediating the internal control weakness related to our accounting for changes in ownership of OpCo. Management has corrected the error and will implement a new control to ensure that changes in ownership of a consolidated subsidiary that is less than wholly owned are accounted for by adjusting the carrying value of non-controlling interests to reflect the change in ownership interest in the subsidiary. Any difference between fair value of 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 consideration received or paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest is adjusted will be recognized in equity attributable to the parent in accordance with ASC 810-10. While we have already taken steps to implement our remediation plan, the material weakness will not be considered remediated until the enhanced controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that the related controls are effective. The Partnership will monitor the effectiveness of its remediation plan and refine its remediation plan as appropriate. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting As described above, we are taking steps to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. Other than in connection with the remediation process described above, there have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC and Unitholders of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Opinion on internal control over financial reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (a Delaware limited partnership) and subsidiaries (collectively, the Partnership as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described in the following paragraphs on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment. In our report dated February 21, 2024, we expressed an unqualified opinion that the Partnership maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. Management has subsequently identified a design deficiency involving the accounting for changes in ownership of its consolidated, less than wholly-owned subsidiaries. Management lacked sufficient oversight of the application of accounting guidance specific to these equity transactions related to changes in ownership of its consolidated, less than wholly-owned subsidiaries. As a result, management has revised its assessment, as presented in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, to conclude that the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2023. Accordingly, our present opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, as expressed herein, is different from that expressed in our previous report. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Partnership as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023. The material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2023 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated February 21, 2024, except for Note 1 and Note 18, as to which the date is November 8, 2024, which expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for opinion The Partnership s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our audit of, and opinion on, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting does not include the internal control over financial reporting of Cherry Creek Minerals, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, whose financial statements reflect total assets and revenues constituting 33 and 7 percent, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statements amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023. As indicated in Management s Report, Cherry Creek Minerals, LLC was acquired during 2023. Management s assertion on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting excluded internal control over financial reporting of Cherry Creek Minerals, LLC. Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Dallas, Texas February 21, 2024 (except for the effect of the material weakness described in the third paragraph above, as to which the date is November 8, 2024) 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a)(1) Financial Statements Our consolidated financial statements are included under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. For a listing of these statements and accompanying notes, please read Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report. (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules All schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable, not required or the information called for therein appears in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. (a)(3) List of Exhibits EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-215458) filed on January 6, 2017) 3.2 Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, dated as of September 13, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 13, 2023) 3.3 Certificate of Formation of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-215458) filed on January 6, 2017) 3.4 First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, dated as of February 8, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 3.5 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Kimbell Royalty Operating, LLC, dated as of September 13, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8 K filed on September 13, 2023) 4.1 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2019, by and among Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, EIGF Aggregator III LLC, TE Drilling Aggregator LLC, Haymaker Management, LLC, Haymaker Minerals Royalties, LLC, AP KRP Holdings, L.P., ATCF SPV, L.P., Zeus Investments, L.P., Apollo Kings Alley Credit SPV, L.P., Apollo Thunder Partners, L.P., AIE III Investments, L.P., Apollo Union Street SPV, L.P., Apollo Lincoln Private Credit Fund, L.P., Apollo SPN Investments I (Credit), LLC, AA Direct, L.P., PEP I Holdings, LLC, PEP II Holdings, LLC, PEP III Holdings, LLC, Cupola Royalty Direct, LLC, Kimbell Art Foundation and Rivercrest Capital Partners LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2019) 4.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2022, by and among Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP and Hatch Royalty LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2022) 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023, by and among between Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP and MB Minerals, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2023) 4.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2023, by and among Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP and the parties listed on the signature page thereof (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8 K filed on September 13, 2023) 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 4.5 Description of Common Units Representing Limited Partnership Interests (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2024) 10.1 Amended and Restated Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2022) 10.2 Form of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2017) 10.3 Form of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan Director Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2017) 10.4 Form of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2018 Restricted Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2018) 10.5 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 13, 2023, by and among Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, each of the guarantors party thereto, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 20, 2023) 10.6 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2023, by and among Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, each of the guarantors party thereto, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2023) 10.7 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2023, by and among Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, each of the guarantors party thereto, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2023) 10.8 Management Services Agreement, dated February 8, 2017, by and among Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, Kimbell Royalty Holdings, LLC and Kimbell Operating Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 10.9 Amendment No. 1 to Management Services Agreement, dated December 10, 2018, by and among Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, Kimbell Royalty Holdings, LLC and Kimbell Operating Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2019) 10.10 Amendment No. 2 to Management Services Agreement, dated December 16, 2019, by and among Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, Kimbell Royalty Holdings, LLC and Kimbell Operating Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2020) 10.11 Management Services Agreement, dated February 8, 2017, by and between BJF Royalties, LLC and Kimbell Operating Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 10.12 Management Services Agreement, dated February 8, 2017, by and between K3 Royalties, LLC and Kimbell Operating Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 10.13 Amendment No. 1 to Management Services Agreement, dated March 7, 2018, by and between K3 Royalties, LLC and Kimbell Operating Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2018) 10.14 Amendment No. 2 to Management Services Agreement, dated December 10, 2018, by and between K3 Royalties, LLC and Kimbell Operating Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2019) 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 10.15 Amendment No. 3 to Management Services Agreement, dated December 16, 2019, by and between K3 Royalties, LLC and Kimbell Operating Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2020) 10.16 Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2018, by and among Haymaker Minerals Royalties, LLC, EIGF Aggregator III LLC, TE Drilling Aggregator LLC, Haymaker Management, LLC, Kimbell Art Foundation, Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC and Kimbell Royalty Operating, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2018) 10.17 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2023, by and among MB Minerals, L.P., Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP and Kimbell Royalty Operating, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2023) 10.18 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2023, by and between LongPoint Minerals II, LLC and Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2023) 10.19 Preferred Units Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2023, by and among Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP and the several purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2023) 10.20 Board Representation and Observation Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2023, by and among Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, Kimbell GP Holdings, LLC, Apollo Accord+ Aggregator A, L.P., Apollo Accord V Aggregator A, L.P., Apollo Defined Return Aggregator A, L.P., Apollo Calliope Fund, L.P., Apollo Excelsior, L.P., Apollo Credit Strategies Master Fund Ltd., Apollo Atlas Master Fund, LLC, Apollo Union Street SPV, L.P., Host Plus PTY Limited - Accord, Apollo Delphi Fund, L.P., Apollo Royalties Fund I, L.P., AHVF (AIV), L.P., AHVF Intermediate Holdings, L.P., AHVF TE/892/QFPF (AIV), L.P. and ACMP Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8 K filed on September 13, 2023) 10.21 Transition Services Agreement, by and between Kimbell Royalty Operating, LLC and FourPoint Energy, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Current Report on Form 8 K filed on September 13, 2023) 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2024 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 23.2 Consent of Ryder Scott Company, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 23.2 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2024) 23.3 Consent of KPMG LLP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 23.3 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2024) 23.4 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm KPMG LLP Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements on Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 23.4 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2024) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350 97.1 Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2024) 99.1 Report of Ryder Scott Company, L.P. as of December 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2024) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report pursuant to Item 15(b). Certain schedules and similar attachments to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish a supplemental copy of each such omitted schedule or similar attachment to SEC upon request. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP By: Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC its general partner Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Robert D. Ravnaas Name: Robert D. Ravnaas Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F- 2 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2023 and 2022 F- 5 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 F- 6 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Unitholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 F- 7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 F- 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 10 

 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC and Unitholders of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Opinion on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (a Delaware limited partnership) and subsidiaries (collectively, the Partnership as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in unitholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, based on our audits and the report of the other auditors, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 21, 2024, except for the effect of the material weakness described in the third paragraph of that report, as to which the date is November 8, 2024, expressed an adverse opinion thereon. We did not audit the consolidated financial statements of Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation, a consolidated variable interest entity as of and for the period ended December 31, 2022, which statements reflect total assets constituting 0 and 22 , respectively, of consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and total revenues of 0 and 0 , respectively, of consolidated total revenues for the years then ended. Those statements were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation, is based solely on the report of the other auditors. Basis for opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits and the report of the other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical audit matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which it they relate. 

 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 Accrued oil, natural gas, and NGL revenues As described further in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Partnership records oil, natural gas, and NGL revenues in the month production is delivered to the purchaser. As a non-operator and an owner of mineral and royalty interests, the Partnership has no involvement or operational control over the volumes and method of sale of the oil, natural gas and NGLs produced and sold from the properties. The Partnership has limited visibility to when wells start producing and production settlement statements from operators may not be received for one to four months after the date of production is delivered. As a result, the Partnership is required to estimate accrued revenue at each reporting period based on estimates of production delivered to purchasers and the prices that will be received on those volumes. As of December 31, 2023, the Partnership has accrued 59 million of revenues that are included in oil, natural gas and NGL receivables. We identified the estimation of accrued oil, natural gas, and NGL revenues as a critical audit matter. The principal consideration for our determination that the estimation of accrued oil, natural gas, and NGL revenues is a critical audit matter is that auditing the Partnership s estimate of accrued oil, natural gas, and NGL revenues is complex and judgmental as changes in certain inputs and assumptions, such as estimated production volumes and the price that will be received on those volumes, could have a significant impact on the measurement of accrued oil, natural gas, and NGL revenues. Our audit procedures related to the estimation of accrued oil, natural gas, and NGL revenues included the following, among others. We tested the design and operating effectiveness of key internal controls over the Partnership s accrued revenue process. We tested a sample of revenue transactions to support inputs used in the estimation of accrued revenues, including the actual volume of production delivered to purchasers and the realized prices received on those volumes. We evaluated the prices used by the Partnership to estimate the price to be received for the sale of oil, natural gas, and NGL production by independently developing an expectation of price using publicly available prices and historical differentials. We tested the historical accuracy of prior period estimates of accrued revenues by performing a lookback analysis to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and to identify indicators of management bias in significant assumptions used to derive the revenue accrual. We assessed the completeness and accuracy of the accrued revenues through disaggregated analytical procedures by month, product type, and comparison of pricing used to publicly available market prices and historical differentials. Estimation of proved reserves as it relates to the calculation and measurement of depletion expense and impairment As described further in Notes 2 and 6 to the financial statements, the Partnership accounts for its oil and natural gas properties using the full cost method of accounting, which requires management to make estimates of proved reserves to measure depletion expense and to determine if any impairment exists for its proved oil and natural gas properties. Proved reserves are estimated quantities of oil and natural gas which geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be commercially recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. The net book value of the Partnership s oil and natural gas properties was 1 billion as of December 31, 2023, and the Partnership recorded depletion expense of 96 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Partnership recorded an impairment of 18 million on its proved oil and natural gas properties for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Partnership s estimates of proved reserves are prepared by an independent petroleum engineering firm. Estimates of proved reserves depend upon several factors and assumptions, including the quantities of oil and natural gas reserves ultimately recovered by the Partnership s third-party operators. Significant judgment is required by the independent petroleum engineer in evaluating geological and engineering data used to estimate proved oil and natural gas reserves. Estimating reserves also requires the selection of certain subjective inputs, including price assumptions inclusive of price differentials, among others. We identified the estimation of proved reserves as it relates to the calculation and measurement of depletion expense as a critical audit matter. 

 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 The principal consideration for our determination that the estimation of proved reserves is a critical audit matter is that changes in certain inputs and assumptions necessary to estimate the future volumes could have a significant impact on the estimation of proved reserves, measurement of depletion expense, and determination of impairment for proved oil and natural gas properties. Auditing the Partnership s estimate of proved reserves is complex because our work involves the use of the work of the independent petroleum engineer engaged by the Partnership and because evaluating certain inputs described above requires significant auditor judgement. Our audit procedures related to the estimation of proved reserves included the following, among others. We tested the design and operating effectiveness of key internal controls over the Partnership s process to estimate proved reserves for the purpose of calculating and measuring of depletion expense and determining impairment for proved oil and natural gas properties. We evaluated the level of knowledge, skill, ability, and objectivity of the independent petroleum engineer engaged by management and their relationship to the Partnership. We made inquiries of the independent petroleum engineer regarding the process followed and judgments made to estimate the Partnership s proved reserves, and we read the reserve report prepared by the independent petroleum engineer. We evaluated the pricing and differential inputs used to estimate proved reserves for consistency with requirements under the full cost method of accounting. We compared the Partnership s historical production forecasts to actual production volumes to assess the Company s ability to accurately forecast and we compared the future forecasted production used by the Company in the current period to historical production. We analyzed the depletion expense and ceiling test calculations for consistency with requirements under the full cost method of accounting and checked the accuracy of the depletion expense and ceiling test calculations. We selected a sample of wells to test the inputs used in the estimation of proved reserves, including volumes, pricing, and other assumptions. /s/ We have served as the Partnership s auditor since 2015. February 21, 2024 (except for Note 1 and Note 18, as to which the date is November 8, 2024) 

 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Oil, natural gas and NGL receivables Derivative assets Accounts receivable and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Oil and natural gas properties Oil and natural gas properties, using full cost method of accounting and excluded from depletion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion and impairment ) ) Total oil and natural gas properties, net Right-of-use assets, net Derivative assets Loan origination costs, net Assets of consolidated variable interest entities: Cash Investments held in trust Prepaid expenses Total assets LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND UNITHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Other current liabilities Derivative liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, excluding current portion Derivative liabilities Long-term debt Other liabilities Liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities: Other current liabilities Deferred underwriting commissions Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Mezzanine equity: Series A preferred units units and units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) Redeemable non-controlling interest in Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP unitholders' equity: Common units units and units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) Class B units and units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) Total Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP unitholders' equity Non-controlling interest in OpCo Total unitholders' equity Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and unitholders' equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue Oil, natural gas and NGL revenues Lease bonus and other income Gain (loss) on commodity derivative instruments, net ) ) Total revenues Costs and expenses Production and ad valorem taxes Depreciation and depletion expense Impairment of oil and natural gas properties Marketing and other deductions General and administrative expense Consolidated variable interest entities related: General and administrative expense Total costs and expenses Operating income Other income (expense) Equity income in affiliate Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Other (expense) income ) Consolidated variable interest entities related: Interest earned on marketable securities in trust account Net income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Distribution and accretion on Series A preferred units ) ) Net income and distributions and accretion on Series A preferred units attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) ) Net income attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Net income per unit attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Basic Diluted Weighted average number of common units outstanding Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN UNITHOLDERS EQUITY 

Non-controlling Non-controlling Common Units Amount Class B Units Amount Interest in OpCo Interest in TGR Total Balance at January 1, 2021 Common units issued for equity offering Conversion of Class B units to common units ) ) ) ) Redemption of Series A preferred units ) ) ) Restricted units repurchased for tax withholding ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Distributions to unitholders ) ) ) Distribution and accretion on Series A preferred units ) ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 Common units issued for equity offering Class B units issued for acquisition Conversion of Class B units to common units ) ) ) ) Restricted units repurchased for tax withholding ) ) ) Forfeitures of restricted units ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Distributions to unitholders ) ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) Proceeds from issuance of TGR public warrants Accretion of redeemable non-controlling interest in Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation ) ) ) ) Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2022 Common units issued for equity offering Units issued for acquisition Conversion of Class B units to common units ) ) ) ) Restricted units repurchased for tax withholding ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Distributions to unitholders ) ) ) Distribution and accretion on Series A preferred units ) ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) Accretion of redeemable non-controlling interest in Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation Change in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and depletion expense Impairment of oil and natural gas properties Amortization of right-of-use assets Amortization of loan origination costs Loss on extinguishment of debt Equity income in affiliate ) ) Cash distribution from affiliate Forfeiture of restricted units ) Unit-based compensation (Gain) loss on derivative instruments, net of settlements ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Oil, natural gas and NGL receivables ) ) ) Accounts receivable and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Other current liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Consolidated variable interest entities related: Interest earned on marketable securities in trust account ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of oil and natural gas properties ) ) ) Proceeds from trust of variable interest entity Cash distribution from affiliate Consolidated variable interest entities related: Cash paid for transaction costs Cash received from investments held in trust Investment in marketable securities ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from the issuance of Series A preferred units, net of issuance costs Proceeds from equity offering, net of issuance costs Contributions from Class B unitholders Redemption of Class B contributions on converted units ) ) ) Redemption on Series A preferred units ) Distribution to common unitholders ) ) ) Distribution to OpCo unitholders ) ) ) Distribution on Series A preferred units ) ) Distribution on Class B units ) ) ) Borrowings on long-term debt Repayments on long-term debt ) ) ) Payment of loan origination costs ) ) ) Restricted units repurchased for tax withholding ) ) ) Consolidated variable interest entities related: Proceeds from initial public offering of Kimbell Tiger Operating Company Payment of underwriting commissions with equity offering of Kimbell Tiger Operating Company, net of adjustments ) Redemption of Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation equity units ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period 

 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Units issued in exchange for oil and natural gas properties Noncash effect of Series A preferred unit redemption Noncash deemed distribution to Series A preferred units Distribution on Series A preferred units in accounts payable Recognition of tenant improvement asset Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Consolidated variable interest entities related: Reduction of deferred underwriting commission associated with redemption of Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation equity units ) Deferred underwriting commissions 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents and Cash Held at Consolidated Variable Interest Entities to the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Cash and cash equivalents Cash held at consolidated variable interest entities The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F-9 

F-10 

Table of Contents 
 Global Conflicts In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and is still engaged in active armed conflict against the country. In October 2023, armed active conflict escalated in the Middle East between Israel and Hamas and is still active. These conflicts and the sanctions imposed in response have led to regional instability and caused dramatic fluctuations in global financial markets and have increased the level of global economic and political uncertainty, including uncertainty about world-wide oil supply and demand, which in turn has increased volatility in commodity prices. To date, the Partnership has not experienced a material impact to operations or the consolidated financial statements as a result of these conflicts; however, the Partnership will continue to monitor for events that could materially impact them. 

 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 allowance for expected credit losses is deemed necessary based upon a review of current receivables and the lack of historical write offs. . Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the expected useful life or the term of the underlying lease. 

 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 gains or losses were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 or 2021. The Partnership assesses all unevaluated properties on periodic basis for possible impairment. The Partnership assesses properties on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others: economic and market conditions; operators intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; operators drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of operator development if proved reserves are assigned. Costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until a determination as to the existence of proved reserves is able to be made. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization and to the full cost ceiling test. Due to the nature of the Partnership s mineral and royalty interests, there are exploratory activities pending determination, and exploratory costs were charged to expense for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 or 2021. uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 t recognize any interest or penalty expense related to uncertain tax positions. , and , respectively, of oil, natural gas and NGL sales revenue. Commodity derivative financial instruments may expose the Partnership to credit risk; however, the Partnership monitors the creditworthiness of its counterparties. While the Partnership does not require the counterparties to its derivative contracts to post collateral, the Partnership does evaluate the credit standing of such counterparties as they deem appropriate. This evaluation includes reviewing a counterparty s credit rating and latest financial information. Natural gas revenue NGL revenue Total Oil, natural gas and NGL revenues Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations 

 F-14 

Table of Contents 

F-15 

Table of Contents 
 per share (the Class A common stock sold in the TGR IPO that were redeemable for cash by the public TGR shareholders that would have been concurrent with TGR s initial business combination or in the event of TGR s failure to complete a business combination or a tender offer. The redeemable non-controlling interests were initially recorded at their original issue price, net of issuance costs and the initial fair value of separately traded warrants. As of June 30, 2023, the shares had been redeemed in full. 

 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 million. The Partnership funded the cash transaction with borrowings under its secured revolving credit facility and net proceeds from the Preferred Unit Transaction (as defined in Note 9 Preferred Units). The adjusted purchase price of the LongPoint Acquisition includes the total cash consideration of million, transactional costs of million and less million of post-effective net oil, natural gas and NGL revenues earned prior to the closing date. The LongPoint Acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition and the allocation of the purchase price was million to proved properties and million to unevaluated properties. On May 17, 2023, the Partnership completed the acquisition of certain mineral and royalty assets held by MB Minerals, L.P. and certain of its affiliates (the MB Minerals Acquisition ). The aggregate consideration for the MB Minerals Acquisition consisted of (i) approximately million in cash and (ii) the issuance of (a) OpCo Common Units and an equal number of Class B units representing limited partnership interests in the Partnership Class B units and (b) common units. The Partnership funded the cash payment of the purchase price with borrowings under its secured revolving credit facility. The assets acquired in the MB Minerals Acquisition are located in Howard and Borden Counties, Texas. The MB Minerals Acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition and the allocation of the purchase price was million to proved properties and million to unevaluated properties. 2022 Activity On December 15, 2022, the Partnership completed the acquisition of certain mineral and royalty assets held by Hatch Royalty LLC (the Hatch Acquisition ). The aggregate consideration for the Hatch Acquisition consisted of (i) approximately million in cash and (ii) the issuance of OpCo common units and an equal number of Class B units. The Partnership funded the cash payment of the purchase price with borrowings under its secured revolving credit facility. The assets acquired in the Hatch Acquisition are located in the Permian Basin and the Partnership estimates that the assets consisted of approximately net royalty acres on approximately gross acres. The Hatch acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition and the allocation of the purchase price was million to proved properties and million to unevaluated properties. 2021 Activity On March 10, 2021, the Partnership completed the acquisition of certain mineral and royalty assets held by Nail Bay Royalties, LLC Nail Bay Royalties and Oil Nut Bay Royalties, LP for a total purchase price of million. The assets acquired were managed by Nail Bay Royalties and Duncan Management, LLC Duncan Management ). See Note 14 Related Party Transactions, for further discussion of the Partnership s relation to each entity. On December 7, 2021, the Partnership completed the acquisition of all of the equity interests in certain subsidiaries owned by Caritas Royalty Fund LLC and certain of its affiliates (the Cornerstone Acquisition for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. The Partnership funded the payment of the purchase price with borrowings under its secured revolving credit facility. The assets acquired in the Cornerstone Acquisition consisted of approximately gross producing wells across the Permian, Mid-Continent, Haynesville and other leading U.S. basins. Both 2021 acquisitions were accounted for as asset acquisitions and the allocation of the purchase price was million to proved properties. Joint Ventures On June 19, 2019, the Partnership entered into a joint venture (the Joint Venture with Springbok SKR Capital Company, LLC and Rivercrest Capital Partners, LP, a related party. The Partnership s ownership in the Joint Venture was 

 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Joint Venture completed the sale of its royalty, mineral and overriding interests and similar non-cost bearing interests in oil and gas properties for a total purchase price of million. Net proceeds distributed to the Partnership were million during the year ended December 31, 2022, the majority of which was used to repay debt on the Partnership s secured revolving credit facility. On November 1, 2022, the Joint Venture was dissolved. Special Purpose Acquisition Company On January 29, 2021, the Partnership s recently dissolved special purpose acquisition company and subsidiary, Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation TGR ), filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). TGR was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Sponsor, LLC TGR Sponsor ), which was a subsidiary of the Partnership, and was created to assist TGR in sourcing, analyzing and consummating acquisition opportunities for that initial business combination. TGR Sponsor and TGR were consolidated in the financial statements of the Partnership beginning in the year ended December 31, 2021. On February 8, 2022, TGR consummated its million initial public offering (the TGR IPO ). Under the terms of TGR s governing documents, TGR had until May 8, 2023 to complete a business combination, subject to TGR Sponsor s option to extend such deadline by up to times. On May 22, 2023, as a result of TGR s inability to consummate an initial business combination on or prior to May 8, 2023, and pursuant to the terms of its organizational documents, TGR redeemed all of its outstanding shares of Class A common stock included as part of the units issued in its initial public offering. The Class A common stock was redeemed on June 22, 2023 and the Partnership completed the dissolution and deconsolidation of TGR (along with TGR Sponsor) on June 30, 2023 in accordance with the terms of its organizational documents. The net non-cash impact of the deconsolidation of TGR was million, which is included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of as of December 31, 2023 and treated as accretion of redeemable non-controlling interest in TGR in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in unitholders equity for the year ended December 31, 2023 . 

 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 million of the notional balance on our secured revolving credit facility. On May 17, 2022, the Partnership entered into a partial termination agreement with Citibank to unwind of the interest rate swap. On August 8, 2022, the Partnership entered into a termination agreement with Citibank to unwind the remaining of the interest rate swap. The terminations resulted in a million gain for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Partnership used an interest rate swap for the management of interest rate risk exposure, as the interest rate swap effectively converted a portion of the Partnership s secured revolving credit facility from a floating to a fixed rate. Changes in the fair values of the Partnership s interest rate swaps were recognized as gains or losses in the current period and were presented on a net basis within other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2021, the interest rate swap had a total notional amount of million and a fair value of million. The Partnership has not designated any of its derivative contracts as hedges for accounting purposes. Changes in the fair value consisted of the following: ) ) Gain (loss) on commodity derivative instruments, net ) ) Net cash paid on settlements of derivative instruments Ending fair value of derivative instruments ) ) The following table presents the fair value of the Partnership s derivative contracts for the periods indicated: Long-term assets Derivative assets Liabilities: Current liabilities Derivative liabilities ) ) Long-term liabilities Derivative liabilities ) ) ) At December 31, 2023, the Partnership s open commodity derivative contracts consisted of the following: January 2025 - December 2025 Natural Gas Price Swaps 

Notional Weighted Average Range (per MMBtu) Volumes (MMBtu) Fixed Price (per MMBtu) Low High January 2024 - December 2024 January 2025 - December 2025 

 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 Liabilities Commodity derivative contracts ) ) December 31, 2022 Assets Commodity derivative contracts Assets of consolidated variable interest entities: Investments held in trust Liabilities Commodity derivative contracts ) ) 

 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Unevaluated properties Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion and impairment ) ) Total oil and natural gas properties The net capitalized costs of proved oil and natural gas properties are subject to a full-cost ceiling limitation for which the costs are not allowed to exceed their related estimated future net revenues discounted at . To the extent capitalized costs of evaluated oil and natural gas properties, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment, exceed estimated discounted future net revenues of proved oil and natural gas reserves, the excess capitalized costs are charged to expense. The Partnership assesses all unevaluated properties on a periodic basis for possible impairment. The Partnership assesses properties on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others: economic and market conditions, operators intent to drill, remaining lease term, geological and geophysical evaluations, operators drilling results and activity, the assignment of proved reserves and the economic viability of operator development if proved reserves are assigned. Costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until a determination as to the existence of proved developed reserves is able to be made. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization and to the full cost ceiling test. As a result of its full cost ceiling analysis, the Partnership recorded an impairment on its oil and natural gas properties of million during the year ended December 31, 2023. The impairment is primarily attributed to the decline in the 12-month average price of oil and natural gas. As of December 31, 2023, the 12-month average prices of oil and natural gas were per Bbl of oil and per Mcf of natural gas. These prices represent a and decrease, respectively, from the 12-month average prices of oil and natural gas as of December 31, 2022, which were per Bbl of oil and per Mcf of natural gas. The Partnership did t record an impairment on its oil and natural gas properties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. years. Both the ROU operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the remaining lease payments over the lease term and do not include lease incentives. The Partnership s leases do not provide an implicit rate that can readily be determined; therefore, the Partnership used a discount rate based on its incremental borrowing rate, which is determined by the information available in the secured revolving credit facility. The incremental borrowing rate reflects the estimated rate of interest that the Partnership would pay to borrow, on a collateralized basis over a similar term, an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. The weighted average discount rate used for the operating lease was for the year ended December 31, 2023. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The total operating lease expense recorded for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 

 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 Less: Imputed Interest ) Total million with an initial borrowing base of million and an initial aggregate elected commitments amount of up to million, including a sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit of up to million, and (ii) an extension of the maturity date of the A R Credit Agreement to June 7, 2027. In connection with the A R Credit Agreement , the Partnership recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of million as a result of writing off all unamortized loan origination costs associated with the lenders to the Partnership s existing credit agreement that did not participate in the A R Credit Agreement . On July 24, 2023, the Partnership entered into Amendment No. 1 (the First Amendment to the A R Credit Agreement. The amendment amended the A R Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) decrease the frequency of and increase the threshold for excess cash determinations from million to million, and (ii) permit the Partnership to issue certain preferred equity interests. On December 8, 2023, in connection with the November 1, 2023 redetermination, the Partnership entered into Amendment No. 2 the Second Amendment to the A R Credit Agreement. The amendment amends the A R Credit Agreement to , among other things, increase each of the borrowing base and aggregate elected commitments from million to million. The secured revolving credit facility bears interest at a rate equal to, at the Partnership s election, either (a) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as defined in the A R Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin that varies from to per annum or (b) a base rate plus an applicable margin that varies from to per annum, based on borrowing base utilization. The secured revolving credit facility is guaranteed by certain of the Partnership s material subsidiaries and is collateralized by substantially all assets, including the oil and natural gas properties of such subsidiaries, including mortgages on at least of the PV-9 of the proved reserves constituting borrowing base properties as set forth on the Partnership s most recent reserve report. The borrowing base will be redetermined semi-annually on or about May 1 and November 1 of each year by the Lenders, with one interim unscheduled redetermination available to each of the Partnership and a group of certain Lenders between scheduled redeterminations during each calendar year. The next scheduled redetermination will be on or around May 1, 2024. Customary borrowing base reductions and mandatory prepayments are required under the A R Credit Agreement in connection with certain sales of certain types of borrowing base properties, sales of equity interests in guarantor subsidiaries owning such properties, certain debt issuances or certain types of swap terminations. In addition, Cash Balance (as defined in the First Amendment) above million is required to be applied weekly to prepay loans (without a commitment reduction) if not otherwise reduced to in a manner permitted by the A R Credit Agreement. The Partnership is required to pay a commitment fee of per annum on the average daily unused portion of the current aggregate commitments under the secured revolving credit facility . The Partnership is also required to pay customary letter of credit and fronting fees. 

 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 to 1.0 and (ii) a ratio of current assets to current liabilities of not less than to 1.0 . The A R Credit Agreement also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other things, as to compliance with laws (including environmental laws and anti-corruption laws), delivery of quarterly and annual financial statements and borrowing base certificates, conduct of business, maintenance of property, maintenance of insurance, entry into certain derivatives contracts, restrictions on the incurrence of liens, indebtedness, asset dispositions, restricted payments, and other customary covenants. These covenants are subject to a number of limitations and exceptions. Additionally, the A R Credit Agreement contains customary events of default and remedies for credit facilities of this nature. If the Partnership does not comply with the financial and other covenants in the A R Credit Agreement, the Lenders may, subject to customary cure rights, require immediate payment of all amounts outstanding under the A R Credit Agreement and any outstanding unfunded commitments may be terminated. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Partnership borrowed an additional million under the secured revolving credit facility and repaid approximately million of the outstanding borrowings. As of December 31, 2023, the Partnership s outstanding balance was million and there were outstanding letters of credit under the secured revolving credit facility. The Partnership was in compliance with all covenants included in the secured revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, borrowings under the secured revolving credit facility bore interest at plus a margin of or the ABR (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) plus a margin of . For the year ended December 31, 2023, the weighted average interest rate on the Partnership s outstanding borrowings was . Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the Series A preferred units ). On September 13, 2023, in connection with the closing of the LongPoint Acquisition, the Partnership completed the private placement of Series A preferred units to the Series A Purchasers for per Series A preferred unit, resulting in gross proceeds to the Partnership of million (the Preferred Unit Transaction ). The Partnership used the net proceeds from the Preferred Unit Transaction to purchase preferred units of the Operating Company OpCo preferred units ). The Operating Company in turn used the net proceeds to fund a portion of the LongPoint Acquisition. The Series A preferred units rank senior to the Partnership s common units with respect to distribution rights and rights upon liquidation. Until the conversion of the Series A preferred units into common units or their redemption, holders of the Series A preferred units are entitled to receive cumulative quarterly distributions equal to per annum plus accrued and unpaid distributions. The Partnership has the right, in any four non-consecutive quarters, to elect not to pay such quarterly distribution in cash and instead have the unpaid distribution amount added to the liquidation preference at the rate of per annum. If the Partnership makes such an election in consecutive quarters or if the Partnership fails to pay in full, in cash and when due, any distribution owed to the Series A preferred units or otherwise materially breaches its obligations to the holders of the Series A preferred units, the distribution rate will increase to per annum until the accumulated distributions are paid in full in cash, or any such material breach is cured, as applicable. Each holder of Series A preferred units has the right to share in any special distributions by the Partnership of cash, securities or other property pro rata with the common units on an as-converted basis, subject to customary adjustments. The Partnership cannot declare or make any distributions, redemptions, or repurchases on any junior securities, including any of their common units, prior to paying the quarterly distribution payable to the Series A preferred units, including any previously accrued and unpaid distributions. Beginning with the earlier of (i) the second anniversary of the original issuance date and (ii) immediately prior to a liquidation of the Partnership, the Series A Purchasers may, at any time (but not more often than once per quarter), elect to convert all or any portion of their Series A preferred units into a number of common units determined by multiplying 

 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 million or such lesser amount that covers all of the holders remaining Series A preferred units and (b) the closing price of the common units is at least of the conversion price of , subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments (the Conversion Price for trading days during the -trading day period immediately preceding the conversion notice. At any time on or after the second anniversary of the original issuance date, the Partnership will have the option to convert all or any portion of the Series A preferred units into a number of common units determined by the then-applicable conversion rate, provided that (i) any conversion is for an amount of common units with an aggregate value of at least million or such lesser amount that covers all of the holders Series A preferred units, (ii) the common units are listed for, or admitted to, trading on a national securities exchange, (iii) the closing price of the common units is at least of the Conversion Price for trading days during the -trading day period immediately preceding the conversion notice and (iv) the Partnership has an effective registration statement on file with the SEC covering resales of the underlying common units to be received by the holders of Series A preferred units upon such conversion. The Series A preferred units are redeemable at the option of the Series A Purchasers after from the effective date of the Series A preferred unit purchase agreement, August 2, 2023. The Series A preferred units may be redeemed by the Partnership at any time or in the event of a change of control. The Series A preferred units may be redeemed for a cash amount per Series A preferred unit equal to the product of (a) the number of outstanding Series A preferred units multiplied by (b) the greatest of (i) an amount (together with all prior distributions made in respect of such Series A preferred unit) necessary to achieve the Minimum IRR (as defined below), (ii) an amount (together with all prior distributions made in respect of such Series A preferred unit) necessary to achieve a return on investment equal to times with respect to such Series A p referred unit and (iii) the Series A issue price plus accrued and unpaid distributions. For purposes of the Series A preferred units , Minimum IRR means as of any measurement date: (a) prior to the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date , a internal rate of return with respect to the Series A preferred units; (b) on or after the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date and prior to the sixth anniversary of the original issuance date, a internal rate of return with respect to the Series A preferred units; and (c) on or after the sixth anniversary of the original issuance date, a internal rate of return with respect to the Series A preferred units. In connection with the issuance of the Series A preferred units, the Partnership granted holders of the Series A preferred units board observer rights beginning on the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date, board appointment rights beginning on the sixth anniversary of the original issuance date, and in the case of events of default with respect to the Series A preferred units, the right to appoint members of the board beginning on the seventh anniversary of the original issuance date. The terms of the Series A preferred units contain covenants preventing the Partnership from taking certain actions without the approval of the holders of 66 2 / 3 of the outstanding Series A preferred units, voting separately as a class. common units issued and outstanding and Class B units outstanding. On August 7, 2023, the Partnership completed an underwritten public offering of common units for net proceeds of approximately million (the 2023 Equity Offering ). The Partnership used the net proceeds from the 2023 Equity Offering to purchase OpCo common units. The Operating Company in turn used the net proceeds to repay approximately million of the outstanding borrowings under the Partnership s secured revolving credit facility. The Operating Company used the remainder of the net proceeds of the 2023 Equity Offering for general corporate purposes. In November 2022, the Partnership completed an underwritten public offering of common units for net proceeds of approximately million (the 2022 Equity Offering ). The Partnership used the net proceeds from the 2022 Equity Offering to purchase OpCo common units. The Operating Company in turn used the net proceeds to repay approximately million of the outstanding borrowings under the Partnership s secured revolving credit facility. 

 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 common units for net proceeds of approximately million (the 2021 Equity Offering ). The Partnership used the net proceeds from the 2021 Equity Offering to purchase OpCo common units. The Operating Company in turn used the net proceeds to repay approximately million of the outstanding borrowings under the Partnership s secured revolving credit facility. The following table summarizes the changes in the number of the Partnership s common units: Common units issued under the A R LTIP (1) Restricted units repurchased for tax withholding ) Common unit issued for acquisition Common units issued for equity offering Conversion of Class B units Balance at December 31, 2023 

 (1) Includes restricted units granted to certain employees, directors and consultants under the Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended, the A R LTIP on February 21, 2023. 
 The following table presents information regarding the common unit cash distributions approved by the General Partner s Board of Directors (the Board of Directors for the periods presented: May 3, 2023 May 15, 2023 May 22, 2023 Q2 2023 August 2, 2023 August 14, 2023 August 21, 2023 Q3 2023 November 2, 2023 November 13, 2023 November 20, 2023 Q4 2023 February 21, 2024 March 13, 2024 March 20, 2024 Q1 2022 April 22, 2022 May 2, 2022 May 9, 2022 Q2 2022 August 3, 2022 August 15, 2022 August 22, 2022 Q3 2022 November 3, 2022 November 14, 2022 November 21, 2022 Q4 2022 February 23, 2023 March 9, 2023 March 16, 2023 Q1 2021 April 23, 2021 May 3, 2021 May 10, 2021 Q2 2021 July 23, 2021 August 2, 2021 August 9, 2021 Q3 2021 October 22, 2021 November 1, 2021 November 8, 2021 Q4 2021 January 21, 2022 January 31, 2022 February 7, 2022 The following table summarizes the changes in the number of the Partnership s Class B units: Class B units issued for acquisition Conversion of Class B units ) Balance at December 31, 2023 For each Class B unit issued, cents have been paid to the Partnership as additional consideration (the Class B Contribution ). Holders of the Class B units are entitled to receive cash distributions equal to per quarter on their respective Class B Contribution, subsequent to distributions on the Series A preferred units but prior to distributions on the common units and OpCo common units. Holders of the Class B units are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the shareholders. Holders of the common units and the Class B units generally vote together as a single class on all matters presented to the Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP unitholders for their vote or approval. Holders of Class B units do not have any right to 

 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 Net adjustment to accretion of redeemable non-controlling interest in Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation and write-off of deferred underwriting commissions ) Net income attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP after accretion of redeemable non-controlling interest in Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation and write-off of deferred underwriting commissions Distribution and accretion on Series A preferred units Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in OpCo and distribution on Class B units Diluted net income attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Weighted average number of common units outstanding: Basic Effect of dilutive securities: Series A preferred units Class B units Restricted units Diluted Net income per unit attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP Basic Diluted The calculation of diluted net income per share for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes the conversion of Series A preferred units to common units and Class B units to common units calculated using the if-converted method and units of unvested restricted units calculated using the treasury stock method. The calculation of diluted net income per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes the conversion of all Class B units to common units calculated using the if-converted method and unvested restricted units calculated using the treasury stock method. 

 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 common units for a total of common units. The Partnership s A R LTIP authorizes grants to its employees, directors and consultants. The restricted units issued under the Partnership s A R LTIP generally vest in one -third installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the grantee s continuous service through the applicable vesting date. Compensation expense for such awards will be recognized over the term of the service period on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Management elects not to estimate forfeiture rates and to account for forfeitures in compensation cost when they occur. Compensation expense for consultants is treated in the same manner as that of the employees and directors. Distributions related to the restricted units are paid concurrently with the Partnership s distributions for common units. The fair value of the Partnership s restricted units issued under the A R LTIP to the Partnership s employees, directors and consultants is determined by utilizing the market value of the Partnership s common units on the respective grant date. The following table presents a summary of the Partnership s unvested restricted units. years Awarded Vested ) Unvested at December 31, 2023 years million and million of income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and a de minimis amount of income taxes during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Partnership has filed all tax returns to date that are currently due. The Partnership s effective income tax rate was for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Partnership earned income before taxes, as calculated under GAAP, for the current year and is recording a current income tax expense of million primarily related to income that was not sheltered due to depletion and other non-cash deductions. State Total Current Deferred Federal State Total Deferred Provision for income taxes 

 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 Statutory rate Income tax provision computed at statutory rate Reconciling items: State income taxes Non-controlling interest ) ) ) Income at OpCo ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance - federal ) Change in valuation allowance - state ) ) ) Other, net ) Provision for income taxes Deferred income taxes primarily represent the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The components of the Partnership s deferred taxes are detailed in the table below. Federal tax loss carryforwards State tax loss carryforwards Business interest deduction limitation Deferred tax asset Valuation allowance ) ) ) Net deferred tax asset The tax years ended December 31, 2020 through 2023 remain open to examination under the applicable statute of limitations in the United States and other jurisdictions in which the Partnership and its subsidiaries file income tax returns. In some instances, state statutes of limitations are longer than those under United States federal tax law. The Partnership believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from the outside basis differences in the Partnership s investment in the Operating Company and its federal and state loss carryforward will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, the Partnership has provided a valuation allowance of million on the deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2023, the Partnership has not recorded a reserve for any uncertain tax positions. monthly services fee was paid to BJF Royalties. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Partnership made payments to K3 Royalties in the amount of . John Wynne, the son of Mitch S. Wynne, acts as the Partnership s agent at Higginbotham Insurance Financial Services, which provides director and officer insurance to the Partnership. John Wynne derived a commission of 

 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 for the year ended December 31, 2023, for the placement of the Partnership s insurance coverage. The Partnership s annual premium expense was approximately for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Partnership received in reimbursements from Rivercrest Capital Management, LLC for shared operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023. Commencing on the date of the TGR IPO, TGR agreed to pay the Partnership a total of per quarter for office space utilities, secretarial support and administrative services provided to members of the management team. During the year ended December 31, 2023, TGR incurred as part of this service agreement. Such fees were eliminated in consolidation. Upon TGR s liquidation, TGR ceased paying these monthly fees. for the four-month period ending January 13, 2024, at which the Transition Services Agreement was terminated by the Partnership. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Partnership paid million in Transition Services Agreement costs. per common unit and per OpCo common unit for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. The Partnership intends to pay this distribution on March 20, 2024 to common unitholders and OpCo common unitholders of record as of the close of business on March 13, 2024. As to the Partnership, of the OpCo common unit distribution corresponds to a tax payment made by the Partnership in the fourth quarter of 2023. Under the limited liability company agreement of the Operating Company, the Partnership is not reimbursed by the Operating Company for federal income taxes paid by the Partnership. The Partnership will pay a quarterly cash distribution on the Series A preferred units of approximately million for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. We intend to pay the distribution subsequent to March 13, 2024 and prior to the distribution on the common units and OpCo common units. Executive Bonus and LTIP Issuance On February 19, 2024, the Conflicts and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved short-term incentive cash bonuses for executive officers of approximately million and the issuance of restricted units to its employees and directors. 

 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 ) Class B units Non-controlling interest in OpCo Total unitholders' equity December 31, 2022 As Reported Adjustments As Adjusted Common units ) Class B units Non-controlling interest in OpCo ) Total unitholders' equity December 31, 2023 As Reported Adjustments As Adjusted Common units ) Class B units Non-controlling interest in OpCo Total unitholders' equity Change in Ownership of Consolidated Subsidiaries In addition to the error noted above related to the changes in ownership of OpCo, the Partnership added a new line item to its consolidated statement of changes in unitholders equity Changes in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net. This adjustment is included in the adjustment balances noted above. Non-controlling interest in the accompanying consolidated financial statements represents the non-controlling interest in the net assets of the Operating Company. The Partnership s relative ownership interest in OpCo can change due to the Partnership s public offerings, issuance of units for acquisitions, issuance of unit-based compensation, conversion 

 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in ownership of consolidated subsidiaries, net ) Change from net income attributable to the Partnership's unitholders and transfers to non-controlling interest reportable operating segment, which is oil and gas producing activities in the United States. See the Partnership s accompanying consolidated statements of operations for information about results of operations for oil and gas producing activities. Capitalized Oil and Natural Gas Costs Aggregate capitalized costs related to oil and natural gas production activities with applicable accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization are as follows: Unevaluated properties Total oil, natural gas and NGL interests Accumulated depreciation, depletion, accretion and impairment ) ) Net oil, natural gas and NGL interests capitalized Costs Incurred in Oil and Natural Gas Activities Costs incurred in oil, natural gas and NGL acquisition and development activities are as follows: Unevaluated properties Total Development costs Proved properties Total Total costs incurred on oil, natural gas and NGL activities 

 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 Lease bonus and other income Production and ad valorem taxes ) ) ) Depreciation and depletion expense ) ) ) Impairment of oil and natural gas properties ) Marketing and other deductions ) ) ) Results of operations from oil, natural gas and NGLs The following tables summarize the net ownership interest in the proved oil, natural gas and NGL reserves and the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows related to the proved oil, natural gas and NGL reserves. The estimates were prepared by the Partnership based on reserve reports prepared by Ryder Scott for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. The proved oil, natural gas and NGL reserve estimates and other components of the standardized measure were determined in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the FASB and the SEC. Proved Oil, Natural Gas and NGL Reserve Quantities Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations. Proved developed reserves are proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods, or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well. A Boe conversion ratio of six thousand cubic feet per barrel (6mcf/Bbl) of natural gas to barrels of oil equivalence is based on an energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip and does not represent a price equivalency at the wellhead. All Boe conversions in the report are derived from converting gas to oil in the ratio mix of six thousand cubic feet of gas to one barrel of oil. 

 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 Revisions of previous estimates (1) Purchase of minerals in place (2) Production ) ) ) ) Net proved reserves at December 31, 2021 Revisions of previous estimates (1) ) Purchase of minerals in place (3) Production ) ) ) ) Net proved reserves at December 31, 2022 Revisions of previous estimates (1) Purchase of minerals in place (4) Production ) ) ) ) Net proved reserves at December 31, 2023 Net proved developed reserves December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2023 

 (1) Revisions of previous estimates include technical revisions due to changes in commodity prices, historical and projected performance and other factors. (2) Includes the acquisition of mineral and royalty interests for a total of million, primarily consisting of mineral and royalty interests in the Permian Basin, Mid-Continent, Haynesville and other leading U.S. basins. (3) Includes the acquisition of mineral and royalty interests for a total of million, primarily consisting of mineral and royalty interests in the Permian Basin. (4) Includes the acquisition of mineral and royalty interests, primarily consisting of mineral and royalty interests in the Permian Basin and Mid-Continent. 
 Revisions represent changes in previous reserves estimates, either upward or downward, resulting from new information normally obtained from development drilling and production history or resulting from a change in economic factors, such as commodity prices, operating costs or development costs. Standardized Measure Future production costs ) ) ) Future state margin taxes ) ) ) Future net cash flows Less 10 annual discount to reflect timing of cash flows ) ) ) Standard measure of discounted future net cash flows Reserve estimates and future cash flows are based on the average market prices for sales of oil, natural gas and NGL adjusted for basis differentials, on the first calendar day of each month during the year. The average prices used for 2023, 2022 and 2021 were , and per barrel for crude oil and , and per Mcf for natural gas, respectively. 

 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 Sales, net of production costs ) ) ) Net changes of prices and production costs related to future production ) Revisions of previous quantity estimates, net of related costs Net changes in state margin taxes ) ) Accretion of discount Purchases of reserves in place Timing differences and other ) Standardized measure - end of year 

 F-34 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 krp-20231231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We have issued our report dated February 21, 2024 (except for Note 1 and Note 18, as to which the date is November 8, 2024) with respect to the consolidated financial statements and our report dated February 21, 2024 (except for the effect of the material weakness described in the third paragraph, as to which the date is November 8, 2024) with respect to the internal control over financial reporting, both included in the Annual Report of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP on Forms S-3 (File Nos. 333-226425, 333-229417, 333-230986, 333-236341, 333-238330, 333-269264, 333-272307, 333-273609 and 333-274726) and on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-217986, 333-228678, 333-265288, and 333-279078). /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Dallas, Texas November 8, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 krp-20231231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Robert D. Ravnaas, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Robert D. Ravnaas Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 krp-20231231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, R. Davis Ravnaas, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ R. Davis Ravnaas President and Chief Financial Officer of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 krp-20231231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert D. Ravnaas, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Robert D. Ravnaas Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 krp-20231231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, R. Davis Ravnaas, Chief Financial Officer of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ R. Davis Ravnaas President and Chief Financial Officer of Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, the general partner of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 krp-20231231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 krp-20231231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 krp-20231231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 krp-20231231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

