<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_820318_0000820318-24-000035.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7612829</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89240</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1429284</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2345239</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1892732</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1717828</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000820318-24-000035.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106162259
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000820318-24-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COHERENT CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000820318
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPTICAL INSTRUMENTS & LENSES [3827]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				251214948
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39375
		FILM NUMBER:		241431386

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		375 SAXONBURG BLVD
		CITY:			SAXONBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-352-4455

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		375 SAXONBURG BLVD
		CITY:			SAXONBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	II-VI INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000820318-24-000035.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 iivi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

iivi-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 \ 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________________ Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 for the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number: 
 ________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ________________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 ________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 At November 4, 2024, shares of Common Stock, no par value, of the registrant were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 COHERENT CORP. 
 INDEX Page No. PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements: 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity and Mezzanine Equity Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 31 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 31 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 32 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Coherent Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 000) 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, current Accounts receivable - less allowance for doubtful accounts of at September 30, 2024 and at June 30, 2024 
 Inventories Prepaid and refundable income taxes Prepaid and other current assets Total Current Assets Property, plant equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Restricted cash, non-current Other assets Total Assets Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity and Equity Current Liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Operating lease current liabilities Accrued income taxes payable Other accrued liabilities Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total Liabilities Mezzanine Equity Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock, par value, cumulative; issued - shares at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024; redemption value - and , respectively 
 Shareholders' Equity Common stock, par value; authorized - shares; issued - shares at September 30, 2024; shares at June 30, 2024 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) 
 Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; shares at September 30, 2024 and shares at June 30, 2024 
 ) ) Total Coherent Corp. Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling interests (NCI) Total Equity Total Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity and Equity 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Coherent Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 000, except per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenues Costs, Expenses, and Other Expense (Income) Cost of goods sold Research and development Selling, general and administrative Restructuring charges Interest expense Other income, net 
 ) ) Total Costs, Expenses, Other Expense 
 Earnings (Loss) Before Income Taxes 
 ) Income Tax Benefit 
 ) ) Net Earnings (Loss) 
 ) Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests ) Net Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Coherent Corp. ) Less: Dividends on Preferred Stock Net Loss Available to the Common Shareholders 
 ) ) Basic Loss Per Share 
 ) ) Diluted Loss Per Share 
 ) ) See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Coherent Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 000) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net Earnings (Loss) 
 ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap, net of taxes of for the three months ended September 30, 2024; and ) for the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 ) Change in fair value of interest rate cap, net of taxes of ) for the three months ended September 30, 2024; and for the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 ) Pension adjustment, net of taxes of for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 ) Comprehensive Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests ) Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Coherent Corp. ) 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Coherent Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 000) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net earnings (loss) 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation Amortization Share-based compensation expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Non-cash restructuring charges Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment ) ) Unrealized losses (gains) on foreign currency remeasurements and transactions 
 ) Loss (earnings) from equity investments ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash from changes in (net of effect of acquisitions): Accounts receivable Inventories ) ) Accounts payable Contract liabilities ) ) Income taxes ) ) Accrued compensation and benefits ) Other operating net assets (liabilities) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Additions to property, plant equipment ) ) Proceeds from the sale of business Other investing activities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Payments on existing debt ) ) Proceeds from exercises of stock options and purchases of stock under employee stock purchase plan Payments in satisfaction of employees' minimum tax obligations ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash at Beginning of Period Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash at End of Period Supplemental Information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Additions to property, plant equipment included in accounts payable Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Conversion of Series A preferred stock to common stock 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts shown in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 September 30, 2024 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, current Restricted cash, non-current Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Coherent Corp and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity and Mezzanine Equity (Unaudited) 
 000, including share amounts) 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock AOCI Retained Earnings Treasury Stock NCI Total Mezzanine Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Pref Shares Amount Balance - June 30, 2024 ) ) Share-based and deferred compensation ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Change in fair value of interest rate swap, net of taxes of 
 Change in fair value of interest rate cap, net of taxes of ) 
 ) ) Pension adjustment, net of taxes of 
 ) ) Dividends ) ) Balance - September 30, 2024 ) ) 

Common Stock Preferred Stock AOCI Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Mezzanine Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount NCI Pref Shares Amount Balance - June 30, 2023 ) ) Share-based and deferred compensation ) ) Conversion of Series A preferred stock ) ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap, net of taxes of ) 
 ) ) Change in fair value of interest rate cap, net of taxes of 
 Pension adjustment, net of taxes of 
 Dividends ) ) Balance - September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Coherent Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 

Note 2. 
 
 Note 3. 
 9 

Communications Electronics Instrumentation Total Revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Networking Materials Lasers Total Industrial Communications Electronics Instrumentation Total Revenues 
 Contract Liabilities 
 million related to customer payments that were included as contract liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2024. We had million of contract liabilities recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, million of contract liabilities is included within Other accrued liabilities, and million is included within Other liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Note 4. 
 Work in progress Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 Note 5. 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Finance lease right-of-use asset Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6. 
 Foreign currency translation Balance-end of period 
 We test goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that fair value is below carrying value. 
 ) ) Trade Names ) ) Customer Lists ) ) Backlog and Other ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Note 7. 
 
 Debt issuance costs, Term A Facility and Revolving Credit Facility ) ) Term B Facility, interest at adjusted SOFR, as defined, plus 
 Debt issuance costs, Term B Facility ) ) Term loan 
 Facility construction loan in Germany Senior Notes 
 Debt issuance costs and discount, Senior Notes ) ) Total debt Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt, less current portion 
 Senior Credit Facilities 
 On July 1, 2022 (the Closing Date ), Coherent entered into a Credit Agreement by and among the Company, as borrower (in such capacity, the Borrower ), the lenders, and other parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, which provides for senior secured financing of billion, consisting of a term loan A credit facility (the Term A Facility ), with an aggregate principal amount of million, a term loan B credit facility (the Term B Facility and, together with the Term A Facility, the Term Facilities ), with an aggregate principal amount of million, and a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), in an aggregate available amount of million, including a letter of credit sub-facility of up to million. On March 31, 2023, Coherent entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, which replaced the adjusted LIBOR-based rate of interest therein with an adjusted SOFR-based rate of interest. As amended, the Term A Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility each bear interest at an adjusted SOFR rate subject to a floor plus a range of to , based on the Company s total net leverage ratio. The Term A Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility borrowings bear interest at adjusted SOFR plus as of September 30, 2024. On April 2, 2024, Coherent entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, under which the principal amount of term B loans outstanding under 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 floor) plus as of September 30, 2024. The maturity of the New Term Loans and revolving credit facility remains unchanged. Debt extinguishment costs related to the replacement of the Existing Term B Loans of million were expensed in Other income, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Earnings (Loss) during the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 In relation to the Term Facilities, the Company incurred interest expense, including amortization of debt issuance costs and the benefit of the interest rate cap and swap, of million and million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, which is included in Interest expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss). On July 1, 2023, our interest rate cap became effective, which together with our interest rate swap, reduced interest expense by million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The amortization of debt issuance costs included in interest expense was million and million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Debt issuance costs are presented as a reduction to debt within the Long-term debt caption in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 On the Closing Date, the Borrower and certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries provided a guaranty of all obligations of the Borrower and the other loan parties under the Credit Agreement and the other loan documents, secured cash management agreements and secured hedge agreements with the lenders and/or their affiliates (subject to certain exceptions). The Borrower and the other guarantors have also granted a security interest in substantially all of their assets to secure such obligations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Term Facilities. 
 Debt Assumed through Acquisition 
 We assumed the remaining balances of term loans with the closing of the acquisition of Coherent, Inc. The aggregate principal amount outstanding is million as of September 30, 2024. The term loans assumed consisted of the following: (i) Term Loan (repaid prior to September 30, 2024), (ii) State of Connecticut Term Loan due 2023 (repaid in fiscal 2023), and (iii) Facility construction loan in Germany. For the Facility construction loan, on December 21, 2020, Coherent LaserSystems GmbH Co. KG entered into a loan agreement with Commerzbank for borrowings of up to million Euros, which were drawn down by October 29, 2021, to finance a portion of the construction of a new facility in Germany. The term of the loan is years, and borrowings bear interest at per annum. Payments are made quarterly. 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 On December 10, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes pursuant to the indenture, dated as of December 10, 2021 (the Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The Senior Notes are guaranteed by each of the Company s domestic subsidiaries that guarantee its obligations under the Senior Credit Facilities. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable on December 15 and June 15 of each year, commencing on June 15, 2022, at a rate of per annum. The Senior Notes will mature on December 15, 2029 . 
 On or after December 15, 2024, the Company may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. In addition, at any time prior to December 15, 2024, the Company may redeem the Senior Notes, at its option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes redeemed, plus a make-whole premium set forth in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time and from time to time prior to December 15, 2024, the Company may redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes using the proceeds of certain equity offerings as set forth in the Indenture, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. 
 In relation to the Senior Notes, the Company incurred interest expense of million in both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, which is included in Interest expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss). 
 The Indenture contains customary covenants and events of default, including default relating to, among other things, payment default, failure to comply with covenants or agreements contained in the Indenture or the Senior Notes and certain provisions related to bankruptcy events. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Indenture. 
 Aggregate Availability 
 The Company had aggregate availability of million under its Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 12 

Note 8.) at September 30, 2024 compared to for the period ending September 30, 2023. The difference between the Company s effective tax rate and the U.S. statutory rate of is primarily due to a discrete benefit relating to share-based compensation and tax rate differentials between U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. 
 U.S. GAAP prescribes the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements which includes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefit, excluding interest and penalties, was million and million, respectively. The Company has classified the uncertain tax positions as non-current income tax liabilities, as the amounts are not expected to be paid within one year. Due to the U.S. valuation allowance, a large portion of the gross unrecognized tax benefit will not impact the tax rate if recognized. As of September 30, 2024, million of the gross unrecognized tax benefit would impact the effective tax rate if recognized. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in the income tax provision in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss). The amount of accrued interest and penalties included in the gross unrecognized income tax benefit was million and million at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Fiscal years 2018 and 2020 to 2023 remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service, fiscal years 2019 to 2023 remain open to examination by certain state jurisdictions, and fiscal years 2012 to 2023 remain open to examination by certain foreign taxing jurisdictions. The Company is currently under examination for certain subsidiary companies in Vietnam for the years ended June 30, 2017 through September 30, 2021; Singapore for the year ended September 30, 2020; Korea for the year ended September 30, 2021; Spain for the years ended September 30, 2020 through September 30, 2022; and Germany for the years ended June 30, 2012 through September 30, 2020. The Company believes its income tax reserves for these tax matters are adequate. 
 
 Note 9. 
 13 

Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Operating lease cost Total lease cost Cash Paid for Amounts Included in the Measurement of Lease Liabilities Operating cash flows from finance leases Operating cash flows from operating leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Weighted-Average Remaining Lease Term (in Years) Finance leases Operating leases Weighted-Average Discount Rate Finance leases Operating leases 
 
 Note 10. 
 million shares of our preferred stock. As of September 30, 2024, million shares of mandatory preferred convertible shares have been authorized, are outstanding; shares of Series B-1 convertible preferred stock, no par value, have been issued and are outstanding; and shares of Series B-2 convertible preferred stock, no par value, have been issued and are outstanding. 
 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 In July 2020, the Company issued million shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 All outstanding shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock were converted to shares of Company Common Stock on July 3, 2023, at a conversion ratio of , and shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are currently issued and outstanding. 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 
 In March 2021, the Company issued shares of Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, no par value per share Series B-1 Preferred Stock ), for per share, resulting in an aggregate purchase price of million. On July 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, no par value per share Series B-2 Preferred Stock and, together with the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock ), for per share and an aggregate purchase price of billion. 
 The shares of Series B Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of Coherent Common Stock as follows: 
 at the election of the holder, at an initial conversion price of per share (as it may be adjusted from time to time, the Conversion Price upon the delivery by Coherent to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock of an offer to repurchase the Series B-1 Preferred Stock upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Statement with Respect to Shares establishing the Series B Preferred Stock as defined below); and 
 at the election of the Company, any time following March 31, 2024 and July 1, 2025 for the Series B-1 and B-2 Preferred Stock, respectively, at the then-applicable Conversion Price if the volume-weighted average price of Coherent Common Stock exceeds of the then-applicable Conversion Price for trading days out of any consecutive trading days. 
 14 

days, the dividend rate will increase to per annum and will be increased by an additional per annum each quarter the Company remains in default, not to exceed per annum. 
 The Series B Preferred Stock is redeemable for cash outside of the control of the Company upon the exercise of the Put Right, and upon a Fundamental Change, and is therefore classified as mezzanine equity. 
 The Series B Preferred Stock is initially measured at fair value less issuance costs, accreted to its redemption value over a period (using the effective interest method) with such accretion accounted for as deemed dividends and reductions to Net Earnings (Loss) Available to Common Shareholders. 
 Preferred stock dividends are presented as a reduction to Retained earnings on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Dividends 000) Deemed dividends 000) 
 
 Note 11. 
 Class A Common Units to Denso Corporation Denso for pursuant to an Investment Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2023, by and between Silicon Carbide and Denso and (ii) the sale of Class A Common units 
 15 

pursuant to an Investment Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2023, by and between Silicon Carbide and MELCO (collectively, the Equity Investments ). 
 As a consequence of the Equity Investments, the Company s ownership interest in the Class A Common Units of Silicon Carbide LLC was reduced to approximately . Denso and MELCO each, individually, own approximately of the Class A Common Units of Silicon Carbide. 
 The Equity Investments in Silicon Carbide enables Coherent to increase its available free cash flow to provide greater financial and operational flexibility to execute its capital allocation priorities, as the aggregate billion investment, net of transaction costs, will be used to fund future capital expansion of Silicon Carbide. 
 Share of foreign currency translation adjustments Net loss ) Balance-end of period 

Note 12. 
 ) Deduct Series B dividends and deemed dividends ) ) Basic loss available to common shareholders ) ) Diluted loss available to common shareholders ) ) Diluted weighted average common shares Basic loss per common share ) ) Diluted loss per common share ) ) 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Total anti-dilutive shares 
 
 Note 13. 
 segments: (i) Networking, (ii) Materials, and (iii) Lasers. Our CODM receives and reviews financial information based on these segments. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025 as a result of a new CEO joining the Company in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, our CODM implemented changes in the measure he uses to allocate resources and assess performance. Our CODM now evaluates each segment s performance and allocates resources based on segment revenue and segment profit, instead of operating income, as our CODM believes segment profit is a more comprehensive profitability measure for each operating segment. Segment profit includes operating expenses directly managed by operating segments, including research and development, direct sales, marketing and administrative expenses. Segment profit does not include share-based compensation, acquisition or integration related costs, amortization and impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets, restructuring charges, and certain other charges. Additionally, effective the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we no longer allocate Corporate strategic research and development, strategic marketing and sales expenses and shared general and administrative expenses, as these expenses are not directly attributable to our operating segments. The segments are managed separately due to the market, production requirements and facilities unique to each segment. The accounting policies are consistent across each segment. Effective the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we no longer allocate corporate assets to the segments. 
 Comparative prior period segment information has been recast to conform to the new segment profitability measure. The change in our operating segment measure had no impact on our previously reported consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Materials Lasers Total segment revenue Intersegment revenue Networking Materials Lasers Unallocated ) ) Total intersegment revenue Segment profit Networking Materials Lasers Total segment profit Unallocated Corporate items: Corporate and centralized function costs (1) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) Restructuring costs (2) 
 ) ) Integration, site consolidated and other costs (3) 
 ) ) Amortization of intangibles ) ) Start-up costs ) Interest expense ) ) Other (income) expense, net Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Expenditures for property, plant, and equipment Networking Materials Lasers Total expenditures for property, plant, and equipment Segment assets and reconciliation to total assets Networking Materials Lasers Corporate and shared services Total assets 
 (1) We do not allocate corporate and centralized function costs that are not directly attributable to our operating segments. 
 (2) See Note 17. Restructuring Plan for further information. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million consulting costs related to projects to integrate recent acquisitions into common technology systems and simplify legal entity structure, million of manufacturing inefficiencies, employee severance and retention costs and duplicative labor related to sites being shut down as part of our 2023 Restructuring Plan or Synergy and Site Consolidation Plan, million charges for products that are end-of-life and million of severance related to the retirement of executives. Integration and site consolidation costs in the three months ended September 30, 2023 include million of manufacturing inefficiencies, employee severance and retention costs and duplicative labor related to sites being shut down as part of our 2023 Restructuring Plan or Synergy and Site Consolidation Plan, million consulting costs related to projects to integrate recent acquisitions into common technology systems and simplify legal entity structure, million charges for products that are end-of-life, including inventory, production equipment to produce those products and million of severance related to the retirement of executives. 
 
 Note 14. 
 shares of Coherent Common Stock, not including any remaining shares forfeited under the predecessor plans that may be rolled into the Plan. Certain awards under the Plan have certain vesting provisions predicated upon the death, retirement or disability of the grantee. 
 On the Closing Date, the Company assumed the Coherent, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan Coherent, Inc. Plan and the Coherent, Inc. unvested restricted stock units Converted RSUs that are generally subject to the same terms and conditions that applied to the Converted RSUs immediately prior to the Closing Date. After the Closing Date, the Company granted restricted stock units under the Coherent, Inc. Plan through August 28, 2023. The Coherent, Inc. Plan was terminated upon adoption of the Plan in November 2023. additional awards will be granted under the Coherent, Inc. Plan. 
 On June 3, 2024, the Board of Directors granted restricted stock units vesting over from date of grant and performance stock units vesting over the approximate period ending June 30, 2027, to the new CEO. The grants were non-Plan employment inducement awards as contemplated by the New York Stock Exchange Listing Rule 303A.08 and therefore were not made pursuant to the Plan. 
 On October 11, 2024, the Board of Directors granted and restricted stock units vesting over and , respectively, from date of grant and performance stock units vesting over the approximate period ending June 30, 2027, to the new CFO. The grants were non-Plan employment inducement awards as contemplated by the New York Stock Exchange Listing Rule 303A.08 and therefore were not made pursuant to the Plan. 
 The Company has an Employee Stock Purchase Plan whereby eligible employees may authorize payroll deductions of up to , or such other percentage up to that the Company determines, of their regular base salary to purchase shares at the lower of of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of commencement of the offering or on the last day of the offering period. 
 ) Restricted Share Awards and Cash-Based Restricted Share Unit Awards Performance Share Awards and Cash-Based Performance Share Unit Awards Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Note 15. 
 The classification of fair value measurements within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement. 
 We entered into an interest rate swap with a notional amount of million to limit the exposure to our variable interest rate debt by effectively converting it to a fixed interest rate. Through February 28, 2023, we received payments based on the one-month LIBOR and made payments based on a fixed rate of . We received payments with a floor of . The interest rate swap agreement had an effective date of November 24, 2019, with an expiration date of September 24, 2024. The initial notional amount of the interest rate swap decreased to million in June 2022, and remained at that amount through its expiration on September 24, 2024. On March 20, 2023, we amended our million interest rate swap Amended Swap ), effective as of February 28, 2023, to replace the current reference rate (LIBOR) with SOFR, to be consistent with Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement. See Note 7. Debt for further information. Under the Amended Swap, we received payments based on the one-month SOFR and made payments based on a fixed rate of . We received payments with a floor of . We designated this instrument as a cash flow hedge, and deemed the hedge relationship effective at inception of the contract and the amended contract. 
 The interest rate swap expired on September 30, 2024. The fair value of the interest rate swap of million is recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet within Prepaid and other current assets as of June 30, 2024. Changes in fair value were recorded within AOCI on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and reclassified into the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss) as interest expense in the period in which the underlying transaction affected earnings. Cash flows from hedging activities were reported in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the same classification as the hedged item, generally as a component of cash flows from operations. The fair value of the interest rate swap was determined using widely accepted valuation techniques and reflected the contractual terms of the interest rate swap including the period to maturity, and while there were no quoted prices in active markets, it used observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The fair value analysis also considered a credit valuation adjustment to reflect nonperformance risk of both the Company and the single counterparty. The interest rate swap was classified as a Level 2 item within the fair value hierarchy. 
 On February 23, 2022, we entered into an interest rate cap (the Cap with an effective date of July 1, 2023. On March 20, 2023, we amended the Cap to replace the current reference rate (LIBOR) with SOFR, to be consistent with Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement. See Note 7. Debt for further information. The Cap manages our exposure to interest rate movements on a portion of our floating rate debt. The Cap provides us with the right to receive payment if one-month SOFR exceeds . Beginning in July 2023, we began to pay a fixed monthly premium based on an annual rate of for the Cap. The Cap will carry a notional amount ranging from million to million. On September 1, 2024, we increased the notional amount from million to million. The fair value of the interest rate cap of million and million is recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet within Prepaid and other current assets and Other assets as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 
 The Cap, as amended, is designed to mirror the terms of the Credit Agreement as amended on March 31, 2023. We designated the Cap as a cash flow hedge of the variability of the SOFR based interest payments on the Term Facilities. Every period over the life of the hedging relationship, the entire change in fair value related to the hedging instrument will first be recorded within Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Amounts accumulated in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified into interest expense in the same period or periods in which interest expense is recognized on the Credit Agreement, or its direct replacement. The fair value of the Cap is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques and reflects the contractual terms of the Cap including the period to maturity, and while there are no quoted prices in active markets, it uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The fair value analysis also considers a credit valuation adjustment to reflect nonperformance risk of both the Company and the single counterparty. The Cap is classified as a Level 2 item within the fair value hierarchy. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Term A Facility Term B Facility 
 Our borrowings, including our lease obligations and the Debt Facilities, are considered Level 2 among the fair value hierarchy. 
 Cash and cash equivalents are considered Level 1 among the fair value hierarchy and approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of those investments. 
 At September 30, 2024, total restricted cash of million includes million of cash in Silicon Carbide LLC that is restricted for use only by that subsidiary and million of cash restricted for other purposes in other entities. At June 30, 2024, total restricted cash of million includes million of cash in Silicon Carbide LLC that is restricted for use only by that subsidiary and million of cash restricted for other purposes in other entities. The restricted cash is invested in money market accounts and time deposits, with maturities of one year or less, that are held-to-maturity, are considered Level 1 among the fair value hierarchy and approximate fair value. Restricted cash that is expected to be spent and released from restriction after 12 months is classified as non-current on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 We, from time to time, purchase foreign currency forward exchange contracts that permit us to sell specified amounts of these foreign currencies for pre-established U.S. dollar amounts at specified dates that represent assets or liabilities on the balance sheets of certain subsidiaries. These contracts are entered into for the purpose of limiting translational exposure to changes in currency exchange rates and which otherwise would expose our earnings, on the revaluation of our aggregate net assets or liabilities in respective currencies, to foreign currency risk. At September 30, 2024, we had foreign currency forward contracts recorded at fair value. The fair values of these instruments were measured using valuations based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets (Level 2) and are valued by reference to similar financial instruments, adjusted for credit risk and restrictions and other terms specific to the contracts. Realized gains related to these contracts for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were million and realized losses related to these contracts for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were million and were included in Other income, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss). 
 
 Note 16.) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) AOCI - September 30, 2024 ) 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Note 17. 
 million of charges primarily for impairment losses associated with the sale of our Newton Aycliffe business, accelerated depreciation, and site move costs. In the three months ended September 30, 2023, these activities resulted in million of charges primarily for employee termination costs as well as site move costs, write-off of property and equipment and acceleration of depreciation. We expect the restructuring actions to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2025. However, the actual timing and costs associated with these restructuring actions may differ from our current expectations and estimates and such differences may be material. 
 Restructuring charges (recoveries) ) Payments ) ) Asset write-offs and other ) ) ) Balance - September 30, 2024 
 
 Severance 
 Asset Write-Offs 
 Other 
 Total Accrual 
 Balance - June 30, 2023 Restructuring charges Payments ) ) Asset write-offs and other ) ) ) Balance - September 30, 2023 
 
 At September 30, 2024, million and million of accrued severance related costs were included in other accrued liabilities and other liabilities, respectively, and are expected to result in cash expenditures through fiscal 2028. The current year severance related recoveries are primarily comprised of adjustments to accruals for severance pay for employees being terminated due to the consolidation of certain manufacturing sites, with severance recorded in accordance with ASC 712. The prior year severance related costs are primarily comprised of severance pay for employees being terminated due to the consolidation of certain manufacturing sites, with severance recorded in accordance with ASC 712. 
 By segment, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, million of restructuring costs were incurred in the Materials segment, and an immaterial amount of restructuring costs were incurred in the Lasers and Networking segments. By segment, for the three months ended September 30, 2023, million of restructuring costs were incurred in the Materials segment, partially offset by million of restructuring recoveries in the Networking segment. Restructuring charges and recoveries are recorded in Restructuring Charges in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss). 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is designed to provide a reader of Coherent s financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included under Item 1 of this quarterly report. Coherent s MD A is presented in the following sections: 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Overview 
 Restructuring and Site Consolidation 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Forward-looking statements in Item 2 may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those projected (refer to Part II Item 1A for discussion of these risks and uncertainties). 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements contained in the MD A are forward-looking statements as defined by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding projected growth rates, markets, product development, financial position, capital expenditures and foreign currency exposure. Forward-looking statements are also identified by words such as expects, anticipates, intends, believes, plans, projects or similar expressions. 
 Although our management considers the expectations and assumptions on which the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based to have a reasonable basis, there can be no assurance that management s expectations, beliefs or projections as expressed in the forward-looking statements will actually occur or prove to be correct. In addition to general industry and global economic conditions, factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to: (i) the failure of any one or more of the expectations or assumptions on which such forward-looking statements are based to prove to be correct; and (ii) the risks relating to forward-looking statements and other Risk Factors discussed in Item 1A in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and in the Company's other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company disclaims any obligation to update information contained in these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or developments, or otherwise. 
 In addition, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment; new risk factors can arise, and it is not possible for management to anticipate all such risk factors, or to assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any individual risk factor, or combination of risk factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based only on information currently available to us and speak only as of the date of this Report. We do not assume any obligation, and do not intend, to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by the securities laws. Investors should, however, consult any further disclosures of a forward-looking nature that the Company may make in its subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, or other disclosures filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 Investors should also be aware that, while the Company does communicate with securities analysts from time to time, such communications are conducted in accordance with applicable securities laws. Investors should not assume that the Company agrees with any statement, conclusion of any analysis, or report issued by any analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report. 
 
 Overview 
 Coherent Corp. Coherent , the Company, we, us or our ), a global leader in materials, networking, and lasers, is a vertically integrated manufacturing company that develops, manufactures and markets engineered materials, optoelectronic components and devices, and lasers for use in the industrial, communications, electronics, and instrumentation markets. Headquartered in Saxonburg, Pennsylvania, Coherent has research and development, manufacturing, sales, service, and distribution facilities worldwide. Coherent produces a wide variety of lasers, along with application-specific photonic and electronic materials and components, and deploys them in various forms, including integrated with advanced software to enable its customers. 
 23 

We generate almost all of our revenues, earnings and cash flows from developing, manufacturing and marketing a broad portfolio of products and services for our end markets. We also generate revenue, earnings and cash flows from externally-funded research and development contracts relating to the development and manufacture of new technologies, materials and products. 
 Our customer base includes original equipment manufacturers; laser end-users; system integrators of high-power lasers; manufacturers of equipment and devices for our end markets. 
 As we grow, we are focused on scaling our Company and deriving the continued benefits of vertical integration as we strive to be a best-in-class player in all of our highly competitive markets. We may elect to change the way in which we operate or are organized in the future to enable the most efficient implementation of our strategy. 
 Restructuring and Site Consolidation 
 Restructuring Plan 
 On May 23, 2023, the Board of Directors approved the Company s May 2023 Restructuring Plan which includes site consolidations, facilities moves and closures, as well as the relocation and requalification of certain manufacturing facilities. These restructuring actions are expected to be accompanied by other cost reductions and are intended to realign our cost structure as part of a transformation to a simpler, more streamlined, resilient and sustainable business model. 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, these activities resulted in charges of 24 million, primarily for impairment losses associated with the sale of our Newton Aycliffe business, accelerated depreciation, and site move costs. In fiscal 2024, these activities resulted in charges of 27 million, primarily for accelerated depreciation, the write-off of property and equipment, and site move costs, with 3 million of those charges in the three months ended September 30, 2023. In fiscal 2023, these activities resulted in 119 million of charges primarily for employee termination costs, and the write-off of property and equipment, net of 65 million from reimbursement arrangements. We expect the restructuring actions to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2025. However, the actual timing and costs associated with these restructuring actions may differ from our current expectations and estimates and such differences may be material. See Note 17. Restructuring Plan to the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 Synergy and Site Consolidation Plan 
 On May 20, 2023, the Company announced that it has accelerated some of the actions planned as part of its multi-year synergy and site consolidation efforts following the acquisition of Coherent, Inc., including site consolidations and relocations to lower cost sites. These relocations and other actions are expected to result in the Company achieving its previously announced 250 million synergy plan, which includes savings from supply chain management, internal supply of enabling materials and components, operational efficiencies in all functions due to scale, global functional model efficiencies and consolidation of corporate costs. In the three months ended September 30, 2024, the acceleration of these activities resulted in 4 million of charges primarily for overlapping labor related to transition of manufacturing operations to other sites and shut down costs, partially offset by a benefit from the reversal of employee termination costs previously accrued. In fiscal 2024, the acceleration of these activities resulted in 40 million of charges primarily for overlapping labor related to transition of manufacturing operations to other sites, shut down costs for sites being exited, accelerated depreciation and employee termination costs, with 8 million of those charges in the three months ended September 30, 2023. In fiscal 2023, the acceleration of these activities resulted in 20 million in charges primarily for employee termination costs, the write-off of inventory for products that are being exited and shut down costs. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures are in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations require the Company s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. 
 Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 16, 2024 describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 See Note 2. Recently Issued Financial Accounting Standards to our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements. 
 24 

Results of Operations in millions, except per share data) 
 The following tables set forth select items from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in millions) (1) : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 of Revenues of Revenues Total revenues 1,348 100 1,053 100 Cost of goods sold 888 66 746 71 Gross margin 460 34 307 29 Operating expenses: Research and development 132 10 113 11 Selling, general and administrative 229 17 212 20 Restructuring charges 24 2 3 Interest and other, net 56 4 67 6 Earnings (loss) before income taxes 19 1 (88) (8) Income taxes (6) (21) (2) Net earnings (loss) 25 2 (67) (6) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (1) Net earnings (loss) attributable to Coherent Corp. 26 2 (67) (6) Diluted loss per share (0.04) (0.65) 
 (1) Some amounts may not add due to rounding. 
 
 Consolidated 
 Revenues. Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 28 to 1,348 million, compared to 1,053 million for the same period last fiscal year. Revenues increased 315 million (68 in the communications market in both our datacom and telecom revenue. The increases in datacom were driven primarily by AI datacenter demand. Increases in telecom were due to a combination of end-market improvement as well as our new products. In our remaining markets, which are primarily Industrial-related applications, revenue decreased 3 . Within these markets, on-going strength in display capital equipment volumes was more than offset by weakness in precision manufacturing and other subsegments. 
 From a segment perspective, Networking revenues increased 61 year-over-year related to AI datacenter demand in our communications market. Lasers revenue increased 4 year-over-year reflecting relatively stable end market demand. Materials revenues decreased 3 year-over-year, primarily due to weak automotive end market demand. 
 Gross margin. Gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 460 million, or 34 of total revenues, compared to 307 million, or 29 of total revenues, for the same period last fiscal year, an increase of 500 basis points. The increase as a percent of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to higher revenue volume and favorable mix as well as yield improvements. 
 Research and development. Research and development R D expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 132 million, or 10 of revenues, compared to 113 million, or 11 of revenues, for the same period last fiscal year. The decrease as a percentage of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by higher revenues partially offset by an increase in investment spending. The R D expenses are primarily related to continued investment in our product portfolios. 
 Selling, general and administrative. Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 229 million, or 17 of revenues, compared to 212 million, or 20 of revenues, for the same period last fiscal year. The decrease in SG A as a percentage of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period last fiscal year was primarily the result of higher sales volumes partially offset by the impact of higher variable compensation. 
 25 

Restructuring charges. Restructuring charges related to our Restructuring Plan for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 24 million and consist of impairment losses associated with the sale of our Newton Aycliffe business, accelerated depreciation, and move costs due to the consolidation of certain manufacturing sites. Restructuring charges related to our Restructuring Plan for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were 3 million and consisted of severance, move costs, equipment write-offs and accelerated depreciation due to the consolidation of certain manufacturing sites. See Note 17. Restructuring Plan included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 Interest and other, net. Interest and other, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was expense of 56 million, compared to expense of 67 million for the same period last fiscal year, a decrease of 11 million. Included in Interest and other, net, were interest expense on borrowings, foreign currency gains and losses, amortization of debt issuance costs, equity gains and losses from unconsolidated investments, and interest and dividend income on excess cash balances. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease of 11 million in comparison to the same period last fiscal year was driven by 13 million incremental interest and dividend income due to increases in interest rates earned on investments as well as the increase in restricted cash balances. In addition, 7 million lower interest expense primarily due to lower interest expense on our New Term B Loans resulting from lower balances and lower interest rates. Additionally, we recorded higher interest expense benefit from our interest rate cap and swap partially offset by 11 million higher foreign exchange losses primarily due to higher volatility of exchange rates during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Income taxes. The Company s year-to-date effective income tax rate at September 30, 2024 was (29) compared to an effective tax rate of 24 for the same period in 2024. The variations between the Company s effective tax rate and the U.S. statutory rate of 21 were due to tax rate differentials between U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. The current quarter rate was impacted by the recording of a 11 million windfall on stock awards due to the increase in stock price. 
 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 1 million, and represents the noncontrolling interest holders shares of losses of Silicon Carbide LLC. See Note 11. Noncontrolling Interests included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 
 Segment Reporting 
 Revenues and segment profit for the Company s reportable segments are discussed below. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025 as a result of a new CEO joining the Company in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM implemented changes in the measure he uses to allocate resources and assess performance. Our CODM now evaluates each segment s performance and allocates resources based on segment revenue and segment profit, instead of operating income, as our CODM believes segment profit is a more comprehensive profitability measure for each operating segment. Segment profit includes operating expenses directly managed by operating segments, including research and development, direct sales, marketing and administrative expenses. Segment profit does not include share-based compensation, acquisition or integration related costs, amortization and impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets, restructuring charges, and certain other charges. Additionally, effective the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we no longer allocate Corporate strategic research and development, strategic marketing and sales expenses and shared general and administrative expenses, as these expenses are not directly attributable to our operating segments. Management believes segment profit to be a useful measure for investors, as it reflects the results of segment performance over which management has direct control and is used by management in its evaluation of segment performance. See Note 13. Segment Reporting, to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information on the Company s reportable segments and for the reconciliation of the Company s segment profit to earnings (loss) before income taxes, which is incorporated herein by reference. We report our financial results in the following three designated segments: (i) Networking, (ii) Materials, and (iii) Lasers. 
 Comparative prior period segment information has been recast to conform to the new segment profitability measure. The change in our operating segment measure had no impact on our previously reported consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 Networking in millions) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase 2024 2023 Revenues 763 473 61 Segment profit 140 67 109 
 Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 61 to 763 million, compared to 473 million for the same period last fiscal year. The increase in revenue of 290 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was related to AI datacenter demand in our communications market resulting from increased volumes in the datacom vertical. 
 26 

Segment profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 109 to 140 million, compared to segment profit of 67 million for the same period last fiscal year. The increase in segment profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by higher revenues as well as a higher margin as a percentage of sales, partially offset by 14 million higher R D expenses. The margin percentage was higher than the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to the favorable impact of volume, yield and mix. 
 Materials in millions) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Revenues 237 245 (3) Segment profit 97 58 67 
 Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 3 to 237 million, compared to revenues of 245 million for the same period last fiscal year. Compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, Materials decreased 7 million year-over-year, with a decrease of 14 million in the electronics market primarily due to weak automotive end market demand as well as a decrease of 14 million in the industrial market due to macroeconomic conditions. The decreases were partially offset by 22 million higher volumes in the datacom vertical within the communications market. 
 Segment profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 67 to 97 million, compared to segment profit of 58 million for the same period last fiscal year, primarily driven by higher margin percentage, partially offset by higher R D spending on new projects and higher SG A expenses. The margin percentage was higher than the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to favorable product mix. 
 Lasers in millions) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase 2024 2023 Revenues 348 336 4 Segment profit 69 53 30 
 Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 4 to 348 million, compared to revenues of 336 million for the same period last fiscal year. The increase was primarily due to 18 million higher shipments to the industrial market due to higher demand in our semiconductor and display capital equipment vertical, partially offset by lower volumes from the precision manufacturing vertical as well as lower shipments to the life sciences vertical in the instrumentation market. 
 Segment profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 30 to 69 million, compared to segment profit of 53 million for the same period last fiscal year. The higher segment profit was primarily driven by the re-allocation of resources to corporate as well as lower R D project spending . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Historically, our primary sources of cash have been from operations, long-term borrowings, and advance funding from customers. Other sources of cash include proceeds from the issuance of equity, proceeds received from the exercises of stock options, and sale of equity investments and businesses. Our historic uses of cash have been for business acquisitions, capital expenditures, investment in research and development, payments of principal and interest on outstanding debt obligations, payments of debt and equity issuance costs to obtain financing and payments in satisfaction of employees minimum tax obligations. Supplemental information pertaining to our sources and uses of cash for the periods indicated is presented as follows: 
 27 

Sources (uses) of cash (millions): Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 153 199 Proceeds from exercises of stock options and purchases of stock under employee stock purchase plan 24 15 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and other items 31 (10) Proceeds from the sale of business 27 Other items (1) (2) Payments in satisfaction of employees minimum tax obligations (32) (14) Payments on existing debt (118) (19) Additions to property, plant equipment (92) (62) 
 Operating activities: 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 153 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 199 million of net cash provided by operating activities for the same period last fiscal year. The decrease in cash flows provided by operating activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period last fiscal year was primarily due to increases in accounts receivables and inventories as a result of higher revenues partially offset by higher earnings. 
 Investing activities: 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 66 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash used of 64 million for the same period last fiscal year. Lower cash used to fund capital expenditures of 30 million year-over-year was offset by cash received from the sale of a business of 27 million. 
 Financing activities: 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 126 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 18 million for the same period last fiscal year. Cash outflows for both periods were primarily payments on existing debt. 

New Senior Credit Facilities 
 On July 1, 2022, Coherent entered into a Credit Agreement by and among the Company, the lenders, and other parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, which provides for senior secured financing of 4.0 billion, consisting of a term loan A credit facility (the Term A Facility ), with an aggregate principal amount of 850 million, a term loan B credit facility (the Term B Facility and, together with the Term A Facility, the Term Facilities ), with an aggregate principal amount of 2,800 million, and a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Facilities, the Senior Credit Facilities ), in an aggregate available amount of 350 million, including a letter of credit sub-facility of up to 50 million. On March 31, 2023, Coherent entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, which replaced the adjusted LIBOR-based rate of interest therein with an adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR based rate of interest. As amended, the Term A Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility each bear interest at an adjusted SOFR rate subject to a 0.10 floor plus a range of 1.75 to 2.50 , based on the Company s total net leverage ratio. The Term A Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility borrowings bear interest at adjusted SOFR plus 1.85 as of September 30, 2024. On April 2, 2024, Coherent entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, under which the principal amount of term B loans outstanding under the Credit Agreement (the Existing Term B Loans were replaced with an equal amount of new term loans (the New Term B Loans having substantially similar terms as the Existing Term B Loans, except with respect to the interest rate applicable to the New Term B Loans and certain other provisions. As further amended, the New Term B Loans will bear interest at an adjusted SOFR rate (subject to a 0.50 floor) plus 2.50 as of September 30, 2024. The maturity of the New Term Loans and revolving credit facility remains unchanged. In relation to the Term Facilities, the Company incurred expense of 53 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which is included in Interest expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss). On July 1, 2023, our interest rate cap became effective, which together with our interest rate swap, reduced interest expense by 13 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made payments of 117 million for the Term Facilities, including voluntary payments of 100 million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Our cash position, borrowing capacity and debt obligations are as follows (in millions): 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Cash and cash equivalents 1,020 926 Restricted cash, current 51 174 Restricted cash, non-current 711 690 Available borrowing capacity under Revolving Credit Facility 320 346 Total debt obligations 3,989 4,100 
 Other Liquidity 
 On December 4, 2023, the Company consummated two investment agreements under which Silicon Carbide LLC, a Company subsidiary received 1.0 billion cash in exchange for 25 of the equity of that entity. Such funds will be used primarily to fund future capital expansion, including the previously-announced capital that Coherent intended to invest in its silicon carbide business. As a result, the transaction is enabling Coherent to allocate the capital it had intended to invest in this business unit to other corporate purposes, thus increasing its available free cash flow which will provide greater financial and operational flexibility. See Note 11. Noncontrolling Interests included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information . 
 The Company believes existing cash, cash flow from operations, and available borrowing capacity from its Senior Credit Facilities will be sufficient to fund its needs for working capital, capital expenditures, repayment of scheduled long-term borrowings and lease obligations, investments in R D, and internal and external growth objectives at least through the next twelve months. 
 Our cash and cash equivalent balances are generated and held in numerous locations throughout the world, including amounts held outside the United States. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company held approxim ately 877 million of c ash, cash equivalents and restricted cash outside of the United States. Generally, cash balances held outside the United States could be repatriated to the United States. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 763 million of restricted cash, which includes 757 million at our Silicon Carbide LLC that is restricted for use by only that subsidiary. 
 
 Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 MARKET RISKS 
 We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. In the normal course of business, we use a variety of techniques and derivative financial instruments as part of our overall risk management strategy, which is primarily focused on its exposure in relation to the Chinese Renminbi, Euro, Swiss Franc, Japanese Yen, Singapore Dollar and Korean Won. No significant changes have occurred in the techniques and instruments used. 
 Interest Rate Risks 
 As of September 30, 2024, our total borrowings include variable rate borrowings, which expose us to changes in interest rates. In November 2019, we entered into an interest rate swap contract, amended on March 20, 2023, to limit the exposure of our variable interest rate debt by effectively converting a portion of interest payments to fixed interest rate debt. The interest rate swap expired on September 24, 2024. On February 23, 2022, we entered into an interest rate cap (the Cap ), amended on March 20, 2023, with an effective date of July 1, 2023. On September 1, 2024, we increased the notional amount from 500 million to 1,500 million. If we had not effectively hedged our variable rate debt, a change in the interest rate of 100 basis points on these variable rate borrowings would have resulted in additional interest expense of 8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management evaluated, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The Company s disclosure controls were designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. It should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. However, the controls have been designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the controls stated goals. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) were implemented during the Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Part II Other Information 
 
 Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are involved from time to time in various claims, lawsuits, and regulatory proceedings incidental to its business. The resolution of each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the Company. Management believes, after consulting with legal counsel, that the ultimate liabilities, if any, resulting from these legal and regulatory proceedings will not materially affect the Company s financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024 and additional risk factors that may be identified from time to time in filings of the Company, any of which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. Those risk factors are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) of the Company , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading agreement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading agreement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated herein by reference Exhibit No. Form Exhibit No. Filing Date File No. 10.01 Offer Letter between Sherri R. Luther and Coherent Corp. dated October 8, 2024 
 8-K 10.1 October 11, 2024 001-39375 10.02 Form of Award Agreement for Inducement RSUs (3-year vest) 
 8-K 10.1 October 16, 2024 001-39375 10.03 Form of Award Agreement for Inducement RSUs (2-year vest) 
 8-K 10.2 October 16, 2024 001-39375 31.01 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.02 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.01 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.02 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Filed herewith 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Coherent Corp. (Registrant) Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ James R. Anderson James R. Anderson Chief Executive Officer Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Sherri Luther Sherri Luther Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 33 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 ex3101-ceocertificationxfy.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, James R. Anderson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Coherent Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s James R. Anderson James R. Anderson Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 ex3102-cfocertificationxfy.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Sherri Luther, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Coherent Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s Sherri Luther Sherri Luther Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 ex3201-ceosoxxfy25q1.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

Exhibit 32.01 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Coherent Corp. (the Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Corporation certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s James R. Anderson James R. Anderson Chief Executive Officer 
 This certification is made solely for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 ex3202-cfosoxxfy25q1.htm
 EX-32.02

Document 

Exhibit 32.02 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Coherent Corp. (the Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Corporation certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to her knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s Sherri Luther Sherri Luther Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 This certification is made solely for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 iivi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 iivi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 iivi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 iivi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 iivi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

