<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241021_10-Q_edgar_data_1729637_0001477932-24-006601.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2538460</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>46478</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>578012</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>532867</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>590473</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>746156</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-006601.hdr.sgml : 20241021
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241021171952
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-006601
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241021
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241021

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Karbon-X Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001729637
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				822882342
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56288
		FILM NUMBER:		241384205

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		510 5 STREET SW, SUITE 910
		CITY:			CALGARY
		STATE:			A0
		ZIP:			T2P3S2
		BUSINESS PHONE:		250-608-5435

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		510 5 STREET SW, SUITE 910
		CITY:			CALGARY
		STATE:			A0
		ZIP:			T2P3S2

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COCOLUV INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-006601.txt : 20241021

10-Q
 1
 karx_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

karx_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) - (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each Exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of October 21, 2024, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. F-1 to F-11 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 3 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 6 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 6 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 7 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 7 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Securities and Use of Proceeds. 7 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 7 Item 4. Mining Safety Disclosure. 7 Item 5. Other Information. 7 Item 6. Exhibits. 7 2 Table of Contents Contents PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION Page(s) Consolidated Balance Sheets at August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and May 31, 2024 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited) F-3 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited) F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) F-5 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 F-1 Table of Contents KARBON-X CORP. Consolidated Balance Sheets August 31, 2024 May 31, 2024 ASSETS Unaudited Audited Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Sales tax receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment Internally Developed Software Inventory Right of use asset Security deposit Total assets LIABILITES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities Accounts payable Current portion of lease-liability Short-term loan Stock Payable Payroll liabilities Total Current Liabilities Non-current portion of lease liability Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity (deficit) Common stock par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, respectively. Additional Paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive gain (loss) Total shareholders equity (deficit) Total liabilities and shareholders equity (deficit) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-2 Table of Contents KARBON-X CORP. Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Operations Total revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Marketing expenses Salaries and wages Professional fees Other operating expenses Total operating expenses Loss from Operations Other income (expenses) Other income (expenses) Net loss before income tax Federal income tax expense Net loss before income tax Other comprehensive loss Foreign currency translation gain (loss) Total comprehensive loss Earnings Per Share Weighted average shares outstanding (Basic and Diluted) Basic and fully diluted loss per share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-3 Table of Contents KARBON-X CORP. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended August 31, 2024. Common Stock Shares to Additional Paid Accumulated Accumulated other Comprehensive Description Shares Amount be issued in Capital Deficit gain (loss) Total Balance May 31, 2024 Issuance of shares for cash Translation loss - Net loss for the period - Balance August 31, 2024 Three Months Ended August 31, 2023. Common Stock Shares to Additional Paid Accumulated Accumulated other Comprehensive Description Shares Amount be issued in Capital Deficit gain (loss) Total Balance May 31, 2023 Shares to be issued for investment - Shares to be issued as stock compensation Issuance of shares for cash and warrants, net Conversion of loan to shares Translation gain (loss) - Net loss - Balance August 31, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-4 Table of Contents KARBON-X CORP. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash: Depreciation expense Amortization of ROU Loss on investment Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Sales tax receivable Accounts payable Payroll liabilities Deferred Revenue Due to related parties Inventory Lease Liability Prepaid expenses Security deposit Cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of equity method investment Cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from short term loan Proceeds from issuance of shares and warrants Cash flow from financing activities Effect of translation changes on cash Change in cash and cash equivalents Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Non cash operating activities Loss on investment Non cash investing and financing activities Shares to be issued for Investment in Silviculture Supplemental disclosures Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-5 Table of Contents KARBON-X CORP. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) , into an aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock, resulting in Karbon-X becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and all debt owed to the related party of Cocoluv, Inc. was forgiven. The accompanying financial statements' share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio in the Reverse Acquisition. As part of the Reverse Acquisition, on April 14, 2022 the Company changed its name to Karbon-X Corp. Under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("US GAAP") because the combined entity will be dependent on Karbon-X's senior management, the Reverse Acquisition was accounted for as a recapitalization effected by a share exchange, wherein Karbon-X is considered the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes. On the date of the reorganization, the assets and liabilities of Karbon-X have been brought forward at their book value and consolidated with Cocoluv, Inc. s assets, which comprised of cash and cash equivalents of and liabilities which comprises due to related party of (see Note 1 Basis of Presentation below). No goodwill has been recognized. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in the consolidated financial statements are those of Karbon-X and are recorded at the historical cost basis of Karbon-X. Going concern ). The Company will require additional funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. Accordingly, these factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to continue to fund its business by way of private placements and advances from related parties as may be required. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. Basis of Presentation Use of Estimates and Assumptions Cash and Cash Equivalents Accounts Receivable F-6 Table of Contents Property and Equipment Inventory Investments to ownership and a significant, but not controlling influence as equity method investments. Investments with a greater than 50 ownership and a controlling influence are accounted for using the consolidation method. The Company assesses the potential impairment of equity method investments when indicators such as a history of operating losses, negative earnings and cash flow outlook, and the financial condition and prospects for the investee's business segment might indicate a loss in value. The Company previously accounted for its investment in Silviculture Systems using the equity method and its investment in its subsidiary Karbon-X Project, Inc using the consolidation method. During November 2023, the Company has abandoned the silviculture investment deal and decided to write off the carrying value of the Equity Investment in Silviculture. Accordingly, amidst ongoing disputes which we are currently discussing, the Company has written off the carrying value of Investment of , accumulated value of shares to be issued and recognized loss on write off in its statement of operations for the year ended May 31, 2024. Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-7 Table of Contents Foreign Currency Translation Warrants , exercise price of , , annual risk-free interest rate ranging from - , and annualized volatility ranging from - . The above estimates and assumptions are reviewed regularly. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. Significant Estimates Earnings per Common Share Reclassifications F-8 Table of Contents Prepaid furniture Prepaid Advertising Expenses Other prepaids Total Total Carbon credit inventory represents carbon credits currently held for sale. Computer and equipment Total property cost Accumulated depreciation Property and equipment, net The Company did not make significant purchases during the three months ended August 31, 2024 or year ended May 31, 2024. Depreciation expense for the three months August 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. shares of common stock at per share for gross proceeds of . During the year ended May 31, 2024, Karbon-X Corp completed following private placement pursuant to Rule 506(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. During July September 2023, Karbon-X Corp. completed a private placement pursuant to Rule 506(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In that private placement the company sold shares of common stock at per share for gross proceeds of , net of expenses related to issuances of . On June 6, 2023 the Company converted a loan for into shares at price of per share. During January 2024, the Company revalued the and issued an additional shares. F-9 Table of Contents and is convertible into common stock of the company at a conversion price of per share. The note carries a one-time interest fee of , which will be converted into common stock at the same conversion price. Any unpaid principal on the note will accrue interest at a rate of eighteen percent per annum from the due date until paid. The note matures on the earlier of the company raising a minimum of or one year from the issue date, subject to extension. The loan was converted into common stock, and the balance as of May 31, 2024, and August 31, 2024, was zero. Exercised - - Granted - - Expired .75 - Cancelled - - Outstanding August 31, 2024 .50 of Silviculture Systems in exchange for cash and shares of Karbon-X Corp valued at . . The issuance of shares was originally intended to occur in tranches upon the completion of milestones. As of November 30, 2023, the Company had paid in cash, had rights to a 32 ownership in Silviculture Systems and had a significant, but not controlling interest in Silviculture Systems. The shares related to the ownership are shown have not been issued but are reflected in these financial statements as shares to be issued and were valued at the most recent stock purchase price, at the time of signing, of per share. This investment was originally accounted for as an equity method investment and its respective gain/loss for the period has been recorded in the statement of operations. During November 2023, the Company abandoned the silviculture investment deal and decided to write off the carrying value of the Equity Investment in Silviculture. Accordingly, amidst ongoing disputes which we are currently discussing, the Company has written off the carrying value of Investment of , accumulated value of shares to be issued and recognized loss on write off in its statement of operations for the three months ended November 30, 2023. and , respectively. F-10 Table of Contents was recognized as a gain on the termination of the previous lease during this period. Lease right-of-use assets represent the right to use an underlying asset pursuant to the lease for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement of an arrangement where it is determined at inception that a lease exists. These assets and liabilities are initially recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term calculated using our estimated incremental borrowing rate generally applicable to the location of the lease right-of-use asset, unless an implicit rate is readily determinable. We combine lease and certain non-lease components in determining the lease payments subject to the initial present value calculation. Lease right-of-use assets include upfront lease payments and exclude lease incentives, if applicable. When lease terms include an option to extend the lease, we have not assumed the options will be exercised. Lease expense for operating leases generally consist of both fixed and variable components. Expense related to fixed lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments are generally expensed as incurred, where applicable, and include agreed-upon changes in rent, certain non-lease components, such as maintenance and other services provided by the lessor, and other charges included in the lease. Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. We recognized total lease expense of approximately and for the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, primarily related to operating lease costs paid to lessors from operating cash flows. In January 2024, a former employee filed a lawsuit against the Company asserting wrongful termination. As of the date of this report, the lawsuit is ongoing. In review of the status with our external counsel, the Company believes there will be a positive outcome and no provision is recorded. related to a Convertible Promissory Note with a stated simple interest rate of per annum and a conversion option to be exercised any time after the earlier of (i) twenty-four months from the date hereof or (ii) listing on OTCQX, Nasdaq or NYSE, at a conversion price of the lesser of . Subsequent events have been evaluated through October 21, 2024, the date these financial statements were available to be released and note no other events requiring disclosure. F-11 Table of Contents Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The following discussion relates to the historical operations and financial statements of Karbon-X Corp. ("Karbon-X" or the "Company") for the three months ending August 31, 2024 and 2023. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2024, which provides additional context and details on the Company's financial condition and results of operations. Forward-Looking Statements The following Management's Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. The Management's Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. When used, the words "believe," "plan," "intend," "anticipate," "target," "estimate," "expect," and the like, and/or future-tense or conditional constructions ("will," "may," "could," "should," etc.), or similar expressions, identify certain of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those specifically addressed under the heading "Risks Factors" in our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Annual Report. The following discussion highlights the Company's results of operations and the principal factors that have affected its consolidated financial condition as well as its liquidity and capital resources for the periods described, and provides information that management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the Company's consolidated financial condition and results of operations presented herein. The following discussion and analysis are based upon Karbon-X Corp's unaudited financial statements contained in this Current Report on Form 10-Q, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. You should read the discussion and analysis together with such financial statements and the related notes thereto. Overview The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada under the name Cocoluv, Inc. on September 13, 2017 and established a fiscal year end of May 31. On February 21, 2022, pursuant to the terms of a Share Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Karbon-X Project Inc. ("Karbon-X Project"), and Karbon-X Project became the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in a reverse acquisition (the "Reverse Acquisition"). Pursuant to the Reverse Acquisition, all of the issued and outstanding shares of Karbon-X common stock were converted, at an exchange ratio of 20,000-for- 1, into an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock, resulting in Karbon-X Project becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and all debt owed to the related party of Cocoluv, Inc. (the Company) was forgiven. The accompanying financial statements' share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio in the Reverse Acquisition. As part of the Reverse Acquisition, on April 14, 2022 the Company changed its name to Karbon-X Corp. Karbon-X provides customized transactional options, tailored insights, and scalable access to the Verified Emissions Reduction markets. Karbon-X changes the marketing framework of traditional carbon marketing by engaging the public vs industry with multiple forms of technology based greenhouse gas reduction builds. Karbon-X will allow the public to purchase carbon offsets from an APP that is subscription based, with multiple levels of investment for every budget. Each subscription will support clean energy projects such as solar or wind power, methane capture, or reforestation and will reduce greenhouse gas emissions with provable, verifiable carbon credits. Karbon-X is in development of NFTs to digitize and allow for the trading of tokenized carbon credits in order to bring transparency and liquidity to the global carbon offset market. The aim of the decentralized platform is to enable offset trading on existing tokenized exchanges and their own exchange accepting of all forms of payment, crypto, fiat or card. NFT minting platform for carbon credits truly allows carbon credit owners to mint their credits into NFTs for a secure and efficient method of trading in a market that appears set to grow rapidly in the coming years. A trading platform will allow the owners of the NFT to monitor their assets while tracking their value and trading history. This is done on the blockchain to mitigate many risks such as double trading and long-term record keeping issues. By using a "side chain" of ethereum costs are kept to a minimum for users References in this periodic report on Form l0-Q to "Karbon-X" or the "Company" may include references to the operations of our subsidiary Karbon-X Project. This entity is a 100 wholly owned subsidiary of Karbon-X and consequentially reports quarterly financials up to a consolidated quarterly submission. 3 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The consolidated financial statements present the consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Company. These consolidated financial statements are presented in the United States dollar and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Use of Estimates and Assumptions Preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. Financial Condition and Results of Operations To date the Company has just recently commenced to generate revenues from its business operations and has incurred operating losses since inception of (5,742,108). The Company will require additional funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. Accordingly, these factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to continue to fund its business by way of private placements and advances from related parties as may be required. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. Results of Operations Unaudited Results for the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 Sales and Revenue For the three-month period ended August 31, 2024 we had revenue of 127,429 compared to 3,758 for the three month period ended August 31, 2023. We are just at the beginning of our operations which we expect to improve during the current fiscal year. We anticipate increased revenues upon completion of our App as well as with projects with other potential partners. Operating Expenses Operating expenses for the three-month period ended August 31, 2024 totaled 825,684, compared to 325,474 for the three month period ended August 31, 2023. The increase was related to salary and wages, professional fees, and travel expenses. Net loss from operations after income taxes was 804,765 during the three months ended August 31, 2024 compared to 350,032 for the three month period ended August 31, 2023. 4 Table of Contents Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources The following table sets forth the major components of our statements and consolidated statements of cash flows for the periods presented. Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 Three Months Ended August 31, 2023 Cash used in operating activities (1,460,119 (180,276 Cash from financing activities 1,056,000 1,555,671 Cash used in investing activities - (602,407 Change in cash during the period (376,555 767,536 Effect of exchange rate change 27,565 (5,452 Cash, beginning of period 2,675,400 206,820 Cash, end of period 2,298,845 974,356 As of August 31, 2024, the Company had 2,371,037 in current assets. To date, the Company has financed its operations through equity sales. During the three months ended August 31, 2024, Karbon-X Corp. completed a private placement pursuant to Rule 506(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In that private placement the company sold 1,238,889 shares of common stock at 0.90 per share for gross proceeds of 1,114,999. During July September 2023, Karbon-X Corp. completed a private placement pursuant to Rule 506(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In that private placement the company sold 3,274,858 shares of common stock at 0.50 per share for gross proceeds of 1,637,429, net of expenses related to issuances of 83,993. On June 6, 2023 the Company converted a loan for 100,000 into 200,000 shares at price of 0.50 per share. During the year ended May 31, 2023, the Company executed an agreement to issue shares of Karbon-X Corp for the purchase of up to 80 of Silviculture Systems to be issued in tranches based on completion of milestones. As of August 31, 2023, the Company had agreed to purchase 32 of Silviculture Systems for 6,000,000 shares of Karbon-X Corp shown as shares to be issued for a value of 1,500,000. During November 2023, amidst ongoing disputes which we are currently discussing, the Company has chosen to abandon the silviculture investment deal and write off the carrying value of the Equity Investment in Silviculture. Accordingly, the Company has written of carrying value of Investment of 2,564,203, accumulated value of shares to be issued 1,500,000 and recognized loss on write off 1,064,203 in its statement of operations for the three months ended November 30, 2023. Recent developments During the three months ended August 31, 2024 the Company strengthened its executive leadership team with the appointment of two key hires. Christopher Mulgrew, a seasoned financial executive with over 24 years of experience, joined the Company as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). In this role, he will oversee the Company s financial strategy, reporting, and compliance functions, contributing to enhanced financial management and planning as the Company continues its growth trajectory. Additionally, the Company appointed Sharon Standefer as Chief Revenue Officer (CRO). Sharon brings over 19 years of expertise in revenue growth, sales strategy, and business development. She will lead efforts to expand the Company s revenue streams, optimize sales processes, and accelerate customer acquisition in alignment with the Company's long-term strategic objectives. These appointments reflect our commitment to building a strong leadership team as we continue to execute on our strategic priorities and drive value for shareholders. Future Financing In connection with its proposed business plan and currently ongoing and proposed acquisitions, in addition to the possible proceeds from this offering the Company will be required to complete substantial and significant additional capital formation. Such formation could be through additional equity offerings, debt, bank financings or a combination of any source of financing. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in completion of such financings. 5 Table of Contents Plan of Operations As noted above, the continuation of our current plan of operations requires us to raise significant additional capital. If we are successful in raising capital through the sale of convertible notes or common shares, we believe that we will have sufficient cash resources to fund our plan of operations through 2025. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail and possibly cease some operations. We intend to use the net proceeds from the offering for operations, regulatory compliance, intellectual property, working capital and general corporate purposes. We continually evaluate our plan of operations to determine the manner in which we can most effectively utilize our limited cash resources. The timing of completion of any aspect of our plan of operations is highly dependent upon the availability of cash to implement that aspect of the plan and other factors beyond our control. There is no assurance that we will successfully obtain the required capital or revenues, or, if obtained, that the amounts will be sufficient to fund our ongoing operations. Capital Expenditures As of August 31, 2024 we had no capital expenditures. Commitments and Contractual Obligations As a "smaller reporting company" as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. Off-balance Sheet Arrangements The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements. Going Concern To date the Company has only recently begun generating revenues from its business operations and has incurred operating losses since inception of (5,742,108). The Company will require additional funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. Accordingly, these factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to continue to fund its business by way of private placements and advances from related parties as may be required. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures . Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Our management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of February 29, 2024. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that, as of August 31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. The Company has hired a Chief Financial Officer who can act as a second control person relative to the Company's financial operations. This quarterly report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permits us to provide only management's report in this quarterly report. 6 Table of Contents PART Il OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings . We are not aware of any legal proceedings contemplated by any governmental authority or any other party involving us or our properties other than the following: As of the date of this report, no director, officer or affiliate is (i) a party adverse to us in any legal proceeding, or (ii) has an adverse interest to us in any legal proceedings. We are not aware of any other legal proceedings pending or that have been threatened against us or our properties. From time to time the Company may be named in claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Currently, no legal proceedings or claims, other than those disclosed above, are pending against or involve the Company that, in the opinion of management, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition. Item 1A. Risk Factors . We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds . During the three months ended August 31, 2024, Karbon-X Corp. completed a private placement pursuant to Rule 506(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In that private placement the company sold 1,238,889 shares of common stock at 0.90 per share for gross proceeds of 1,114,999. From November 2022 through August 10, 2023, Karbon-X Corp. completed a private placement pursuant to Rule 506(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In that private placement the company sold 4,632,297 shares of common stock at 0.50 per share for total gross proceeds of 2,316,486. On June 6, 2023 the Company converted a loan for 100,000 into 200,000 shares at price of 0.50 per share. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities . None Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None Item 5. Other Information Not applicable Item 6. Exhibits. 31.1 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. 7 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Karbon-X Corp. (Registrant) Date: October 21, 2024 By: /s/ Chad Clovis Chad Clovis Chief Executive Officer and Director {Principal and Executive Officer} Date: October 21, 2024 By: /s/ Chris Mulgrew Chris Mulgrew Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer) 8 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 karx_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 karx_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Chad Clovis, principal executive officer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report of Karbon-X Corp. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and, b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 21, 2024 By: /s/ Chad Clovis Chad Clovis Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 karx_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 karx_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Christopher Mulgrew, principal accounting officer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report of Karbon-X Corp. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and, b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 21, 2024 By: /s/ Christopher Mulgrew Christopher Mulgrew Chief Financial Officer, (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 karx_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 karx_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 31, 2024 of Karbon-X Corp., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Quarterly Report"), I, Chad Clovis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 2. The information contained in this Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: October 21, 2024 By: /s/ Chad Clovis Chad Clovis Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 karx_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 karx_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 31, 2024 of Karbon-X Corp., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Quarterly Report"), I, Christopher Mulgrew, Chief Financial Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 2. The information contained in this Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: October 21, 2024 By: /s/ Christopher Mulgrew Christopher Mulgrew Acting Chief Financial Officer, (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 karx-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 karx-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 karx-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 karx-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

