<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_2025396_0001213900-24-097584.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3458425</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76134</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>881724</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>515750</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>936166</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>994601</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097584.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113171134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097584
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vine Hill Capital Investment Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002025396
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42267
		FILM NUMBER:		241455605

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 E BROWARD BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1710
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33394
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 848-2859

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 E BROWARD BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1710
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33394

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097584.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0219267-10q_vinehill.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

., 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Not applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large
accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 13, 2024, there were shares of the Company s
Class A ordinary shares and shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

VINE HILL CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and for the period from May 24, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Statement of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for three months ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and for the period from May 24, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the period from May 24, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 22 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 22 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 23 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 24 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 24 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 24 

Signatures 
 25 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

VINE HILL CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. 
CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET 
September 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable (including approximately of offering costs) 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred compensation related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred legal fees 

Deferred underwriting payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitment and contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of 

Shareholders Equity 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none, excluding 22,000,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

VINE HILL CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. 
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the period from May 24, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024 
 
 General and administrative costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Income from Trust Account 

Income from operating account 

Credit for overallotment option liability expiration 

Other income 

Net income 

Weighted average Class A ordinary shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Class A ordinary shares - basic and diluted net income per share 

Weighted average Class B ordinary shares outstanding - 

basic 

diluted 

Class B ordinary shares - basic net income per share 

Class B ordinary shares - diluted net income per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

VINE HILL CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. 
CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 
For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from May 24, 2024 (inception) 

through September 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of May 24, 2024 (inception) 

Issuance
of ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2024, (unaudited) 

Issuance of Private Placement Warrants 

Estimated fair value of Public Warrants issued as part of Units sold in the Offering 

Allocated value of transaction costs to Public and Private Warrants 

Accretion in value of Class A ordinary shares at closing of the Offering 

Over-allotment option exercised 

Founder shares forfeited on partial exercise of underwriter over-allotment option 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

VINE HILL CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. 
CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
For the period from May 24, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income earned on Trust Account 

Credit for over-allotment liability exercised and expired 

General and administrative expenses paid directly by Founders 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) in prepaid expenses 

Increase in accounts payable 

Increase in accrued expenses 

Increase in deferred compensation related parties 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash used in investing activities 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Net cash used in
 investing activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities 

Proceeds from Sponsor Note 

Repay Sponsor Note 

Proceeds from sale of Units net of underwriting discounts and reimbursements 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash from financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash beginning of period 

Cash end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities: 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Deferred underwriting payable 

Deferred legal fees 

Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable 

Deferred offering costs paid directly by Sponsor through the promissory note 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

VINE HILL CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

of Units (as defined below) (See Note 3) and a private
placement of of Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) for an aggregate of (See Note 4). 

During September 2024, in two closings on September
9 and 12, 2024, the Company closed on the Offering of an aggregate Units at per unit (including Units from
the underwriters partial exercise of its over-allotment option) (Note 3) and the sale of private placement warrants Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement with our Sponsor that
closed simultaneously with the Offering on September 9, 2024 (Note 4). Upon the closing of the Offering (including the partial exercise
of the underwriters over-allotment option) and private placement, has been placed in a trust account. 

The Trust Account 

The funds in the trust account are to be invested
only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one hundred eighty-five (185) days or less or in money market funds
that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest only in direct U.S. government
obligations and may at any time be held as cash or cash items, including in demand deposit accounts at a bank. Funds will remain in the
trust account until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the initial business combination or (ii) the distribution of the
trust account proceeds as described below. The remaining proceeds outside the trust account may be used to pay for business, legal and
accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. 

5 

par value, of the Company (the Public Shares ), that have been properly submitted
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) in a manner that would modify the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem the Public Shares in connection with the initial
business combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete an initial business combination within 21 months
from the closing of the Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Public Shares
or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) the redemption of of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete
an initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of the Offering (subject to the requirements of law). The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority
over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. 

Initial Business Combination 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Offering, although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Offering
are intended to be generally applied toward consummating an initial business combination. The initial business combination must occur
with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement
to enter into the initial business combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect
an initial business combination. 

The Company, after signing a definitive agreement
for an initial business combination, will either (i) seek shareholder approval of the initial business combination at a meeting called
for such purpose in connection with which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
the initial business combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account (net of amounts withdrawn to pay taxes, other than excise taxes, if any permitted withdrawals )), or
(ii) provide shareholders with the opportunity to sell their Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby
avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest less
permitted withdrawals. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of the initial business combination or will
allow shareholders to sell their Public Shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company
to seek shareholder approval, unless a vote is required by law or under Nasdaq rules. 

Pursuant to the Company s amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association if the Company is unable to complete the initial business combination within 21 months from
the closing of the Offering, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned
(which interest shall be net of permitted withdrawals for taxes, if any, and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses and
net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the holders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the
Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor, officers and directors will not be entitled
to rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any Founder Shares (as defined below) held by them if the
Company fails to complete the initial business combination within 21 months of the closing of the Offering. However, if the Sponsor
and management team acquire Public Shares in or after the Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete the initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

6 

and working capital of approximately
 . Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition
plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ,
as of September 30, 2024, management has determined that the Company has sufficient funds for the working capital needs of the Company
until a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements. The Company cannot assure that its plans to consummate
an initial business combination will be successful. 

7 

invested in a money market fund with a financial institution as of September 30, 2024. 

. Any loss incurred or lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse
impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

8 

Units, and the forfeiture of the
remaining option to purchase Units, this liability was removed and credited to over-allotment liability exercised and expired
in the accompanying condensed statements of operations. 

9 

,
consisting of of upfront discount to the underwriters, of deferred underwriting fees, and of other offering
costs, offset by a reimbursement from the underwriters of . Approximately of such costs were allocated to the Public
Warrants and Private Placement Warrants and the remainder, approximately was allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject
to redemption. 

Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income per
share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method and are contingent on future events. As a result,
diluted income per share of Class A ordinary shares is the same as basic income per share of ordinary shares for the periods presented. 

Diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares of ordinary shares: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net income (loss) per share of ordinary shares 

Basic 

Diluted 

10 

public
shares sold as part of Units in the Offering (including the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) contain
a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of public shares if the Company holds a shareholder vote or there is a tender offer
for shares in connection with a Business Combination. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control
of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption
and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company
did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its public shares in an amount that
would cause its net tangible assets i.e. , total assets less intangible assets and liabilities) to be less than upon
the closing of a Business Combination. 

, all Class A ordinary shares are redeemable and classified as such on the Company s
balance sheet until such time as a redemption event takes place. As of September 30, 2024, the value of Class A ordinary shares that may
be redeemed is equal to approximately per share. 

public shares were classified outside of permanent equity. 

Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Proceeds allocated to over-allotment option 

Offering costs 

Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 

ordinary shares as of September 30, 2024. 

11 

Units at a price of per Unit for a total of (including 
Units as a partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional Units) (the Units ).
Each Unit consists of one Public Share and one-half of one warrant (each, a Public Warrant and collectively, the Public
Warrants ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share,
subject to adjustments (see Note 8). of the Offering proceeds to the estimated fair
value of the Public Warrants using a Monte Carlo model (a Level 3 input) using the following assumptions: 

Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk free rate 

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up
to additional Units to cover any over-allotments at the Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
The Company closed on the underwriters exercise of their option to purchase Units on September 12, 2024. The underwriters
forfeited the option to purchase the remaining Units. The Units that were issued in connection with the over-allotment
option are identical to the Units issued in the Offering. The Company considers the overallotment option a derivative instrument
and has recorded it at its estimated fair value of in the accompanying balance sheet. The over-allotment liability was satisfied
and extinguished upon the partial exercise and forfeiture in September 2024 and the relief of the liability was credited to the condensed
statement of operations. 

Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 

Daily treasury yield curve 

12 

Credit to extinguish over-allotment liability in connection with partial exercise and forfeiture 

Fair value of over-allotment liability as of September 30, 2024 
 -

See Note 5 regarding the related reduction for
forfeited Founder Shares. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price
of per share, subject to adjustments. Each Private Placement Warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion
of the initial business combination and will expire after five years. If the initial business combination is not completed within
21 months from the closing of the Offering, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the trust account
will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). 

Class B ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares ), in exchange for a payment (approximately
 per share) from the Sponsor to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company. As used herein, unless the context otherwise requires,
 Founder Shares shall be deemed to include the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof. The Founder Shares
are identical to the Public Shares included in the Units being sold in the Offering except that the Founder Shares automatically
convert into Public Shares at the time of the initial business combination (with such conversion taking place immediately prior to, simultaneously
with, or immediately following the time of the initial business combination, as may be determined by the directors of the Company) or
earlier at the option of the holder and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. In addition,
prior to the closing of the initial business combination, only holders of the Founder Shares had the right to vote on the appointment
or removal of directors and on continuing the company in a jurisdiction outside of the Cayman Islands. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up
to an aggregate of Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters
so that the Founder Shares will represent of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Offering. On September
12, 2024, the Company closed on the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option to purchase Units. The
underwriters forfeited their option to purchase the remaining Units. As such, Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting
in Founder Shares being outstanding after the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option at September
30, 2024. The Sponsor is not entitled to redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by the Sponsor
in connection with the completion of the initial business combination. If the initial business combination is not completed within 21 months
from the closing of the Offering, the Sponsor will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any Founder Shares held by it. 

The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) six months after the completion of the initial business
combination or (B) subsequent to the initial business combination (the date on which the Company consummates a transaction which
results in the shareholder having the right to exchange its shares for cash, securities, or other property), in each case, subject to
certain limited exceptions. 

13 

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the initial business combination
or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Approximately was charged to operations during
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the period from May 24, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024 for this agreement and no 
amounts were payable at September 30, 2024. 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

Also, commencing on the date on which the securities
are first listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, in September 2024, the Company agreed to compensate each of its Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer per month for their services prior to the consummation of the Company s initial business combination,
of which per month would be payable on a current basis and the balance would be payable upon the completion of the Company s
initial business combination. In addition, the Company agreed to pay its Executive Director director fees of per month, all of
which would be payable upon the completion of the Company s initial business combination. Approximately was charged to operations
during the three months ended September 30, 2024 for these agreements including approximately which is payable upon completion
of an initial business combination, and no amounts were payable at September 30, 2024. 

Related Party Loans 

On July 18, 2024, the Company and the Sponsor entered
into a loan agreement, whereby the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31,
2024, or the date on which the Company consummates the Offering. During the period from May 24, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024,
the Company borrowed approximately under the Note (all of which was borrowed in the three months ended September 30, 2024). The
total amount under the Note was repaid at the closing of the Offering in September 2024 leaving no balance outstanding at September 30,
2024. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with the initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes
its initial business combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. If the Sponsor makes any Working Capital Loans, up to 
of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of per warrant at the option of
the lender. The warrants and their underlying securities would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had no Working Capital Loans. 

14 

was deposited into the Trust Account. The proceeds in the Trust Account may be invested in either U.S.
government treasury bills with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and that invest solely in U.S. government treasury obligations. 

At September 30, 2024 the balance in the Trust
Account was held in a money market fund meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
and that invest solely in U.S. government treasury obligations. The balance in the Trust Account is presented at fair value. 

When it has them, the Company classifies its U.S.
government treasury bills and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with FASB ASC 320, Investments - Debt and
Equity Securities. Held-to-maturity securities are those securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until
maturity. Held-to-maturity U.S. government treasury bills are recorded at amortized cost and adjusted for the amortization of discounts.
There are no held-to-maturity securities held by the Company at September 30, 2024. 

The following table presents information about
the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2024 and indicates the fair value
hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. 

to the underwriters at the closing of the Offering, with an additional fee of 
of the gross offering proceeds payable only upon the Company s completion of its initial business combination and up to of
the gross offering proceeds, which will be reduced based on the percentage of total funds from the trust account released to pay redeeming
shareholders (the Deferred Discount ). The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held
in the trust account solely in the event the Company completes its initial business combination. In addition, the underwriters provided
a credit to the Company at the closing of the Offering to reimburse certain of the Company s expenses and fees in connection with
the Offering. 

15 

preference
shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from
time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Ordinary Shares 

The authorized ordinary shares of the Company include
up to Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share and Class B ordinary shares with
a par value of per share. If the Company enters into an initial business combination, it may (depending on the terms of such an
initial business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which the Company is authorized to issue
at the same time as the Company s shareholders vote on the initial business combination to the extent the Company seeks shareholder
approval in connection with the initial business combination. Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are entitled to one vote
for each ordinary share (except as otherwise expressed in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association).
As of September 30, 2024, after considering Class A ordinary shares which are subject to possible redemption, there are no
Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding. 

The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate
of Founder Shares depending on the extent to which the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters so that the
Founder Shares will represent of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Offering. On September 12, 2024,
the Company closed on the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option for Units. The underwriters forfeited
their option to purchase the remaining Units. As such, Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in Founder
Shares being outstanding at September 30, 2024. 

Warrants 

As of September 30, 2024, there were 
Public Warrants outstanding to purchase Class A ordinary shares and Private Placement Warrants outstanding to purchase
 Class A ordinary shares. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one whole Class A ordinary share at
a price of per share, subject to adjustment as described herein, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of the
initial business combination, provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company
permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement)
and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence
of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrantholder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary
shares. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrantholder. No fractional warrants will be issued
upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of the
initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x)
we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of
our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors (including consideration of the market price)
and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor
or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the New Issuance Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from
such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business
combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average
trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day following the effective date
of the registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
the warrants (such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the New Issuance Price and the per share redemption trigger price will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the New Issuance Price. 

16 

per warrant; 

Upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period and 

if, and only if, the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrantholders. 

The Company will not redeem the warrants as described
above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout such trading
day period and the -day redemption period. 

17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Vine Hill Capital Investment
Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references
to the Sponsor refer to Vine Hill Capital Sponsor I LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements as of May 28, 2024 and
for the period from May 24, 2024 (inception) to May 28, 2024 including in the Company s prospectus for its initial public offering
included in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 as filed with the SEC on August 16, 2024 as well as the audited Closing
Balance Sheet as of September 9, 2024 and unaudited Pro-Forma Closing Balance Sheet, respectively as of September 9, 2024, as filed with
the SEC on September 13, 2024 and September 18, 2024. 

Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements under this Item regarding our financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of Management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Quarterly
Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual
results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our
filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are
qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto
included in this Quarterly Report under Item 1. Financial Statements. 

Overview 

We are a newly incorporated blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on May 24, 2024 for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout
this Quarterly Report as our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not,
nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with
respect to an initial business combination with us. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds
of the Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the proceeds of the sale of our securities in connection with our initial
business combination (pursuant to any the forward purchase agreements, backstop or similar agreements we may enter into following the
consummation of the Offering or otherwise), our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. 

The issuance of additional ordinary shares in a
business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

18 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the equity ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant indebtedness, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately
 1,416,000 of cash and cash equivalents and approximately 1,504,000 of working capital. Further, we expect to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition and financing plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial
business combination will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

On September 9, 2024, the Company completed (i)
its initial public offering of 20,000,000 Units at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit and (ii) a private placement of 5,500,000 Private
Placement Warrants with Vine Hill Capital Sponsor I LLC at a price of 1.00 per warrant. 

On September 12, 2024, the underwriters purchased
2,000,000 additional units (the Additional Units at 10.00 per Additional Unit upon the closing of the partial exercise
of the underwriters option to purchase additional units from the initial public offering, generating gross proceeds of 20,000,000.
A total of 20,100,000 was deposited in the trust account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the trust account to 221,100,000. 

As a result of the partial exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option and forfeiture of their remaining option, (a) 333,333 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited resulting in 7,333,334
Class A ordinary shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 an (b) the over-allotment liability of 408,000 was extinguished and credited
to the condensed statements of operations as other income. 

19 

The net proceeds from the initial public offering,
together with certain of the proceeds from the Private Placement, totaling 221,100,000 in the aggregate, were placed in a trust account
with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders and the underwriter
of the initial public offering. Except for the withdrawal of interest earned on the amounts in the trust account to fund the Company s
taxes, or upon the redemption by public shareholders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with certain amendments to the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, none of the funds held in the trust account will be released until the completion
of the Company s initial business combination or the redemption by the Company of 100 of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares
issued by the Company in the initial public offering if the Company does not consummate an initial business combination within 21 months
after the closing of the initial public offering. 

Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues
to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the initial public
offering. Following the initial public offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business
combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest or dividend income on cash and cash equivalents after the initial
public offering. The operating costs incurred in the period from May 24, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024 consist primarily of approximately
 136,000 and approximately 176,000, respectively, in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the period from May 24, 2024 (inception)
to September 30, 2024, of professional costs, insurance and fees associated with our financial reporting as well as, subsequent to the
Offering, executive and director compensation and fees paid to our Sponsor for administrative services aggregating approximately 91,000,
approximately 55,000 of which is payable upon the closing of an initial business combination. There has been no significant change in
our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. Since
the initial public offering, we are incurring increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for expenses related to efforts to identify and evaluate target businesses and due diligence
expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially since the closing of the initial public offering. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to
the completion of the initial public offering through receipt of 25,000 from the sale of the Founder Shares and approximately 209,000
drawn down on an up to 300,000 in loans that were available from our Sponsor under an unsecured promissory note. In September 2024, we
closed on the initial public offering and the underwriters partial exercise of its overallotment option. In connection with the
closing, the approximately 209,000 drawn down under the unsecured promissory note was repaid in full. The net proceeds from the sale
of the units in the initial public offering, including the underwriters partial exercise of 2,000,000 of its 3,000,000 unit over-allotment
option, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of 5,500,000, after deducting offering expenses
of approximately 1,000,000 and underwriting commissions of 4,000,000 (excluding deferred underwriting commissions incurred of 7,700,000,
including the partial exercise of the over-allotment option), were approximately 222,500,000, including reimbursement from the underwriters.
 221,100,000 was deposited in the trust account, which includes the deferred underwriting commissions described above. The funds in the
trust account will be (i) invested only in cash or U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or
in money market funds that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest
only in direct U.S. government obligations and/or (ii) deposited in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a U.S.-chartered
commercial bank with consolidated assets of 100 billion or more. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (which interest shall be net of permitted
withdrawals), if any, to complete our initial business combination. The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company
with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in
the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, we do not expect to have annual income tax obligations on the amount of interest
and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. If there were any taxes payable, we would expect to pay them out of
the funds in the trust account. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial
business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the
target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

20 

Prior to the completion of our initial business
combination, our principal use of working capital will be to fund our activities to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business
due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices or similar locations of prospective target businesses or
their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate
and complete a business combination. 

We expect our primary liquidity requirements during
that period to include approximately 350,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses in connection with any business
combinations; 100,000 for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements; 120,000 for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support; 396,000 for payments to officers; 250,000 for directors and officers insurance liability;
and approximately 284,000 for working capital to cover other miscellaneous expenses (including continued listing fees). These amounts
are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. 

In addition, we may pay commitment fees for financing,
fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision
(a provision designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors
on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have
any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business,
the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision would be determined based on the terms of
the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result
of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with
respect to, prospective target businesses. 

During September 2024, the Company closed on the
Offering of its Class A ordinary shares and the simultaneous sale of Private Placement Warrants resulting in an increase in its liquidity.
As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash and cash equivalents balance of approximately 1,416,000 and working capital of approximately
 1,504,000. Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition
plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ,
as of September 30, 2024, management has determined that the Company has sufficient funds for the working capital needs of the Company
until a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements. The Company cannot assure that its plans to consummate
an initial business combination will be successful. 

Our Sponsor, an affiliate of our Sponsor or our
officers and directors may, but none of them is obligated to, loan us funds as may be required to fund our working capital requirements.
If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released
to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,500,000 of
such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants issued to our Sponsor. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such loans by our Sponsor, an affiliate
of our Sponsor or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, an affiliate of our Sponsor or our officers and directors, if any,
as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to
funds in our trust account. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds following the initial public offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimates
of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are
less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because
we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon completion of our initial business combination, in which
case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. If we raise additional funds through
equity or convertible debt issuances, our public shareholders may suffer significant dilution and these securities could have rights that
rank senior to our Public Shares. If we raise additional funds through the incurrence of indebtedness, such indebtedness would have rights
that are senior to our equity securities and could contain covenants that restrict our operations. Further, as described above, due to
the anti-dilution rights of our Founder Shares, our public shareholders may incur material dilution. In addition, we intend to target
businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from
the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy redemptions by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing
to complete such proposed initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination
to fund our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination.
There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances
or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, any backstop or similar agreements we may enter into following
the consummation of the initial public offering or otherwise. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete
such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition,
following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet
our obligations. 

21 

Off-balance sheet financing arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024, we have no obligations,
assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered into
any agreements for non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. In connection with our initial public offering,
we entered into an Administrative Support Agreement with an affiliate of our Sponsor pursuant to which the Company pays such affiliate
 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. 

Also, commencing on September 6, 2024, the date
our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, we have agreed to compensate each of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer 33,000 per month for their services prior to the consummation of the Company s initial business combination,
of which 16,500 per month would be payable on a current basis and the balance would be payable upon the completion of the Company s
initial business combination. In addition, the Company agreed to pay its Executive Director director fees of 33,000 per month prior to
the consummation of the Company s initial business combination, all of which would be payable upon the completion of the Company s
initial business combination. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during
the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. 

Management does not believe that the Company has
any critical accounting estimates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Quarterly
Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our current Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the
design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls
and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design
of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

22 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no
litigation currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report there have
been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our prospectus for our initial public offering included in the Company s
Registration Statement on Form S-1 as filed with the SEC on August 16, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional
risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

On May 28, 2024, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 7,666,667 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 at an average purchase price of approximately 0.003 per share.
The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Founder
Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, or at any time prior thereto
at the option of the holder thereof, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment., as described in the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-1 as filed with the SEC on August 16, 2024. If the we increase or decrease the size of the Offering, the Company will
effect a capitalization or share repurchase or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to Class B ordinary
shares prior to the consummation of the Offering in such amount as to maintain the number of Founder Shares at 25 of the total number
of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares outstanding at such time (assuming the underwriters exercise their option to purchase
additional units in full). No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. 

The Sponsor had agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate
of 1,000,000 Founder Shares depending on the extent to which the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters so that the
Founder Shares will represent 25 of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Offering. On September 12, 2024,
the Company closed on the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option for 2,000,000 Units. The underwriters forfeited
their option to purchase the remaining1,000,000 Units. As such, 333,333 Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in 7,333,334 Founder
Shares being outstanding at September 30, 2024. 

23 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly
set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

VINE HILL CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. 

Dated: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Nicholas Petruska 

Name: 
 Nicholas Petruska 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021926701ex31-1_vinehill.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Nicholas Petruska, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vine
Hill Capital Investment Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)
and 15d-15(a)); 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ Nicholas Petruska 

Name: 
 Nicholas Petruska 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021926701ex31-2_vinehill.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel Zlotnitsky, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vine
Hill Capital Investment Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)
and 15d-15(a)); 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ Daniel Zlotnitsky 

Name: 
 Daniel Zlotnitsky 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021926701ex32-1_vinehill.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Vine
Hill Capital Investment Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Nicholas Petruska, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 13, 2024 
 / s/ Nicholas Petruska 

Name: 
 Nicholas Petruska 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021926701ex32-2_vinehill.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Vine
Hill Capital Investment Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Daniel Zlotnitsky, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ Daniel Zlotnitsky 

Name: 
 Daniel Zlotnitsky 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vcicu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 vcicu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 vcicu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 vcicu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 vcicu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

