<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_886163_0000886163-24-000078.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9461981</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139286</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1796553</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2904546</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2505494</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1957066</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000886163-24-000078.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108160140
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000886163-24-000078
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIGAND PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000886163
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				770160744
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33093
		FILM NUMBER:		241440381

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3911 SORRENTO VALLEY BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-550-7500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3911 SORRENTO VALLEY BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000886163-24-000078.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 lgnd-20240930.htm
 10-Q

lgnd-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the Transition Period From ______ to ______ . 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class: Trading symbol: Name of each exchange on which registered: 

________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 

and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) Accelerated Filer 
 Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 5, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

LIGAND PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED 
 QUARTERLY REPORT 
 
 FORM 10-Q 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 ITEM 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 39 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 40 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 40 
 ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 40 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 40 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 42 
 SIGNATURE 
 42 

2 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS Abbreviation Definition 2023 Annual Report Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024 2023 Notes 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior unsecured notes due 2023 APAC Avista Public Acquisition Corp. II (prior to its domestication in Delaware and change of name to OmniAb, Inc.) 
 ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update Company Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, including subsidiaries CVR Contingent value right CyDex CyDex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Distribution The separation of OmniAb Business through a spin-off of OmniAb to Ligand s shareholders of record as of October 26, 2022 on a pro rata basis ESPP Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated, effective June 6, 2019 
 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FDA Food and Drug Administration GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States Ligand Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, including subsidiaries Merger Agreement Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 23, 2022, among APAC, Ligand, OmniAb and Merger Sub Merger Sub Orwell Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of APAC Metabasis Metabasis Therapeutics, Inc. NDA New Drug Application New OmniAb OmniAb, Inc. (formerly known as Avista Public Acquisition Corp. II and after it domestication in Delaware) OmniAb OmniAb Operations, Inc. (formerly known as OmniAb, Inc. and prior to being spun off by the Company) OmniAb Business Ligand's antibody discovery business (prior to being spun off by the Company) PDUFA Prescription Drug User Fee Act Q3 2023 The Company's fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2023 Q3 2024 The Company's fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 SBC Share-based compensation expense SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Separation Agreement Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2022, among APAC, Ligand and OmniAb Takeda Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Travere Travere Therapeutics, Inc. Viking Viking Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements : 
 
 You should read the following report together with the more detailed information regarding our company, our common stock and our financial statements and notes to those statements appearing elsewhere in this document. 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Although our forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of our management, these statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, these forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as believes, expects, may, will, plan, intends, estimates, would, continue, seeks, pro forma, or anticipates, or other similar words (including their use in the negative), or by discussions of future matters such as those related to our future results of operations and financial position, royalties and milestones under license agreements, Captisol material sales, product development, and product regulatory filings and approvals, and the timing thereof, the anticipated benefits from the Apeiron transaction, Ligand's status as a high-growth company, as well as other statements that are not historical. 
 
 The cautionary statements made in this report are intended to be applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they may appear in this report. We urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 3 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 LIGAND PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except par value) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventory Income taxes receivable Current derivative assets Other current assets Total current assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Long-term portion of financial royalty assets, net Noncurrent derivative assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Equity method investment in Primrose Bio Other investments Deferred income taxes, net 
 Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Income taxes payable Deferred revenue Current contingent liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Current finance lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term deferred revenue Long-term contingent liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes, net 
 Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

LIGAND PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues and other income: Revenue from intangible royalty assets Income from financial royalty assets Royalties Captisol Contract revenue and other income Total revenues and other income Operating costs and expenses: Cost of Captisol Amortization of intangibles Research and development General and administrative Financial royalty assets impairment Fair value adjustments to partner program derivatives Total operating costs and expenses Gain on sale of Pelican ) ) Operating income (loss) from continuing operations ) Non-operating income and expenses: Gain (loss) from short-term investments ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other non-operating expense, net ) ) ) ) Total non-operating (expenses) income, net ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes from continuing operations ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Net (loss) income from continuing operations ) ) Net loss from discontinued operations ) Net (loss) income ) ) Basic net (loss) income from continuing operations per share ) ) Basic net loss from discontinued operations per share ) Basic net (loss) income per share ) ) Shares used in basic per share calculation Diluted net (loss) income from continuing operations per share ) ) Diluted net loss from discontinued operations per share ) Diluted net (loss) income per share ) ) Shares used in diluted per share calculation 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

LIGAND PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income ) ) Unrealized net (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
 Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

LIGAND PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional paid in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes Share-based compensation Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Net income Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes Share-based compensation Unrealized net loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes Issuance of common stock under ATM, net of commissions and fees 
 Share-based compensation Unrealized net gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
 Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

7 

Common Stock Additional paid in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes ) ) Share-based compensation Unrealized net gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax Final distribution of OmniAb Net income Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes Share-based compensation Unrealized net loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Net income Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes Share-based compensation Unrealized net gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax Tax return to provision Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

LIGAND PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Change in estimated fair value of contingent liabilities Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets Amortization of premium on investments, net ) ) Amortization of debt discount and issuance fees Non-cash income from financial royalty assets ) ) CECL adjustment to financial royalty assets ) Impairment loss of financial royalty assets Loss on derivative assets 
 Gain on sale of Pelican ) Losses from equity method investment in Primrose Bio Fair value adjustment to Primrose Bio securities investments Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) Gain from short-term investments ) ) Lease amortization expense Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 
 Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Income tax receivable and payable ) Deferred revenue ) Other assets and liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of financial royalty assets 
 ) Proceeds from financial royalty assets Purchase of short-term investments ) ) Proceeds from sale of short-term investments Proceeds from maturity of short-term investments Cash paid for investment in Primrose Bio ) ) Cash paid for Palvella notes receivable ) Cash paid for Novan acquisition, net of restricted cash received ) Cash paid for the Agenus transaction ) Cash paid for Apeiron acquisition, net of cash received 
 ) Cash paid for InvIOs investment 
 ) Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from ATM sales, net of commissions and fees 
 Repayment at maturity/repurchase of 2023 Notes ) Payments under finance lease obligations ) ) Net proceeds from stock option exercises and ESPP Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Cash paid for debt issuance costs ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 9 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Taxes paid Restricted cash in other assets Acquisitions: 
 Fair value of tangible assets acquired, net of cash and restricted cash received Goodwill Financial royalty assets 
 Intangible assets Liabilities assumed ) ) Net cash paid for acquisitions 
 Supplemental schedule of non-cash activity: Accrued Primrose transaction costs Addition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
 Accrued fixed asset purchases Accrued debt issuance costs 
 Unrealized gain on AFS investments, net of tax 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

LIGAND PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this report to Ligand, we, us, the Company, and our refer to Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 1. 
 
 reportable segment: development and licensing of biopharmaceutical assets. 
 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 We have described our significant accounting policies in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 11 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the amount recognized as revenue that was previously deferred was million and 
 12 

. 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 Evomela Teriparatide injection Rylaze Filspari Vaxneuvance Other Revenue from intangible royalty assets Income from financial royalty assets Captisol Contract revenue and other income Milestone and other Other income Contract revenue and other income Total 

) U.S. government securities Bank deposits Corporate bonds ) Commercial paper ) Corporate equity securities ) ) Viking common stock Total short-term investments December 31, 2023 
 Bond fund ) Bank deposits ) Corporate bonds ) Commercial paper ) U.S. government securities ) Municipal bonds ) Corporate equity securities ) ) Viking common stock Total short-term investments 
 13 

million shares of Viking common stock and recognized a realized gain of million in total. We did sell Viking common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold million shares of Viking common stock and recognized a realized gain of million in total. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, there were sales of Viking common stock. 
 After one year through five years Total 
 We held a total of investments which were in an unrealized loss position with a total of million unrealized losses as of September 30, 2024. We believe that we will collect the principal and interest due on our debt securities that have an amortized cost in excess of fair value. The unrealized losses are largely due to changes in interest rates and not to unfavorable changes in the credit quality associated with these securities that impacted our assessment on collectability of principal and interest. In July 2024, we sold certain securities before the recovery of the amortized cost basis to fund the Apeiron acquisition. Accordingly, we wrote down the amortized cost of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We do not intend to sell these securities and it is not more-likely-than-not that we will be required to sell these securities before the recovery of the amortized cost basis as of September 30, 2024. Accordingly, there was credit loss recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2024. There were credit losses recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we considered the current and expected economic and market conditions and concluded a decrease of million and a decrease of million in the allowance for credit losses, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we considered the current and expected economic and market conditions and concluded an increase of million and an increase of million in the allowance for credit losses, respectively. 
 There was a million and million write-down recorded against inventory for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. There was write-down recorded against inventory for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. In addition to finished goods, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, inventory included prepayments of million and million, respectively, to our supplier for Captisol. 
 14 

Definite lived intangible assets Complete technology Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Trade name Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Customer relationships Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Contractual relationships Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Total goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets, net 
 
 For additional information, see Note 6, Financial Royalty Assets, net (formerly known as Commercial License Rights). 
 15 

million to milestone and royalty rights which expires on June 30, 2025 ("Upsize Option"), and (d) rights to receive from Primrose Bio of milestones on contracts previously entered into by Primordial Genetics. 
 In addition, we have entered into a collar arrangement to hedge against the fluctuation risk in Viking's share price (the Viking Share Collar ). However, because the Viking stock investment is remeasured at fair value through earnings under ASC 321, the Viking Share Collar is not eligible for hedge accounting, but is considered as an economic hedge. All derivatives are measured at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Viking shares collar Total current derivative assets Primrose mRNA 
 Agenus Partner Programs 
 Agenus Warrant years contractual term) 
 Total noncurrent derivative assets 
 
 A change in the fair value of the Viking Shares Collar that amounted to ) million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, are included in gain (loss) from short-term investments within the condensed consolidated statements of operations. A change in the fair value of Agenus Partner Programs that amounted to million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is included in fair value adjustments to partner program derivatives within the condensed consolidated statements of operations. A change in the fair value of other derivatives that amounted to ) million and ) million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, are recognized in other non-operating expense, net within the condensed consolidated statements of operations. We acquired the Primrose mRNA derivative on September 18, 2023 with the sale of Pelican business and investment in Primrose Bio transaction. A change in the fair value of the Primrose mRNA derivative that amounted to million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is included in fair value adjustments to partner program derivatives within the condensed consolidated statements of operations. We did have any other derivative instruments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 16 

InvIOs investment 
 Neuritek warrants Palvella Series C preferred stock Total other investments 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a full impairment for our investment in Neuritek warrants. 
 Other Assets and Other Current Assets 
 Other assets include economic rights related to the 2023 expansion of our strategic partnership with Palvella to accelerate Phase 3 development of QTORIN rapamycin for the treatment of Microcystic Lymphatic Malformations Microcystic LMs ). According to the terms of the second amendment to our development funding and royalties agreement with Palvella (the Palvella Second Amendment ). Palvella received an upfront payment of million from Ligand. In return for the upfront payment, among other contractual changes, the tiered royalty payable by Palvella to Ligand was increased to between and based on annual aggregate worldwide net sales of QTORIN rapamycin. We are not obligated to provide additional funding to Palvella for development or commercialization of QTORIN. 
 We determined the economic rights related to Palvella should be characterized as a funded research and development arrangement, because the contract designated the funds usage for research and development activities, and thus we account for them in accordance with ASC 730-20, Research and Development Arrangement . We reduce our asset as the funds are expended by Palvella. As of September 30, 2024, of the million upfront funding related to the Palvella Second Amendment, million of the funding to Palvella was expended. Our CEO and director, Todd Davis, is a director of Palvella. Mr. Davis recused himself from both board's consideration of the agreement between us and Palvella, including any financial analysis, the terms of the Palvella Second Amendment and the vote to approve the Palvella Second Amendment and the related transactions. 
 In June 2024, we funded Palvella million in exchange for a convertible note with a maturity of , which is included in other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Other current assets primarily include million Employee Retention Credit, million current portion of financial royalty assets (disclosed in Note 6, Financial Royalty Assets, net ), million prepaid expenses, and 
 Work in process Total Pelthos inventory in other current assets 
 Accrued Liabilities 
 Subcontractor Professional fees Customer deposit Supplier Royalties owed to third parties Amounts owed to former licensees Other Total accrued liabilities 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 17 

tradable CVRs for each Metabasis share. The fair values of the CVRs are remeasured at each reporting date through the term of the related agreement. 
 Any change in fair value is recorded in other non-operating expense, net within our condensed consolidated statement of operations. For additional information, see Note 7, Fair Value Measurements. 
 Other Long-Term Liabilities 
 Novan (Pelthos) contract liability 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 
 SBC - General and administrative expenses 
 
 The increase in share-based compensation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior periods are primarily due to the one-time stock compensation expense associated with the anticipated departure of our former President and Chief Operating Officer COO during the third quarter of 2024 and the new hires in 2024. 
 Dividend yield Expected volatility Expected term (years) 
 
 A limited amount of performance-based restricted stock units PSUs contain a market condition based on our relative total shareholder return ranked on a percentile basis against the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index over a performance period, with a range of to of the target amount granted to be issued under the award. Share-based compensation cost for these PSUs is measured using the Monte-Carlo simulation valuation model and is not adjusted for the achievement, or lack thereof, of the performance conditions. 
 18 

For additional information, see Note 10, Stockholders Equity . 
 In accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share , if a company had a discontinuing operation, the company uses income from continuing operations, adjusted for preferred dividends and similar adjustments, as its control number to determine whether potential common shares are dilutive. 
 Dilutive potential common shares: Restricted stock Stock options 2023 Notes 
 Shares used to compute diluted income (loss) per share 
 Potentially dilutive shares excluded from calculation due to anti-dilutive effect 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, due to the net loss for the period, the million weighted average incremental options and restricted stock awards were anti-dilutive. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to the net loss for the period, the million weighted average incremental options and restricted stock awards were anti-dilutive. 
 19 

20 

2. 
 million purchase and sale agreement (the Agenus Agreement ), dated May 6, 2024, among us and Agenus Inc., Agenus Royalty Fund, LLC, and Agenus Holdings 2024, LLC (collectively, Agenus ). Under the terms of the Agenus Agreement, we received (i) of the licensed royalties and of the future licensed milestones paid to Agenus on six-partnered oncology programs, including BMS-986442 (Bristol Myers Squibb), AGEN2373 (Gilead Sciences), INCAGN2385 and INCAGN2390 (Incyte), MK-4830 (Merck), and UGN-301 (UroGen Pharma) (collectively referred as Agenus Partnered Programs ), and (ii) a synthetic royalty on future global net sales of Agenus novel immuno-oncology botensilimab in combination with balstilimab BOT/BAL program, collectively subject to certain events which may adjust the royalty and milestone percentages paid to us. In addition, we received the option to commit an additional million in the same assets on a pro rata basis which expires on June 30, 2025 Upsize Option ). We have also agreed to allow Agenus to raise up to an additional million bringing the total syndicated purchase price up to an aggregate of million. As part of the Agenus Agreement, Agenus will grant us security over certain assets related to the programs included in the Agenus Agreement, subject to certain customary exceptions. 
 In connection with entry into the Agenus Agreement, Agenus issued us a warrant Agenus Warrant to purchase shares of its common stock, at an exercise price equal to . 
 We accounted for all Agenus Partnered Programs, Agenus Warrant and Upsize Option as derivative assets. Upsize Option was presented within current derivative assets line (as it expires on June 30, 2025), and the other derivatives were presented in noncurrent derivative assets line in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. Agenus Partnered Programs are recognized as derivative assets under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , as they have different underlyings (milestone payments and royalties). The commercial milestones and royalties are dependent on the development milestones and the commercial milestone and royalties underlyings are not determined to be predominate. The derivative assets were recorded at fair value as of May 29, 2024, and are marked to fair value at each subsequent reporting period. 
 The fair value of Agenus Partnered Programs derivative assets is determined as a present value of expected future cash flows adjusted for the level of risk appropriate for a respective program stage. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, certain Agenus partners discontinued development of their partnered programs. These programs may be relicensed at a later date, and Ligand would retain its economic interest upon any relicense activity. 
 The fair value of Agenus Warrant is determined using a Black-Scholes model. The following assumptions were used as of May 29, 2024, and September 30, 2024, respectively: expected term of years and years, volatility of and , risk-free rate of and , Agenus Stock price of and . 
 The fair value of the Upsize Option was determined using the binomial option pricing model under which we assessed and considered the possible upwards and downwards scenarios through the expiration date of the Upsize Option. 
 See Note 7, Fair Value Measurements, for additional information on the Agenus Partnered Program derivative assets, Agenus Warrant, and Upsize Option . 
 We accounted for the acquired BOT/BAL rights as a financial royalty asset which is currently put under the non-accrual method as management cannot reliably estimate future cash flows from this program. The amount of BOT/BAL financial royalty asset was determined as a residual value from the million aggregate investment amount, less fair value of all acquired derivative assets as of May 29, 2024. 

3. 
 common shares, preferred shares and restricted shares of Primrose Bio. Simultaneous with the merger, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement with Primrose Bio and contributed million in exchange for of potential development milestones and certain commercial milestones from contracts previously entered into by Primordial Genetics. In addition, starting January 1, 2025, we will receive of sales revenue of PeliCRM197 above million and of all PeliCRM197 licensing revenue in perpetuity. 
 We retained contractual relationships utilizing the Pelican Expression Technology, including the commercial royalty rights to Jazz s Rylaze, Merck s Vaxneuvance and V116 vaccines, Alvogen s Teriparatide, Serum Institute of India s vaccine programs, including Pneumosil and MenFive vaccines, among others. 
 21 

Intangible assets Other assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Accrued liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) Long-term operating lease liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Net assets sold Allocated goodwill Cash consideration paid 
 
 Equity securities Derivative assets 
 
 Goodwill allocated to the selling business based on the relative fair value of the Pelican business and Ligand that was written off was million, resulting in a million gain on sale of Pelican recorded to income (loss) from operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Transaction costs of million were allocated to the equity method investment and equity securities based on the relative fair value. 
 As described above, we will receive of sales revenue of PeliCRM197 above million and of all PeliCRM197 licensing revenue in perpetuity. The considerations are under the loss recovery model and they will be measured based on the gain contingency model under ASC 450, Contingencies , and thus, will be recognized as the underlying contingencies are resolved. 
 In addition, we will receive of potential development milestones and certain commercial milestones from contracts previously entered into by Primordial Genetics. The considerations were recognized as derivative assets with a fair value of million, at the disposition date, which was included in noncurrent derivative assets in our . They are recognized as derivative assets under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , as they have underlyings (development and commercial milestones) and (i) the commercial milestones are dependent on the development milestones and (ii) the commercial milestone underlying is not determined to be predominate. The derivative assets were recorded at fair value as of September 18, 2023, and will be marketed to fair value at each reporting period going forward. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, a loss of million was recorded to market the derivative assets to fair value and was included in fair value adjustments to partner program derivatives in our condensed consolidated statement of operations. For additional information, see Note 7, Fair Value Measurements . 
 Investments in Primrose Bio 
 We account for our common stock investment in Primrose Bio under the equity method as we have the ability to exercise significant influence over Primrose Bio's operating and financial results. In applying the equity method, we record the investment at fair value. Our proportionate share of net loss of Primrose Bio is recorded in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Our equity method investments are reviewed for indicators of impairment at each reporting period and are written down to fair value if there is evidence of a loss in value that is other-than-temporary. In June 2024, Primrose Bio received an equity investment from an equity firm. In July 2024, Primrose Bio raised additional funds from another equity firm. As a result, we recognized an impairment loss on our equity method investment in the amount of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was impairment to our equity method investment during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Our share of the net loss of Primrose Bio for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively, which reduced Ligand's equity method investment accordingly. Any income or loss 
 22 

million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 in connection with the above mentioned equity funding received by Primrose Bio in June and July 2024. 
 Former President and Chief Operating Officer Matt Korenberg served as a board member of Primrose Bio beginning in Q4 2023. His employment with Ligand concluded in October 2024, after which Lauren Hay, Vice President of Strategic Planning Investment Analytics, succeeded him as a board member of Primrose Bio. 

4. 
 million base consideration. We funded the Apeiron Acquisition from our available cash on hand. 
 In addition to base consideration, we would also pay Apeiron shareholders an additional consideration based on future commercial and regulatory events, including up to million if QARZIBA royalties exceed certain predetermined thresholds by either 2030 or 2034, and pay additional earn-outs on specific future events, primarily related to QARZIBA regulatory approval and commercialization in the USA. 
 We evaluated this acquisition in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations , to discern whether the assets and operations of Apeiron met the definition of a business. We accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition. 
 We incurred million of transaction costs related to the Apeiron Acquisition, which were included in the amount of total purchase consideration. Financial assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Apeiron Acquisition were recognized at their fair values. The remaining assets acquired were recognized on a relative fair value basis. 
 Contract assets (financial royalty assets) 
 Other assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 ) Income tax payable ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ) Total fair value of net assets acquired 
 
 Contract assets acquired are accounted for as a financial royalty asset, similar to loans receivable and are measured at amortized cost using the prospective effective interest method described in ASC 835-30. The acquired contracts assets include QARZIBA and other development phase contract assets. 
 As QARZIBA is a commercial phase program, we are able to reasonably estimate future cash flows and, as such, we recognize income from QARZIBA financial royalty assets starting from the Apeiron Acquisition effective date, which is calculated by multiplying the carrying value of the financial royalty asset by the periodic effective interest rate. As described in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies , the effective interest rate is calculated by forecasting the expected cash flows to be received over the life of the asset relative to the initial invested amount. The effective interest rate is recalculated in each reporting period as the differences between expected cash flows and actual cash flows are realized and as there are changes to expected future cash flows. We account for other Apeiron development phase financial royalty assets on a non-accrual basis as there is a higher level of uncertainty over the related expected cash flows. 
 23 

million have been recorded to reflect the difference between the book and tax basis of the acquired assets. 
 We account for the earnout liabilities in the Apeiron Acquisition in accordance with ASC450, Contingencies , and will recognize respective liability when the contingency is resolved, and the liability becomes payable. No earnout liability is recognized as of the acquisition date, and as of September 30, 2024. 
 In conjunction with the Apeiron Acquisition, we have also invested million (including million transaction costs) in InvIOs Holding AG ("InvIOs") common shares, a privately held spin-off of Apeiron. This investment was part of an million (approximately million) round with other investors which would help finance the research and development of three innovative early-stage immuno-oncology assets. Apeiron has previously outlicensed these assets to InvIOs and is entitled to future royalties and milestone payments. 
 As the result of this investment, we did not obtain control or significant influence in InvIOs. We determined that common stock of InvIOs did not have a readily determinable fair value and therefore elected the measurement alternative in ASC 321 to subsequently record the investment at cost, less any impairments, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. When fair value becomes determinable, from observable price changes in orderly transactions, our investment will be marked to fair value. 
 Novan 
 On September 27, 2023, we closed the transaction to acquire certain assets of Novan, Inc. Novan pursuant to the agreement we entered into with Novan on July 17, 2023 for million in cash (which agreement contemplated Novan filing for bankruptcy relief) and provide up to million in debtor-in-possession DIP financing inclusive of a million bridge loan funded on the same day. Novan filed for Chapter 11 reorganization on July 17, 2023. On September 27, 2023, the bankruptcy court approved our million bid to purchase from Novan its lead product candidate berdazimer gel, , all other assets related to the NITRICIL technology platform and the rights to one commercial stage asset. The remaining commercial assets of Novan were to be sold to other parties pursuant to the bankruptcy court's order. The approved million bid was credited to the million DIP financing, with the balance of million and accrued interest repaid to us. 
 The Novan acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. We recorded million of acquisition-related costs for legal, due diligence and other costs in connection with the acquisition within operating expenses in our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 We have finalized purchase accounting for the Novan acquisition. 
 
 Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Other assets Deferred tax asset Intangible assets acquired Goodwill Deferred revenue ) Operating lease liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Cash paid for Novan, including restricted cash received DIP loan fees and interest Total consideration 
 
 24 

of the goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. Acquired intangible assets of million are related to core technology. The fair value of the core technology was based on the discounted cash flow method that estimated the present value of the potential royalties, milestones, and collaboration revenue streams derived from the licensing of the related technologies. These projected cash flows were discounted to present value using a discount rate of . The fair value of the core technology is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of years. 
 Acquired other liabilities of million were related to a royalty and milestone payments purchase agreement, entered by Novan in 2019 and assumed as part of the acquisition, which previously provided Novan million of funding used primarily in the clinical development of berdazimer gel, . Pursuant to the purchase agreement, Novan will pay ongoing quarterly payments, calculated based on an applicable percentage per product of any upfront fees, milestone payments, royalty payments or equivalent payments received by Novan pursuant to any out-license agreement, net of any upfront fees, milestone payments, royalty payments or equivalent payments paid by Novan to third parties pursuant to any agreements under which Novan has in-licensed intellectual property with respect to such products. If Novan decides to commercialize any product on its own following regulatory approval, as opposed to commercializing through an out-license agreement or other third-party arrangement, Novan will be obligated to pay a low single digits royalty on net sales of such products. This contract liability was fair valued based on the discounted cash flow method that estimated the present value of the potential royalties, milestones, and collaboration revenue streams derived from the related programs mentioned above, by applying a discount rate of (revenue risk-adjusted discount rate). 
 On April 3, 2024, we announced the creation of Pelthos Therapeutics to focus on the commercialization of innovative, safe, and efficacious therapeutic products for patients suffering from conditions with limited treatment options. ZELSUVMI (berdazimer topical gel, ), its first product, is the FDA-approved prescription medicine for the treatment of the highly transmissible molluscum contagiosum (molluscum) viral skin infection in adults and pediatric patients one year of age and older. ZELSUVMI received a Novel Drug designation from the FDA in January 2024 to treat molluscum viral skin infection. ZELSUVMI was developed using Pelthos' proprietary nitric oxide-based NITRICIL technology platform. The rights to ZELSUVMI and all assets related to the NITRICIL technology platform were acquired from Novan in September 2023 in the Novan acquisition described above. 

5. 
 of Ligand s interest in OmniAb. Immediately following the Distribution, Merger Sub merged with and into OmniAb, with OmniAb continuing as the surviving company in the merger and as a wholly owned subsidiary of New OmniAb. The entire transaction was completed on November 1, 2022, and following the merger, New OmniAb is an independent, publicly traded company whose common stock trades on Nasdaq under the symbol OABI. After the Distribution, we do not beneficially own any shares of common stock in OmniAb and no longer consolidate OmniAb into our financial results for periods ending after November 1, 2022. 
 Discontinued operations 
 million tax provision adjustment related to deferred taxes, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, that was attributable to the discontinued operations. 
 
 25 

6. 
 ) Agenus (Bot/Bal) ) Elutia (CorMatrix) ) ) Selexis ) ) Ovid (Soticlestat) ) ) Tolerance Therapeutics (TZIELD) ) ) Ensifentrine inventors ) Total financial royalty assets, net ) ) 
 (1) The amounts of allowance include cumulated allowance for changes in expected cash flows and cumulated allowance for current expected credit losses. 
 (2) The amounts include million current portion of financial royalty assets which represents an estimation for current quarter royalty receipts that are collected during the subsequent quarter. This portion is presented in other current assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 Financial royalty assets represent a portfolio of future milestone and royalty payment rights acquired in the Apeiron Acquistion in July 2024, from Agenus in May 2024, Selexis, S.A. Selexis in April 2013 and May 2015, CorMatrix Cardiovascular, Inc. CorMatrix in May 2016, which was later acquired by Aziyo (Aziyo changed its corporate name to Elutia Inc. Elutia in September 2023) in 2017, Ovid Therapeutics Inc. Ovid in October 2023, Tolerance Therapeutics, Inc. Tolerance Therapeutics in November 2023, and from certain ensifentrine inventors in March and August 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a million impairment loss for Ovid (Soticlestat) financial royalty asset and a million impairment loss for Selexis financial royalty asset. There was impairment loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a million impairment loss for Selexis financial royalty asset as a result of reduced programs. 
 Apeiron financial royalty assets 
 As discussed in Note 4, Acquisitions , we acquired certain financial royalty assets within the Apeiron Acquisition, including QARZIBA and certain InvIOs programs. As QARZIBA is a commercial phase program, we are able to reasonably estimate future cash flows and, as such, we recognized income from QARZIBA financial royalty assets starting from the Apeiron Acquisition effective date. We accounted for the InvIOs financial royalty assets using the non-accrual method until we are able to reliably estimate future cash flows. 
 Elutia Agreement 
 In 2016, Ligand entered into a purchase agreement to acquire certain financial royalty assets from CorMatrix. In 2017, CorMatrix sold its marketed products to Elutia where Elutia assumed the Ligand royalty obligation. In 2017, we amended the terms of the royalty agreement with Elutia where we received million to buydown the royalty rates on the products CorMatrix sold to Elutia (the CorMatrix Asset Sale ). Per the amended agreement with Elutia, we will receive a royalty, with certain annual minimum payments, on the products Elutia acquired in the CorMatrix Asset Sale and up to million of milestones tied to cumulative net sales of these products. The royalty agreement will terminate on May 31, 2027. 
 During 2023, due to Elutia's nonpayment of the minimum payments under the amended royalty agreement over several quarters, we placed the Elutia asset on the non-accrual method. In January 2024, we executed an amendment to our agreement with Elutia which will allow us to reliably estimate future cash flows. As such, the Elutia asset was switched from the non-accrual method to the effective interest method during the first quarter of 2024. We further considered the current and expected future economic and market conditions, current company performance and recent payments received from Elutia. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 we recorded a reduction of million and million, respectively, to Elutia allowance of expected credit loss. The credit loss adjustments were recorded as a gain in general and administrative expense in our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 we recorded an increase of million to Elutia allowance of expected credit loss. 
 Soticlestat Agreement 
 In October 2023, we made an investment of million to acquire a portion of the royalties and milestones owed to Ovid Therapeutics related to the potential approval and commercialization of soticlestat. 
 26 

million. The fair value of the soticlestat financial royalty asset was determined using a discounted cash flow approach, utilizing the mostly-likely cash flows which considered the probability of success for the underlying clinical program and discount rate of which contemplates the underlying credit and business risk of the partnered program. As of September 30, 2024, management continues to account for the soticlestat financial royalty asset using the non-accrual method until we are able to reliably estimate future cash flows. 
 TZIELD Agreement 
 In November 2023, we acquired Tolerance Therapeutics for million in cash. Tolerance Therapeutics is a holding company, owned by the inventors of TZIELD (teplizumab), and is owed a royalty of less than on worldwide net sales of TZIELD. TZIELD is marketed by Sanofi, starting in 2023. For tax purposes this transaction was treated as a stock deal, so there is no step-up in basis and tax attributes. Therefore, a deferred tax liability (DTL) of million was recognized on the book basis and tax basis difference and recorded to the book value of the Tolerance financial royalty asset. Due to the early stages of TZIELD's commercialization, management has placed the investment on the non-accrual method until we are able to reliably estimate future cash flows. 
 Ensifentrine Inventors Agreements 
 In March and August 2024, we acquired future milestone and royalty rights related to ensifentrine from certain ensifentrine inventors for a total of million and million, respectively. On June 26, 2024, Verona Pharma plc (Nasdaq: VRNA) received FDA approval for ensifentrine for the maintenance treatment of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease COPD ). During three months ended September 30, 2024, Verona started commercial sales of ensifentrine (marketed as Ohtuvayre TM in the U.S. Due to the early stages of Ohtuvayre's commercialization, management has placed the investment on the non-accrual method until we are able to reliably estimate future cash flows. 

7. 
 Investment in Viking common stock 
 Total assets Liabilities: Contingent liabilities - CyDex Contingent liabilities - Metabasis (3) 
 Total liabilities 
 (1) Excluding our investment in Viking, corporate equity securities, and US government securities, our short-term investments in marketable debt and equity securities are classified as available-for-sale securities based on management's intentions and are at level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, as these investment securities are valued based upon quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. Short-term investments in bond funds are valued at their net asset value (NAV) on the last day of the period. We have classified marketable securities with original maturities of greater than one year as short-term investments based upon our ability and intent to use any and all of those marketable securities to satisfy the liquidity needs of our current operations. In addition, we had investment in warrants resulting from Seelos Therapeutics Inc. milestone payments that were settled in shares during the first quarter of 2019 and were at level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, based on Black-Scholes value estimated by management on the last day of the period. This investment in warrants expired in January 2024. 
 (2) Derivative assets include instruments used for risk-management purposes, and other instruments. Derivative assets which are not used for risk management purposes include: (a) acquired rights in future milestone and royalty payments from Agenus Partnered Programs, (b) Agenus Warrant, (c) Upsize Option, (d) Viking Share Collar (e) and rights to receive from Primrose Bio of milestones on contracts previously entered into by Primordial Genetics. The considerations were recognized as derivative assets included under current derivative assets and noncurrent derivative assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. They are recognized as derivative assets under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. The fair value of the Agenus Partnered Programs and the Primrose Bio derivative assets was determined using a discounted cash flow approach, utilizing the mostly-likely cash flows which considered the probability of success for the underlying clinical programs. The discount rate used contemplates the underlying credit and business risk of the partnered programs. At 
 27 

and . At December 31, 2023, the discount rate used was . The fair value of the Agenus Warrant and Viking Share Collar was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton model. The fair value of the Upsize Option was determined using a binomial option pricing model. 
 (3) In connection with our acquisition of Metabasis in January 2010, we issued Metabasis stockholders tradable CVRs, CVR from each of respective series of CVR, for each Metabasis share. The CVRs entitle Metabasis stockholders to cash payments as frequently as every as cash is received by us from proceeds from the sale or partnering of any of the Metabasis drug development programs, among other triggering events. The liability for the CVRs is determined using quoted prices in a market that is not active for the underlying CVR. The carrying amount of the liability may fluctuate significantly based upon quoted market prices and actual amounts paid under the agreements may be materially different than the carrying amount of the liability. Several of the Metabasis drug development programs have been outlicensed to Viking, including VK2809. VK2809 is a novel selective TR- agonist with potential in multiple indications, including hypercholesterolemia, dyslipidemia, NASH, and X-ALD. Under the terms of the agreement with Viking, we may be entitled to up to million of development, regulatory and commercial milestones and tiered royalties on potential future sales including a million payment upon initiation of a Phase 3 clinical trial. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we adjusted the balance of the Metabasis CVR liability by decreasing million and increasing million, respectively, to mark to market. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we adjusted the balance of the Metabasis CVR liability by decreasing million and increasing million, respectively, to mark to market. 
 Additions to derivative assets Fair value adjustments to derivative assets ) Fair value of level 3 financial instruments as of September 30, 2024 
 Liabilities Fair value of level 3 financial instruments as of December 31, 2023 
 Payments to CVR holders and other contingent payments ) Fair value adjustments to contingent liabilities Fair value of level 3 financial instruments as of September 30, 2024 

Assets Measured on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 We apply fair value techniques on a non-recurring basis associated with valuing potential impairment losses related to our goodwill, intangible assets with estimated useful lives and long-lived assets. 
 We evaluate goodwill annually for impairment and whenever circumstances occur indicating that goodwill might be impaired. We determine the fair value of our reporting unit based on a combination of inputs, including the market capitalization of Ligand, as well as Level 3 inputs such as discounted cash flows, which are not observable from the market, directly or indirectly. 
 We evaluate intangible assets with estimated useful lives whenever circumstances occur indicating that intangible assets may not be recoverable An impairment evaluation is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets are largely independent of other groups of assets and liabilities. 
 There was impairment of our goodwill, intangible assets, or long-lived assets recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Our cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other current assets, financial royalty assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, deferred revenue, current operating lease liabilities, current finance lease liabilities and Novan (Pelthos) other long-term liabilities are financial instruments and are recorded at cost in the consolidated balance sheets. The estimated fair value of these financial instruments approximates their carrying value. 

8. 
 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with Citibank, N.A. as the Administrative Agent (as defined in the Credit Agreement). We, our material domestic subsidiaries, as Guarantors (as defined in the Credit Agreement), and the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with the Administrative Agent, under which the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer (each as defined in the Credit Agreement) agreed to make revolving loans, swingline loans and other financial accommodations to us (including the issuance of letters of credit) in an aggregate amount of up to million. Borrowings 
 28 

to per annum for Term SOFR loans and to per annum for base rate loans. The Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee payable on the unused Revolving Credit Facility commitments ranging from to , depending on our leverage ratio. During the term of the Revolving Credit Facility, we may borrow, repay and re-borrow amounts available under the Revolving Credit Facility, subject to voluntary reductions of the swing line, letter of credit and revolving credit commitments. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by certain of our collateral and that of the Guarantors. In specified circumstances, additional guarantors are required to be added to the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including certain financial maintenance covenants, and events of default applicable to us. In the event of violation of the representations, warranties and covenants made in the Credit Agreement, we may not be able to utilize the Revolving Credit Facility or repayment of amounts owed thereunder could be accelerated. 
 Amendment to Revolving Credit Facility 
 On July 8, 2024, we entered into the first amendment (the Amendment to the Credit Agreement, which amends the Credit Agreement to, among other things, increase the aggregate revolving credit facility amount from million to million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had million in available borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility, after utilizing million for letter of credit. The maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility, as amended, is October 12, 2026. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were no events of default or violation of any covenants under our financing obligations. 

9.) and , respectively, and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) limitation on deduction for officer compensation, other non-deductible items, and income from foreign operations, which were partially offset by the foreign derived intangible income tax benefit. The variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) limitation on deduction for officer compensation, non-deductible incentive stock option (ISO) related stock compensation expense, which were partially offset by foreign derived intangible income tax benefit during the period. 
 
 29 

10. 
 million. 
 Granted Options exercised/RSUs vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, outstanding options to purchase million shares were exercisable with a weighted average exercise price per share of . 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The price at which common stock is purchased under the Amended Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP, is equal to of the fair market value of the common stock on the first or last day of the offering period, whichever is lower. As of September 30, 2024, shares were available for future purchases under the ESPP. 
 At-the-Market Equity Offering Program 
 On September 30, 2022, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 (the Shelf Registration Statement ), which became automatically effective upon filing, covering the offering of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and units. 
 On September 30, 2022, we also entered into an At-The-Market Equity Offering Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated (the Agent ), under which we may, from time to time, sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million in at the market offerings through the Agent (the ATM Offering ). The Shelf Registration Statement included a prospectus covering the offering, issuance and sale of up to million of our common stock from time to time through the ATM Offering. The shares to be sold under the Sales Agreement may be issued and sold pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued shares of common stock in the ATM Offering, generating proceeds of million, net of commissions and other transaction costs. 
 Share Repurchases 
 In April 2023, our Board of Directors (the Board has approved a stock repurchase program authorizing, but not requiring, the repurchase of up to million of our common stock from time to time through April 2026. We expect to acquire shares, if at all, primarily through open-market transactions in accordance with all applicable requirements of Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The timing and amount of repurchase transactions will be determined by management based on our evaluation of market conditions, share price, legal requirements and other factors. Authorization to repurchase million of our common stock remained available as of September 30, 2024. 

11. 
 30 

civil complaints filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio on behalf of several Indian tribes. The Northern District of Ohio is the Court that the Judicial Panel on Multi-District Litigation JPML has assigned more than one thousand civil cases which have been designated as a Multi-District Litigation MDL and captioned In Re: National Prescription Opiate Litigation. The allegations in these complaints focus on the activities of defendants other than us and no individualized factual allegations have been advanced against us in any of the filed complaints. We reject all claims raised in the complaints and intend to vigorously defend against these matters. 
 From time to time, we may also become subject to other legal proceedings or claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We currently believe that none of the claims or actions pending against us is likely to have, individually or in aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Given the unpredictability inherent in litigation, however, we cannot predict the outcome of these matters. 
 Operating Leases 
 million increase in both operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities at lease commencement. 
 
 31 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Caution: This discussion and analysis may contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors. This outlook represents our current judgment on the future direction of our business. These statements include those related to our future results of operations and financial position, Captisol-related revenues and Kyprolis and other product royalty revenues and milestones under license agreements, product development, and product regulatory filings and approvals, and the timing thereof. Actual events or results may differ materially from our expectations. For example, there can be no assurance that our revenues or expenses will meet any expectations or follow any trend(s), that we will be able to retain our key employees or that we will be able to enter into any strategic partnerships or other transactions. We cannot assure you that we will receive expected Kyprolis, Captisol and other product revenues to support our ongoing business or that our internal or partnered pipeline products will progress in their development, gain marketing approval or achieve success in the market. In addition, ongoing or future arbitration, litigation or disputes with third parties may have a material adverse effect on us. Such risks and uncertainties, and others, could cause actual results to differ materially from any future performance suggested. We undertake no obligation to make any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date of this quarterly report. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 We use our trademarks, trade names and services marks in this report as well as trademarks, trade names and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this report appear without the and symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trade marks and trade names. 
 References to Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, Ligand, the Company, we or our include Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

Overview 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company enabling scientific advancement through supporting the clinical development of high-value medicines. We do this by providing financing, licensing our technologies or both. Our business model seeks to generate value for stockholders by creating a diversified portfolio of biopharmaceutical product revenue streams that are supported by an efficient and low corporate cost structure. Our goal is to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the promise of the biotech industry in a profitable and diversified manner. Our business model focuses on funding programs in mid- to late-stage drug development in return for economic rights, purchasing royalty rights in development stage or commercial biopharmaceutical products and licensing our technology to help partners discover and develop medicines. We partner with other pharmaceutical companies to leverage what they do best (late-stage development, regulatory management and commercialization) in order to generate our revenue. Our Captisol platform technology is a chemically modified cyclodextrin with a structure designed to optimize the solubility and stability of drugs. We have established multiple alliances, licenses and other business relationships with the world s leading biopharmaceutical companies including Amgen, Merck, Pfizer, Jazz, Takeda, Gilead Sciences, Baxter International and Agenus. 
 Our revenue is generated primarily from royalties on sales of products commercialized by our partners, Captisol material sales, and contract revenue for license fees, regulatory and sales based milestone payments. Other operating income is primarily related to milestone income received for financial royalty assets that have been fully amortized or where there is no underlying asset recognized on the consolidated balance sheets. Also, we selectively pursue acquisitions and drug development funding opportunities that address high unmet clinical needs to bring in new assets, pipelines, and technologies to aid in generating additional potential new incremental revenue streams. 
 Business Updates 
 We will host an investor and analyst day in Boston on December 10, 2024. CEO Todd Davis and other members of Ligand s senior management team will provide an overview of our business model and investment selection process, review the progress of the portfolio including near-term partner milestones, and introduce 2025 guidance. 
 During Q3 2024, we sold 334,325 shares of our common stock pursuant to an At-The-Market (ATM) Equity Offering, generating net proceeds of 34.3 million. We have the ability to issue an additional 65 million under the current ATM plan. 
 Portfolio Updates 
 FILSPARI 
 32 

On September 5, 2024, Travere Therapeutics announced it received full FDA approval for FILSPARI for the treatment of IgA Nephropathy (IgAN) in adults. The FDA decision expands patient access to the first and only non-immunosuppressive therapy approved for the treatment of this rare progressive kidney disease. 
 On October 17, 2024, Travere Therapeutics and CSL Vifor announced that Swissmedic granted temporary marketing authorization for FILSPARI for the treatment of adults with primary IgAN with a urine protein excretion 1.0 g/day (or urine protein-to-creatinine ratio 0.75 g/g). The Swissmedic approval was supported by results from the pivotal Phase 3 PROTECT Study of FILSPARI in IgA nephropathy (IgAN) and follows full marketing approval by the U.S. FDA in September 2024 and conditional marketing authorization by the European Medicines Agency in April 2024. 
 On October 26, 2024, Travere Therapeutics presented new data further demonstrating the clinical benefit of FILSPARI in IgAN and reinforcing its potential in focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) at the American Society of Nephrology Kidney Week 2024. Presentations included new data from the SPARTAN Study which showed that nearly 60 of patients with IgAN achieved complete remission when using FILSPARI as a first-line treatment. In addition, presentations took place on the SPARTACUS Study, PROTECT open-label extension, and real-world evidence highlighting the initial safety and efficacy data of FILSPARI in IgAN in combination treatment with a SGLT2 inhibitor. A late-breaking presentation demonstrated sparsentan delivered rapid and sustained proteinuria reduction and long-term kidney health benefits in a subset of patients with genetic, often treatment resistant, FSGS. 
 Ohtuvayre 
 On November 4, 2024, Verona Pharma provided an update on the commercial launch of Ohtuvayre in the U.S. reporting net sales of 5.6 million and October net sales that exceeded total third quarter sales. Additionally, through October Verona Pharma reported more than 2,200 unique prescribers and more than 5,000 prescriptions were filled across a broad COPD population. 
 In September, 2024, Verona's Pharma development partner in Greater China, Nuance Pharma (private), completed enrollment in its pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating Ohtuvayre for the maintenance treatment of COPD in China. Results from the trial are expected in 2025. 
 Other Portfolio Updates 
 On October 23, 2024, Merck (NYSE: MRK) announced that the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention s Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) voted to update the adult age-based pneumococcal vaccination guidelines and has recommended CAPVAXIVE (Pneumococcal 21-valent Conjugate Vaccine) for pneumococcal vaccination in adults 50 years of age and older. Additionally, ACIP shared clinical decision-making has also recommended a supplemental dose of CAPVAXIVE for adults 65 years of age and older who have completed their vaccine series with both PCV13 (pneumococcal 13-valent conjugate vaccine) and PPSV23 (pneumococcal 23-valent polysaccharide vaccine). 
 On October 9, 2024, Viking Therapeutics announced positive data from the company's Phase 1b clinical trial of VK0214, a novel small molecule agonist of the thyroid hormone receptor beta (TR ), in patients with X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy. Results from this study showed VK0214 to be safe and well-tolerated following once-daily dosing over the 28-day study period. In addition, significant reductions were observed in plasma levels of very long-chain fatty acids (VLCFAs) and other lipids, as compared to placebo. Ligand is entitled to a 3.5-7.5 royalty on future net sales of VK0214, as well as clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestones. 
 On July 1, 2024, Palvella Therapeutics (private) initiated SELVA, a 24-week, pivotal Phase 3, single-arm, baseline-controlled clinical trial of QTORIN rapamycin for the treatment of microcystic lymphatic malformations (MLM). The study s primary and key secondary endpoints are clinician-reported outcomes and the study will enroll 40 subjects at leading vascular anomaly centers across the U.S. 

Results of Operations 
 Revenue and Other Income 
 33 

(Dollars in thousands) Q3 2024 Q3 2023 Change Change YTD 2024 YTD 2023 Change Change Revenue from intangible royalty assets 26,552 23,863 2,689 11 67,512 61,447 6,065 10 Income from financial royalty assets 5,157 25 5,132 20,528 6,454 1,026 5,428 529 Royalties 31,709 23,888 7,821 33 73,966 62,473 11,493 18 Captisol 6,255 8,608 (2,353) (27) 22,967 24,450 (1,483) (6) Contract revenue and other income 13,848 372 13,476 3,623 27,388 16,290 11,098 68 Total revenue and other income 51,812 32,868 18,944 58 124,321 103,213 21,108 20 
 
 Q3 2024 vs. Q3 2023 
 Total revenue and other income increased by 18.9 million, or 58 , to 51.8 million in Q3 2024 compared to 32.9 million in Q3 2023. Royalties increased by 7.8 million, or 33 , to 31.7 million in Q3 2024 compared to 23.9 million in Q3 2023, primarily due to income from QARZIBA financial royalty asset acquired in Q324 and an increase in FILSPARI sales. Captisol sales decreased by 2.4 million, or 27 , to 6.3 million in Q3 2024 compared to 8.6 million in Q3 2023, primarily due to the timing of customer orders. Contract revenue and other income increased by 13.5 million, or 3,623 , to 13.8 million in Q3 2024 compared to 0.4 million in Q3 2023, primarily due to a commercial milestone tied to Verona's Ohtuvayre in Q3 2024. 
 YTD 2024 vs. YTD 2023 
 Total revenue and other income increased by 21.1 million, or 20 , to 124.3 million in YTD 2024 compared to 103.2 million in YTD 2023. Royalties increased by 11.5 million, or 18 , to 74.0 million in YTD 2024 compared to 62.5 million in YTD 2023, primarily due to income from QARZIBA financial royalty asset acquired in Q324 and an increase in FILSPARI sales. Captisol sales decreased by 1.5 million, or 6 , to 23.0 million in YTD 2024 compared to 24.5 million in YTD 2023, primarily due to the timing of customer orders. Contract revenue and other income increased by 11.1 million, or 68 , to 27.4 million in YTD 2024 compared to 16.3 million in YTD 2023, primarily due to a commercial milestone tied to Verona's Ohtuvayre in Q3 2024. 
 Revenue from intangible royalty assets is a function of our partners product sales and the applicable royalty rate. Kyprolis royalty rates are under a tiered royalty rate structure with the highest tier being 3 . Evomela has a fixed royalty rate of 20 . Teriparatide injection has a tiered royalty between 25 and 40 on sales that have been adjusted for certain deductible items as defined in the respective license agreement. The Rylaze and Vaxneuvance royalty rates are in the low single digits. Filspari has a fixed royalty rate of 9 . 
 The following table represents revenue from intangible royalty assets by program (in millions): 
 (in millions) Q3 2024 Estimated Partner Product Sales Effective Royalty Rate Q3 2024 Royalty Revenue Q3 2023 Estimated Partner Product Sales Effective Royalty Rate Q3 2023 Royalty Revenue Kyprolis 405.4 2.9 11.6 375.9 2.8 10.5 Evomela 8.5 20.0 1.7 12.5 20.0 2.5 Teriparatide injection (a) 
 8.6 27.9 2.4 11.0 25.5 2.8 Rylaze 98.8 3.9 3.9 104.9 3.5 3.7 Filspari 35.6 9.0 3.2 12.2 9.0 1.1 Vaxneuvance 239.0 0.6 1.5 214.0 0.6 1.3 Other 145.9 1.6 2.3 75.2 2.7 2.0 Total 941.8 26.6 805.7 23.9 
 
 34 

(in millions) YTD 2024 Estimated Partner Product Sales Effective Royalty Rate YTD 2024 Royalty Revenue YTD 2023 Estimated Partner Product Sales Effective Royalty Rate YTD 2023 Royalty Revenue Kyprolis 1,213.7 2.2 27.2 1,123.3 2.2 24.9 Evomela 29.5 20.0 5.9 37.0 20.0 7.4 Teriparatide injection (a) 
 24.3 26.7 6.5 34.2 28.9 9.9 Rylaze 309.4 3.3 10.1 292.5 3.2 9.3 Filspari 82.2 9.0 7.4 18.9 9.0 1.7 Vaxneuvance 636.9 0.6 4.0 482.4 0.6 3.0 Other 322.5 2.0 6.4 210.1 2.5 5.3 Total 2,618.5 67.5 2,198.4 61.5 
 (a) We receive tiered profit sharing of 25 on quarterly profits less than 3.75 million, 35 on quarterly profits greater than 3.75 million but less than 7.5 million and 40 on quarterly profits greater than 7.5 million. 
 Contract revenue includes service revenue, license fees and development, regulatory and sales based milestone payments. 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 (Dollars in thousands) Q3 2024 of Revenue Q3 2023 of Revenue YTD 2024 of Revenue YTD 2023 of Revenue Cost of Captisol 2,449 3,485 8,237 8,871 Amortization of intangibles 8,258 8,238 24,701 25,316 Research and development 5,675 5,532 17,000 19,049 General and administrative 24,475 14,656 53,049 36,798 Financial royalty assets impairment 26,491 Fair value adjustments to partner program derivatives 7,812 7,812 Total operating costs and expenses 48,669 94 31,911 97 137,290 110 90,034 87 
 
 Q3 2024 vs. Q3 2023 
 Total operating costs and expenses increased by 16.8 million, or 53 , to 48.7 million in Q3 2024 compared to 31.9 million in Q3 2023, primarily due to the fair value adjustment to partner program derivatives and a Q3 2024 stock compensation award modification. 
 Cost of Captisol decreased by 1.0 million, or 30 , to 2.4 million in Q3 2024 compared to 3.5 million in Q3 2023, with the decrease primarily due to the lower Captisol sales this quarter. 
 Amortization of intangibles remained steady at 8.3 million in Q3 2024 compared to 8.2 million in Q3 2023. 
 At any one time, we are working on multiple R D programs. As such, we generally do not track our R D expenses on a specific program basis. Research and development expense was 5.7 million for Q3 2024, compared with 5.5 million for Q3 2023. 
 General and administrative expense was 24.5 million for Q3 2024, compared to 14.7 million for Q3 2023, with the increase primarily due to a one-time stock compensation expense associated with the anticipated departure of our former President and COO and an increase in G A expenses related to the acquisition of Novan (Pelthos) in September 2023. 
 Fair value adjustment to partner program derivatives was 7.8 million for Q3 2024 primarily due to certain Agenus partners discontinuing development of their partnered programs. These programs may be relicensed at a later date, and Ligand would retain its economic interest upon any relicense activity. 
 YTD 2024 vs. YTD 2023 
 Total operating costs and expenses increased by 47.3 million, or 52 , to 137.3 million in YTD 2024 compared to 90.0 million in YTD 2023, primarily due to the increase in financial royalty asset impairment of 26.5 million, the stock compensation award modifications, and the fair value adjustment to partner program derivatives. 
 Cost of Captisol decreased by 0.6 million, or 7 , to 8.2 million in YTD 2024 compared to 8.9 million in YTD 2023, with the decrease primarily due to the lower Captisol sales in YTD 2024. 
 35 

Amortization of intangibles decreased slightly by 0.6 million, or 2 , to 24.7 million in YTD 2024 compared to 25.3 million in YTD 2023. 
 At any one time, we are working on multiple R D programs. As such, we generally do not track our R D expenses on a specific program basis. Research and development expense was 17.0 million for YTD 2024, compared with 19.0 million for YTD 2023, with the decrease primarily due to the sale of the Pelican business in September 2023, partially offset by the increase in R D expenses related to the acquisition of Novan (Pelthos) in September 2023. 
 General and administrative expense was 53.0 million for YTD 2024, compared to 36.8 million for YTD 2023, with the increase primarily due to a one-time stock compensation expense associated with the anticipated departure of our former President and COO and an increase in G A expenses related to the acquisition of Novan (Pelthos) in September 2023. 
 Financial royalty asset impairment was 26.5 million for YTD 2024 primarily due to the impairment loss related to Takeda's soticlestat missing its phase 3 clinical trial primary endpoint of reducing the frequency of convulsive seizures for patients with Dravet Syndrome. 
 Fair value adjustment to partner program derivatives was 7.8 million for YTD 2024 primarily due to certain Agenus partners discontinuing development of their partnered programs. These programs may be relicensed at a later date, and Ligand would retain its economic interest upon any relicense activity. 
 
 Gain on Sale of Pelican 
 The gain on sale of Pelican in amount of 2.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 represents the excess of the fair value of 1) our investments in Primrose Bio and other economic rights; and 2) the carrying amount of Pelican business assets and liabilities together with allocated goodwill as of September 18, 2023, the date of sale; and 3) 15 million cash consideration paid. 
 Non-operating Income and Expenses 
 (Dollars in thousands) Q3 2024 Q3 2023 Change YTD 2024 YTD 2023 Change Gain (loss) from short-term investments 2,407 (13,184) 15,591 98,923 30,340 68,583 Interest income 1,347 2,263 (916) 6,124 6,018 106 Interest expense (741) (1) (740) (2,154) (525) (1,629) Other non-operating expense, net 
 (12,495) (4,300) (8,195) (48,206) (4,570) (43,636) Total non-operating income and expenses, net (9,482) (15,222) 5,740 54,687 31,263 23,424 
 
 Q3 2024 vs. Q3 2023 
 The fluctuation in the gain (loss) from short-term investments is primarily driven by the changes in the fair value of our ownership in Viking common stock, the collar arrangement we executed in Q2 2024 to hedge against the fluctuation in Viking's share price, and other equity security investments. The gain from short-term investments was 2.4 million in Q3 2024 as compared to the loss from short-term investments of 13.2 million in Q3 2023. In Q3 2024, we recorded an unrealized gain on Viking shares of 10.3 million compared to an unrealized loss of 11.5 million in Q3 2023. In Q3 2024, the fair value adjustment to the collar agreement was a loss of 7.9 million. We did not have a comparable collar agreement in Q3 2023. 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on our short-term investments. The decrease over the prior year was due to the decrease in average investment balances in Q3 2024 compared to Q3 2023. 
 In Q3 2024, interest expense consists primarily of a royalty and milestone payments purchase agreement, entered by Novan (Pelthos) in 2019, and assumed as part of the acquisition in September 2023. The increase in interest expense in Q3 2024 was primarily driven by the 0.5 million interest expense related to the Novan (Pelthos) royalty and milestone payments purchase agreement. 
 Other non-operating expense, net, primarily consists of mark-to-market adjustments on derivatives (other than the collar arrangement and the partner program derivatives) and CVRs. Other non-operating expense, net, in Q3 2024 increased by 8.2 million as compared to Q3 2023, primarily due to the loss from change in fair value of derivative assets in Q3 2024. 
 YTD 2024 vs. YTD 2023 
 36 

The fluctuation in the gain (loss) from short-term investments is primarily driven by the changes in the fair value of our ownership in Viking common stock, the collar arrangement we executed in Q2 2024 to hedge against the fluctuation in Viking's share price, and other equity security investments. The gain from short-term investments was 98.9 million in YTD 2024 as compared to 30.3 million in YTD 2023. In YTD 2024, we recorded a realized gain on the sales of Viking shares of 60.0 million compared to 37.2 million in YTD 2023. Additionally, we recorded an unrealized gain on Viking shares of 32.1 million in YTD 2024 compared to an unrealized loss of 6.3 million in YTD 2023. In YTD 2024, the fair value adjustment to the collar agreement was a net gain of 7.3 million. We did not have a comparable collar agreement in YTD 2023. 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on our short-term investments. 
 Interest expense consists primarily of the 0.75 coupon cash interest expense and the non-cash accretion of discount (including the amortization of debt issuance cost) on our 2023 Notes along with a royalty and milestone payments purchase agreement, entered by Novan (Pelthos) in 2019, and assumed as part of the acquisition in September 2023. In May 2023, the 2023 Notes matured and we repaid the remaining 76.9 million principal amount upon maturity of the 2023 Notes and 0.3 million accrued interest in cash. The increase in interest expense in YTD 2024 was primarily driven by the 1.6 million interest expense related to the Novan (Pelthos) royalty and milestone payments purchase agreement. 
 Other non-operating expense, net, primarily consists of fair value adjustments to Primrose Bio investments, equity method loss related to Primrose Bio, and mark-to-market adjustments on derivatives (other than the collar arrangement and the partner program derivatives) and CVRs. Other non-operating expense, net, in YTD 2024 increased by 43.6 million as compared to YTD 2023, primarily due to the revaluation of Primrose investments, the equity method loss related to Primrose Bio, and the loss from change in fair value of derivative assets in YTD 2024. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 (Dollars in thousands) Q3 2024 Q3 2023 Change YTD 2024 YTD 2023 Change Loss (income) before income taxes 
 (6,339) (12,144) 5,805 41,718 46,563 (4,845) Income tax benefit (expense) 
 (833) 1,871 (2,704) (14,662) (10,932) (3,730) Loss (income) from operations 
 (7,172) (10,273) 3,101 27,056 35,631 (8,575) Effective tax rate (13.1) 15.4 35.1 23.5 
 
 We compute our income tax provision by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to income from operations and adding the effects of any discrete income tax items specific to the period. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was (13.1) and 15.4 , respectively. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 35.1 and 23.5 , respectively. The variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to section162(m) limitation on deduction for officer compensation, other non-deductible items, and income from foreign operations, which were partially offset by the foreign derived intangible income deduction. The variance from the U.S. federal tax rate of 21 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) limitation on deduction for officer compensation, non-deductible incentive stock option (ISO) related stock compensation expense, which were partially offset by foreign derived intangible income tax benefit during the period. 
 Net Loss from Discontinued Operations 
 Net loss from discontinued operations for Q3 2024 and Q3 2023 was zero. Net loss from discontinued operations for YTD 2024 and YTD 2023 was zero and 1.7 million, respectively. See additional information in Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 5, Spin-off of OmniAb . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled 219.6 million, which increased by 49.3 million from the end of last year due to factors described in the Cash Flow Summary below. Our primary source of liquidity, other than our holdings of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, has been cash flows from operations. Our ability to generate cash from operations provides us with the financial flexibility we need to meet operating, investing, and financing needs. 
 Historically, we have liquidated our short-term investments and/or issued debt and equity securities to finance our business needs as a supplement to cash provided by operating activities. Our short-term investments include U.S. government debt securities, investment-grade corporate debt securities, bond funds and certificates of deposit. We have established guidelines relative to diversification and maturities of our investments in order to provide both safety and liquidity. These guidelines are periodically reviewed and modified to take advantage of trends in yields and interest rates. Additionally, we own 
 37 

certain securities which are classified as short-term investments that we received as a result of a milestone and an upfront license payment as well as 1.0 million shares of common stock in Viking. 
 On September 30, 2022, we entered into an At-The-Market Equity Offering Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated (the Agent ), under which we may, from time to time, sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 100 million in at the market offerings through the Agent. Sales of the shares of common stock, if any, will be made at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, or as otherwise agreed with the Agent. Shares of our common stock may be issued and sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement under the registration statement on Form S-3 we filed on September 30, 2022. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued 334,325 shares of common stock in the ATM Offering, generating proceeds of 34.3 million, net of commissions and other transaction costs. 
 Our Board has approved a stock repurchase program authorizing, but not requiring, the repurchase of up to 50 million of our common stock from time to time through April 2026. We expect to acquire shares, if at all, primarily through open-market transactions in accordance with all applicable requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The timing and amount of repurchase transactions will be determined by management based on our evaluation of market conditions, share price, legal requirements and other factors. Authorization to repurchase 50 million of our common stock remained available as of September 30, 2024. 
 On October 12, 2023, we entered into the 75 million Revolving Credit Facility, under which the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer (each as defined in the Credit Agreement) agreed to make loans and other financial accommodations to us in an aggregate amount of up to 75 million. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility accrue interest at a rate equal to either Term SOFR Rate or a specified base rate plus an applicable margin linked to our leverage ratio, ranging from 1.75 to 2.50 per annum for Term SOFR Rate loans and 0.75 to 1.50 per annum for base rate loans. The Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee payable on the unused Revolving Credit Facility commitments ranging from 0.30 to 0.45 , depending on our leverage ratio. During the term of the Revolving Credit Facility, we may borrow, repay and re-borrow amounts available under the Revolving Credit Facility, subject to voluntary reductions of the swing line, letter of credit and revolving credit commitments. 
 On July 8, 2024, we entered into the first Amendment to the Revolving Credit Facility which amends the Credit Agreement to, among other things, increase the aggregate revolving credit facility amount from 75 million to 125 million. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are secured by certain of our collateral and that of the Guarantors. In specified circumstances, additional guarantors are required to be added. The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including certain financial maintenance covenants, and events of default applicable to us. In the event of violation of the representations, warranties and covenants made in the Credit Agreement, we may not be able to utilize the Revolving Credit Facility or repayment of amounts owed thereunder could be accelerated. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 124.4 million in available borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility, after utilizing 0.6 million for letter of credit. The maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility is October 12, 2026. 
 We believe that our existing funds, cash generated from operations and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to fund our need for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, continued advancement of research and development efforts, potential stock repurchases and other business initiatives we plan to strategically pursue, including acquisitions and strategic investments. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 4.0 million in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities associated with prior acquisitions to be settled in future periods. 
 
 Cash Flow Summary (Dollars in thousands) YTD 2024 YTD 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 68,576 41,512 Investing activities (105,041) (1,398) Financing activities 76,753 (65,262) 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated cash from operations primarily due to net income. We used cash in investing activities primarily for Apeiron acquisition, Agenus acquisition, and purchases of short-term investments, financial royalty assets and Palvella notes receivable, partially offset by cash from sale and maturity of short-term investments including Viking shares. We generated cash from financing activities primarily due to net proceeds from the sales of shares of common stock in the ATM Offering, and net proceeds from stock options exercises and ESPP. 
 38 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we generated cash from operations primarily due to net income. We used cash in investing activities primarily for Novan acquisition and investment in Primrose Bio, partially offset by cash from sale and maturity of short-term investments including Viking shares. We used cash in financing activities primarily for repayment of the 2023 Notes upon maturity, partially offset by net proceeds from stock options exercises and ESPP. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Certain of our policies require the application of management judgment in making estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and the disclosures made in the accompanying notes. Those estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors deemed applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. The use of judgment in determining such estimates and assumptions is by nature, subject to a degree of uncertainty. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from the estimates made. There have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates described in our 2023 Annual Report. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 There were no material changes to our market risks in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the disclosures in Item 7A of our 2023 Annual Report. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024 were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 On October 31, 2019, we received three civil complaints filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio on behalf of several Indian tribes. The Northern District of Ohio is the Court that the Judicial Panel on Multi-District Litigation (JPML) has assigned more than one thousand civil cases which have been designated as a Multi-District Litigation (MDL) and captioned In Re: National Prescription Opiate Litigation. The allegations in these complaints focus on the activities of defendants other than us and no individualized factual allegations have been advanced against us in any of the three filed complaints. We reject all claims raised in the complaints and intend to vigorously defend against these matters. 
 On August 22, 2024, CyDex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed a Verified Complaint in the Delaware Court of Chancery against Bexson Biomedical, Inc. (Bexson), asserting claims for declaratory relief and breach of contract arising out of a Captisol In Vivo Agreement (In Vivo Agreement) between the parties, pursuant to which CyDex provided Bexson with research-grade Captisol and related confidential and proprietary information for a potential new formulation of ketamine being developed by Bexson. CyDex alleges that Bexson breached its obligations under the In Vivo Agreement, including by misusing confidential information and materials provided by CyDex and by using CyDex s confidential information and materials to file patent applications that purport to cover formulations that are not ketamine. CyDex also asserts that Bexson failed to return and destroy Cydex s confidential information and materials as required by the Agreement. CyDex seeks relief including specific performance of certain co-ownership provisions of the Agreement and disgorgement from Bexson for any benefits obtained in violation of the In Vivo Agreement. On September 27, 2024, Bexson moved to dismiss the Verified Complaint. 
 39 

From time to time, we may also become subject to other legal proceedings or claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We currently believe that none of the claims or actions pending against us is likely to have, individually or in aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Given the unpredictability inherent in litigation, however, we cannot predict the outcome of these matters. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We do not believe that there have been any material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our 2023 Annual Report. The risk factors described in our 2023 Annual Report are not the only risks we face. Factors we currently do not know, factors that we currently consider immaterial or factors that are not specific to us, such as general economic and political conditions, may also materially adversely affect our business or our consolidated operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 From time to time, our officers (as defined in Rule 16a 1(f) of the Exchange Act) and directors may enter into Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as each such term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our officers or directors or any such trading arrangements. 
 40 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Form 
 File Number 
 Date of Filing 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 2.1 
 Agreement on the Acquisition of Stocks in Apeiron Biologics AG entered on July 8, 2024, between Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and the sellers. 10-Q 001-33093 8/07/2024 2.1 3.1 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company 8-K 001-33093 4/19/2024 3.1 10.1 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2024, among Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, certain of its subsidiaries, as Guarantors, the Lenders, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer. 10-Q 001-33093 8/07/2024 10.1 10.2 
 Severance Agreement and General Release dated as of August 2, 2024, between Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and Mr. Korenberg. 
 X 31.1 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer, Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer, Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 
 Certifications by Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 101 
 The following financial information from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Condensed Statement of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Condensed Statements of Stockholders' Equity, (v) Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 X 104 
 The cover page from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 X 

These certifications are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
 
 Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted because they are both not material and are the type that Ligand treats as private or confidential. 
 41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Octavio Espinoza Octavio Espinoza Chief Financial Officer Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 42 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 exhibit102-severanceagreem.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 

SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 

THIS SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (hereinafter this AGREEMENT is made effective as of the 2nd day of August, 2024 by and between Matthew Korenberg (hereinafter Korenberg and LIGAND PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED (hereinafter LIGAND and inures to the benefit of each of LIGAND s parents, subsidiaries, related entities, predecessors, successors, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, employees and assigns. 
 
 RECITALS 

A. Korenberg was for a period of time an employee of LIGAND. 
 
 B. Korenberg wishes for his employment with LIGAND to terminate effective upon the earlier of (i) October 31, 2024 and (ii) such date that Korenberg informs LIGAND in writing will be his final day of employment with LIGAND (the Termination Date 
 
 C. Korenberg and LIGAND wish permanently to resolve any and all disputes arising out of the termination of Korenberg s employment with LIGAND. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the execution of this AGREEMENT and the mutual covenants contained in the following paragraphs, LIGAND and Korenberg agree as follows 
 
 1. LIGAND agrees to pay Korenberg his regular base salary and to continue to maintain Korenberg s participation in LIGAND s medical and dental plans through the Termination Date. 
 
 2. Subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date (as defined below), on or before the Termination Date, LIGAND and Korenberg will enter into the consulting agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 
 3. On the Termination Date, LIGAND shall issue to Korenberg his final paycheck, reflecting (i) Korenberg s fully earned but unpaid base salary, through the Termination Date at the rate then in effect, (ii) all accrued, unused paid time off or vacation due Korenberg through the Termination Date, (iii) Korenberg s regular base salary for the period between the Termination Date and October 31, 2024, and (iv) 50 of his 2024 target bonus. Korenberg acknowledges that, with his final paycheck, he has been paid for all of his compensation, bonuses, commissions, expense reimbursements, paid time off or vacation, or other 
 Page 1 of 8 

Exhibit 10.2 

 compensation he earned or was due during his employment by LIGAND. Korenberg understands and acknowledges that he is will not be eligible to receive any severance benefits from LIGAND. For the avoidance of doubt, any consulting fees owed to Korenberg will be paid through standard procedures for the period from October 31, 2024 through the Consulting End Date. 
 
 4. Subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date, LIGAND agrees to pay Korenberg on the Termination Date, a one-time payment of the product of 3,639.18 multiplied by the number of full months remaining between the Termination Date and December 31, 2024 less applicable withholding taxes to cover the cost of COBRA for the remainder of 2024. Pursuant to the terms of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA ), continued participation shall be at Korenberg s expense. Nothing herein shall limit the right of LIGAND to change the provider and or the terms of its group health insurance plan at any time hereafter. 
 
 5. Subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date, vesting of all stock awards currently held by Korenberg shall continue through the Consulting End Date. Subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date, provided that Korenberg does not voluntarily terminate the consulting agreement prior to December 31, 2024, on the Consulting End Date LIGAND will accelerate the vesting of all stock awards currently held by Korenberg which would have vested through December 31, 2025 but for the termination of his employment, and Korenberg shall have the ability exercise any stock awards through March 1, 2026. For the avoidance of doubt, the two Performance Stock Unit awards that have measuring periods ending 12 31 2024 will be vested and delivered at the performance level deemed achieved by the Human Capital and Compensation Committee for all holders of the Performance Stock Unit. All other Performance Stock Units will be vested and delivered at target payout. 
 
 6. Korenberg for himself his heirs, executors, administrators, assigns and successors, fully and forever releases and discharges LIGAND and each of its present and former parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, benefit plans, benefit plan fiduciaries, predecessors, successors, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, employees and assigns, with respect to any and all claims, liabilities and causes of action, of every nature, kind and description, in law, equity or otherwise, which heretofore have existed or now exist, including, without limitation, any and all claims, liabilities and causes of action arising out of or relating to Korenberg s employment with LIGAND or the termination of that employment. 
 
 7. Korenberg understands and agrees that he is waiving any and all rights he may have had, now has, or in the future may have, to pursue any and all remedies available to his under any employment-related causes of action, including without limitation, claims of wrongful discharge, breach of contract, breach of the 
 Page 2 of 8 

Exhibit 10.2 

 covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, violation of public policy, defamation, discrimination, physical injury, emotional distress, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Federal Rehabilitation Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and any other federal, state or local laws and regulations relating to employment and or employment discrimination. 
 Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, Korenberg does not release any claims that cannot be released under applicable law, including the following (i) claims for unemployment compensation or any state disability insurance benefits pursuant to the terms of applicable state law (ii) claims for workers compensation insurance benefits under the terms of any worker s compensation insurance policy or fund of LIGAND (iii) claims pursuant to the terms and conditions of the federal law known as COBRA (iv) claims for indemnity under the bylaws of LIGAND, as provided for by California law (including California Labor Code Section 2802) or under any applicable insurance policy with respect to Korenberg s liability as an employee of LIGAND (v) Korenberg s right to bring to the attention of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing claims or any other federal, state or local government agency of discrimination, harassment, retaliation or failure to accommodate, or from participating in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any other federal, state or local government agency provided , however , that Korenberg does release his right to secure any damages for any such alleged treatment and (vi) Korenberg s right to communicate or cooperate with any government agency. 
 8. Korenberg promises and agrees that he will never sue LIGAND or otherwise institute or participate in any legal or administrative proceedings against LIGAND with respect to Korenberg employment with LIGAND or the termination of that employment, unless Korenberg is compelled by legal process to do so. 
 9. Korenberg expressly waives any and all rights and benefits conferred upon his by statute, if any, to the effect that general releases do not extend to unsuspected claims, including statutory language similar to Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which states as follows 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR his FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN 
 BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED 
 PARTY. 
 Page 3 of 8 

Exhibit 10.2 

10. Korenberg expressly agrees and understands that the Release given by his pursuant to this AGREEMENT applies to all unknown, unsuspected and unanticipated claims, liabilities and causes of action which he may have against LIGAND. 
 
 11. Korenberg promises and agrees that, unless compelled by legal process, he will not disclose to others and will keep confidential both the fact and the terms of this settlement, including the amounts referred to in this AGREEMENT, except that he may disclose this information to his spouse and to his attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors to whom the disclosure is necessary to accomplish the purposes for which Korenberg has consulted such professional advisors. Korenberg expressly promises and agrees that, unless compelled by legal process, he will not disclose to any present or former employees of LIGAND the facts or the terms of this settlement. 
 12. Korenberg acknowledges that due to the position he has occupied and the responsibilities he has had at LIGAND, he has received confidential information concerning LIGAND s products, procedures, customers, sales, prices, contracts, and the like. Korenberg hereby promises and agrees that, unless compelled by legal process, he will not disclose to others and will keep confidential all information he has received while employed by LIGAND concerning LIGAND s products and procedures, the identities of LIGAND s customers, LIGAND s sales, LIGAND s prices, the terms of any of LIGAND s contracts with third parties, and the like. Korenberg acknowledges that Korenberg continues to be bound by the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement (the PIIA attached hereto as Exhibit B, in accordance with the terms thereof, which is incorporated herein by reference. Korenberg agrees that his obligations under the PIIA shall survive any termination of his employment or services to LIGAND. 
 13. Korenberg agrees that Korenberg shall not disparage or otherwise communicate negative statements or opinions about LIGAND or its affiliates, the members of its board of directors, or their respective officers, employees, shareholders or agents. LIGAND agrees that it shall not, and it shall instruct its officers and the members of its board of directors not to disparage or otherwise communicate negative statements or opinions about Korenberg. Nothing in this Section 13 shall have application to any evidence or testimony required by any court, arbitrator or government agency. 
 14. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this AGREEMENT or the PIIA, (i) Korenberg will not be prevented from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any United States governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or 
 Page 4 of 8 

Exhibit 10.2 

 regulation (including the right to receive an award for information provided to any such government agencies), and (ii) Korenberg acknowledges that he will not be held criminally or civilly liable for (A) the disclosure of confidential or proprietary information that is made in confidence to a government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (B) disclosure of confidential or proprietary information that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding under seal or pursuant to court order. 
 15. Korenberg shall, promptly upon LIGAND s request, surrender to LIGAND all company equipment, lists, books and records of, or in connection with, LIGAND s business, and all other property belonging to LIGAND, it being distinctly understood that all such equipment, lists, books and records, and other documents, are the property of LIGAND and shall be returned with all stored data and files intact. 
 
 16. Korenberg acknowledges and agrees that no promises or representations were made to his which do not appear written herein and that this AGREEMENT contains the entire agreement of the parties on the subject matter thereof. 
 17. Korenberg hereby acknowledges that he has read and understands this AGREEMENT and that he signs this AGREEMENT voluntarily and without coercion. Korenberg further acknowledges that he has been encouraged by LIGAND to obtain independent legal advice regarding the matters contained in this AGREEMENT. Korenberg further acknowledges that the waivers he has made in this AGREEMENT are knowing, conscious and voluntary and are made with full appreciation that he is forever foreclosed from pursuing any of the rights so waived. 
 18. Korenberg acknowledges that Korenberg was provided with this AGREEMENT on July 19, 2024 Korenberg acknowledges that Korenberg has been provided at least twenty-one (21) days time in which to consider this AGREEMENT after LIGAND s delivery of such Agreement to Korenberg. further acknowledges that LIGAND has advised Korenberg that he is waiving all rights under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, and that he should consult with an attorney of Korenberg s choice before signing this AGREEMENT, and Korenberg has had sufficient time to consider the terms of this AGREEMENT. Korenberg represents and acknowledges that if he executes this AGREEMENT before twenty-one (21) days have elapsed, he does so knowingly, voluntarily, and upon the advice and with the approval of Korenberg s legal counsel (if any), and that he voluntarily waives any remaining consideration period. Korenberg acknowledges and agrees that any material or immaterial changes to the AGREEMENT shall not extend the foregoing review period. 
 Page 5 of 8 

Exhibit 10.2 

 19. Korenberg understands that after executing this AGREEMENT, he has the right to revoke it within seven (7) days after Korenberg s execution of it. Korenberg understands that this AGREEMENT will not become effective and enforceable unless the seven (7) day revocation period passes and he does not revoke the AGREEMENT in writing. Korenberg understands that this AGREEMENT may not be revoked after the seven (7) day revocation period has passed. Korenberg also understands that any revocation of this AGREEMENT must be made in writing and delivered to the Human Resources department of LIGAND, within the seven (7) day period. 
 20. Korenberg understands that this AGREEMENT shall become effective, irrevocable, and binding upon Korenberg on the eighth (8 th day after Korenberg s execution of it (the Effective Date ), so long as he has executed and provided the AGREEMENT to LIGAND on or before that date, and so long as he has not revoked it within the time period and in the manner specified in Section 19 above. Korenberg further understands that he will not be given any severance benefits. 
 21. The covenants, agreements, representations and warranties contained in or made in this AGREEMENT survive Korenberg s termination of employment or any termination of this AGREEMENT. 
 
 22. In the event any provision of this AGREEMENT is found to be unenforceable by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to allow enforceability of the provision as so limited, it being intended that the parties shall receive the benefit contemplated herein to the fullest extent permitted by law. If a deemed modification is not satisfactory in the judgment of such arbitrator or court, the unenforceable provision shall be deemed deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby. 
 
 23. The headings set forth in this AGREEMENT are for convenience only and shall not be used in interpreting this AGREEMENT. This shall not be construed against either party. 
 
 24. This AGREEMENT is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and the State of California applicable to contracts made and to be performed wholly within such State, and without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. All disputes arising hereunder will be adjudicated in accordance with Section 27 below. 
 
 25. This AGREEMENT, including exhibits, sets forth the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all existing agreements between them concerning such subject matter, including without limitation, any offer letter between Korenberg and LIGAND or any of its subsidiaries. Korenberg expressly acknowledges and agrees that he is not eligible 
 Page 6 of 8 

Exhibit 10.2 

 for any severance or termination benefits under such offer letter, which is hereby terminated. This AGREEMENT may be amended or modified only with the written consent of Korenberg and an authorized representative of LIGAND. No oral waiver, amendment or modification will be effective under any circumstances whatsoever. 
 
 26. This AGREEMENT may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered will be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. This AGREEMENT may be executed and delivered by facsimile or by .pdf file and upon such delivery the facsimile or .pdf signature will be deemed to have the same effect as if the original signature had been delivered to the other party . 
 
 27. Dispute Resolution. 
 (a) In the event of any dispute, claim or controversy based on, arising out of or relating to Korenberg s employment or this AGREEMENT (a Dispute ), the parties shall attempt to resolve the dispute in non-binding mediation in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes (the Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA ). The Rules may be found online at www.aaa.org or will be provided upon request to LIGAND. If the parties are unable to agree upon a mediator, one shall be appointed by the AAA in accordance with its Rules. Each party shall pay the fees of its own attorneys and all other expenses connected with presenting its case. Other costs of the mediation, including the cost of any record or transcripts of the mediation, AAA s administrative fees, the fee of the mediator, and all other fees and costs, shall be borne by LIGAND. If the matter has not been resolved pursuant to the aforesaid mediation procedure within thirty (30) days of the commencement of such procedure, or such other period as the parties agree, either party may submit the dispute to arbitration pursuant to Section 27(b) below. 
 (b) Any Dispute not settled pursuant to Section 27(a) above shall be settled by final and binding arbitration in San Diego, California, before a single neutral arbitrator in accordance with the Rules of the AAA, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Arbitration may be compelled pursuant to the California Arbitration Act (Code of Civil Procedure 1280 et seq .). If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator, one shall be appointed by the AAA in accordance with its Rules. Each party shall pay the fees of its own attorneys, the expenses of its witnesses and all other expenses connected with presenting its case however , Korenberg and LIGAND agree that, to the extent permitted by law, the arbitrator shall award reasonable attorneys fees to the prevailing party. Other costs of the arbitration, including the cost of any record or transcripts of the arbitration, AAA s administrative fees, the fee of the arbitrator, and all other fees and costs, shall be borne by LIGAND. 
 Page 7 of 8 

Exhibit 10.2 

(c) This Section 27 is intended to be the exclusive method for resolving any and all claims by the parties against each other for payment of damages under this AGREEMENT or relating to Korenberg employment provided , however, that Korenberg shall retain the right to file administrative charges with or seek relief through any government agency of competent jurisdiction, and to participate in any government investigation, including but not limited to (i) claims for workers compensation, state disability insurance or unemployment insurance (ii) claims for unpaid wages or waiting time penalties brought before the California Division of Labor Standards Enforcement provided that any appeal from an award or from denial of an award of wages and or waiting time penalties shall be arbitrated pursuant to the terms of this AGREEMENT and (iii) claims for administrative relief from the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and or the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing (or any similar agency in any applicable jurisdiction other than California) provided , further , that, except as otherwise provided by law, Korenberg will not be entitled to obtain any monetary relief through such agencies other than workers compensation benefits or unemployment insurance benefits. Neither this AGREEMENT nor the submission to mediation or arbitration shall limit the parties right to seek provisional relief, including without limitation injunctive relief, in any court of competent jurisdiction pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure 1281.8 or any similar statute of an applicable jurisdiction. Seeking any such relief shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such party s right to compel arbitration. Both Korenberg and LIGAND expressly waive their right to a jury trial. Korenberg further waives his right to pursue claims against LIGAND on a class basis provided , however , that Korenberg does not waive his right, to the extent preserved by law, to pursue representative claims against LIGAND under the California Private Attorney General Act. 
 
 8 2 2024 s Todd Davis 
 Dated ___________________________________________ 
 
 Todd Davis , Chief Executive Officer 
 
 LIGAND PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED 
 
 8 2 2024 s Matthew Korenberg 
 Dated ____________________________________________ 
 Matthew Korenberg 
 
 Page 8 of 8 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 lgnd_93024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Todd C. Davis, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 8, 2024 s Todd C. Davis Todd C. Davis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 lgnd_93024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Octavio Espinoza, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 8, 2024 s Octavio Espinoza Octavio Espinoza Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 lgnd_93024exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Todd C. Davis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Todd C. Davis Todd C. Davis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Octavio Espinoza, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Octavio Espinoza Octavio Espinoza Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required 

by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lgnd-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lgnd-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lgnd-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lgnd-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lgnd-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

