<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1801368_0001801368-24-000087.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8752311</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146984</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1613901</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3223942</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1896711</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1692599</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001801368-24-000087.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108160416
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001801368-24-000087
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MP Materials Corp. / DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001801368
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				844465489
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39277
		FILM NUMBER:		241440433

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 S. PAVILION CENTER DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 844-6111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 S. PAVILION CENTER DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fortress Value Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200128

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001801368-24-000087.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 mp-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mp-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 MP MATERIALS CORP. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 31, 2024, the number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding was . 

MP MATERIALS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 5 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 6 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 38 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 38 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 39 
 Signatures 
 40 
 
 i 

T able of Contents 

 References herein to the Company, MP Materials, we, our, and us, refer to MP Materials Corp. and its subsidiaries. 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (this Form 10-Q ), that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of the words such as estimate, plan, shall, may, project, forecast, intend, expect, anticipate, believe, seek, target, or similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding estimates and forecasts of other financial and performance metrics and projections of market opportunity. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Form 10-Q or our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), and on the current expectations of our management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond our control. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 
 fluctuations and uncertainties related to demand for and pricing of rare earth products; 
 uncertainties regarding the growth of existing and emerging uses for rare earth products and ability to compete with substitutions for such products; 
 the intense competition within the rare earth mining and processing industry; 
 uncertainties relating to our commercial arrangements with Shenghe Resources (Singapore) International Trading Pte. Ltd., an affiliate of Shenghe Resources Holding Co., Ltd., a global rare earth company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange; 
 potential changes in China s political environment and policies; 
 unanticipated costs or delays associated with the ramp-up of our Stage II optimization project; 
 unanticipated costs or delays associated with our Stage III project; 
 risks associated with our intellectual property rights, including uncertainties related to the Company s ability to obtain the intellectual property rights or licenses of intellectual property rights to produce NdFeB magnets and precursor materials; 
 uncertainties related to the Company s ability to produce and supply NdFeB magnets and precursor materials; 
 the ability to convert current commercial discussions with customers for the sale of rare earth oxide and metal products, NdFeB magnets and other products into contracts; 
 potential power shortages and interruptions at the Mountain Pass Rare Earth Mine and Processing Facility; 
 increasing costs or limited access to raw materials that may adversely affect our profitability; 
 fluctuations in transportation costs or disruptions in transportation services; 
 inability to meet individual customer specifications; 
 diminished access to water; 
 regulatory and business risks associated with the Company s investment in VREX Holdco Pte. Ltd.; 
 uncertainty in our estimates of rare earth oxide reserves; 
 risks associated with work stoppages; 
 a shortage of skilled technicians and engineers; 
 loss of key personnel; 
 risks associated with the inherent dangers involved in mining activity and manufacturing of magnet materials; 
 risks associated with events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, climate change, wars or health epidemics or pandemics; 
 risks related to technology systems and security breaches; 
 ability to maintain satisfactory labor relations; 
 ii 

T able of Contents 

 ability to comply with various government regulations that are applicable to our business; 
 ability to maintain our governmental licenses, registrations, permits, and approvals with numerous governmental agencies necessary for us to operate our business; 
 risks relating to extensive and costly environmental regulatory requirements; 
 risks associated with the terms of our Convertible Notes and Capped Call Options (as defined in Note 10 , Debt Obligations ); 
 risks associated with our share repurchase program and whether it will be fully consummated or that our share repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value; and 
 the other factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, included under the headings Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors or as described in our Form 10-K or as described in our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024 (the First Quarter Form 10-Q ), or as described in the other documents and reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 These and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those implied by the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-Q are more fully described within Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Form 10-Q and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Form 10-K and Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our First Quarter Form 10-Q. Such risks are not exhaustive. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 In addition, statements of belief and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us, as applicable, as of the date of this Form 10-Q, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 iii 

T able of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 MP MATERIALS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 
 Short-term investments Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively (including related party) 
 Inventories Government grant receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Inventories 
 Equity method investment Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity 
 Current liabilities Accounts and construction payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Asset retirement obligations Environmental obligations Long-term debt, net Operating lease liabilities 
 Deferred government grant Deferred income taxes Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 13 
 par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding in either period) 
 Common stock par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, and and shares outstanding, as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

T able of Contents 

 MP MATERIALS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Rare earth concentrate (including related party) 
 NdPr oxide and metal (including related party) 
 Other revenue 
 Total revenue Operating costs and expenses: Cost of sales (excluding depreciation, depletion and amortization) (including related party) 
 Selling, general and administrative Depreciation, depletion and amortization Start-up costs 
 Advanced projects and development 
 Other operating costs and expenses 
 Total operating costs and expenses Operating income (loss) 
 ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Gain on early extinguishment of debt 
 Other income, net Income (loss) before income taxes 
 ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share: 
 Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

T able of Contents 

 MP MATERIALS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
 Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities 
 ) Foreign currency translation loss 
 ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

T able of Contents 

 MP MATERIALS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Retained Earnings 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Treasury Stock 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of July 1, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares used to settle payroll tax withholding ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Common stock issued to acquire intangible asset 
 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) Balance as of July 1, 2023 ) Stock-based compensation Shares used to settle payroll tax withholding ) ) ) Common stock issued to acquire intangible asset 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Retained Earnings 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Treasury Stock 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of January 1, 2024 Stock-based compensation Shares used to settle payroll tax withholding ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Common stock issued for services Common stock issued to acquire intangible asset 
 Capped Call Options related to 2030 Notes ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) Balance as of January 1, 2023 Stock-based compensation Shares used to settle payroll tax withholding ) ) ) ) Common stock issued to acquire intangible asset Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

T able of Contents 

 MP MATERIALS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income (loss) 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization Accretion of discount on short-term investments ) ) Gain on early extinguishment of debt ) Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Lower of cost or net realizable value reserve Deferred income taxes ) Other 
 Decrease (increase) in operating assets: Accounts receivable (including related party) ) Inventories ) ) Government grant receivable Prepaid expenses, other current and non-current assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Income taxes payable ) Deferred revenue 
 Deferred government grant Other current and non-current liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing activities: Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) ) Proceeds from sales of short-term investments Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments Proceeds from government awards used for construction Net cash provided by investing activities Financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Payment of debt issuance costs ) Payments to retire long-term debt ) Purchase of capped call options ) Repurchases of common stock ) Principal payments on debt obligations and finance leases ) ) Tax withholding on stock-based awards ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning balance Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ending balance Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, current Restricted cash, non-current Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

T able of Contents 

 MP MATERIALS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 NOTE 1 
 million initial prepayment for magnetic precursor materials. See Note 2 , Significant Accounting Policies, and N ote 14 , Revenue Recognition, for additional details. 
 Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise engaged in business activities, about which separate financial information is available and evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker CODM ), or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company s CODM views the Company s operations and manages the business as reportable segment. 
 The cash flows and profitability of the Company s operations are significantly affected by the market price of rare earth products. The prices of rare earth products are affected by numerous factors beyond the Company s control. The products of the Company are sold globally, with a primary focus in the Asian market due to the refining, metallization, and magnet manufacturing capabilities of the region. Rare earth products are critical inputs in hundreds of existing and emerging clean-tech applications including electric vehicles and wind turbines as well as robotics, drones, and defense applications. 
 Basis of Presentation: 
 
 NOTE 2 
 
 Use of Estimates: 
 Concentration of Risk: 
 6 

T able of Contents 

 and of revenue, respectively. Rare earth concentrate is not quoted on any major commodities market or exchange and demand for rare earth concentrate is currently constrained to a relatively limited number of refiners, a significant majority of which are based in China. Uncertainty exists as to the market price of rare earth oxide REO ), as evidenced by the volatility experienced in 2022 and 2023 primarily due to concerns over the global economic conditions and actual or perceived concerns over increases in the supply of or slower growth in the demand for rare earth products. Furthermore, while revenue is generated in the U.S., Shenghe conducts its primary operations in China and may transport and sell products in the Chinese market. Therefore, the Company s revenue is affected by Shenghe s ultimate realized prices in China, including the impact of changes in the exchange rate between the Chinese yuan and the U.S. dollar. In addition, the ongoing economic conflict between China and the U.S., which has previously resulted in tariffs and trade barriers, may negatively affect the Company s business and results of operations. See Note 19 , Related-Party Transactions, for additional information. 
 Deferred Revenue: See Contract Balances in N ote 14 , Revenue Recognition, for additional information. 
 Investment Tax Credits: See also No te 12 , Income Taxes. 
 Capped Call Options: 
 See Note 10 , Debt Obligations, for additional information. 
 Treasury Stock: As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the excise tax liability was million and was included in Accrued liabilities within the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. There was outstanding excise tax liability balance as of December 31, 2023. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements: 
 7 

T able of Contents 

 Reclassifications: 
 
 NOTE 3 
 Cash equivalents: Money market funds U.S. Treasury securities Commercial paper 
 Certificates of deposit 
 Municipal securities 
 Total cash equivalents Total cash and equivalents Short-term investments: U.S. agency securities ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Commercial paper 
 Total short-term investments ) ) Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments ) ) 
 The Company does not intend to sell, nor is it more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell any investments in unrealized loss positions before recovery of their amortized cost basis. The Company did not recognize any credit losses related to its available-for-sale investments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The unrealized losses on the Company s available-for-sale investments were primarily due to unfavorable changes in interest rates subsequent to initial purchase. None of the available-for-sale investments held as of September 30, 2024, were in a continuous unrealized loss position for greater than 12 months and the unrealized losses and the related risk of expected credit losses were not material. 
 Gross realized losses Interest and investment income (1) 
 
 (1) Includes interest and investment income on the Company s available-for-sale securities and other money market funds. 
 As of September 30, 2024, all outstanding available-for-sale investments had contractual maturities within one year and aggregated to a fair value of million. 
 8 

T able of Contents 

 NOTE 4 
 Mined ore stockpiles Work in process 
 Finished goods 
 Total current inventories Add: Non-current portion (2) 
 Total inventories 
 (1) Includes raw materials to support activities pertaining to the Company s rare earth metal, alloy and magnet manufacturing capabilities. 
 (2) Primarily represents stockpiled ore that is not expected to be processed within the next 12 months as well as certain raw materials that are not expected to be consumed within the next 12 months. The stockpiled ore amounts as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were million and million, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined that a lower of cost or net realizable value reserve of million was necessary on certain of the Company s work in process and finished goods inventories, representing a decrease of the reserve of million since June 30, 2024. The reserve is largely attributable to elevated carrying costs of the Company s initial production of separated products given the early stage of ramping the Stage II facilities to normalized production levels. Changes in the reserve are included in Cost of sales (excluding depreciation, depletion and amortization) (including related party) within the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were lower of cost or net realizable value reserves for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 Buildings and building improvements Machinery and equipment Assets under construction Mineral rights Property, plant and equipment, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation and depletion ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Additions to Property, Plant and Equipment: The Company capitalized expenditures related to property, plant and equipment of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, including amounts not yet paid (see Note 20 , Supplemental Cash Flow Information ). The capitalized expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, related primarily to machinery, equipment and assets under construction to support the Company s Fort Worth Facility, as well as various projects at Mountain Pass, including the HREE Facility (as defined in Note 15 , Government Grants ). The capitalized expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, also included assets under construction to support the Company s Stage II optimization project. 
 9 

T able of Contents 

 Depletion expense 
 The Company recognized million and million of demolition costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, which are included in Other operating costs and expenses within the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, incurred in connection with demolishing and removing certain old facilities from the Mountain Pass site that have never been used in the Company s operations. There were property, plant and equipment impairments recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For information on the Company s asset-based government grants, which impact the carrying amount of the Company s property, plant and equipment, see Note 15 , Government Grants. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 million and million, as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and pertains to the Company s equity interest in VREX Holdco Pte. Ltd. VREX Holdco ). VREX Holdco wholly owns Vietnam Rare Earth Company Limited VREX ), which owns and operates a metal processing plant and related facilities in Vietnam. The Company determined that VREX Holdco is a variable interest entity, but that the Company is not the primary beneficiary. Consequently, the Company does not consolidate VREX Holdco, and instead, accounts for its investment in VREX Holdco under the equity method of accounting as it has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over VREX Holdco s operating and financial policies. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million of Company s share of VREX Holdco s net loss, respectively, which was included in Other income, net within the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2024, the tolling fees due to VREX Holdco pursuant to the Tolling Agreement (as defined and discussed in Note 19 , Related-Party Transactions, and capitalized to inventories that are subject to intra-entity profit or loss elimination were immaterial. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company evaluated its equity method investment for impairment to determine if there were any events or changes in circumstances that would indicate if the carrying amount of its investment had experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value. impairment charges were recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 NOTE 7 
 Intangible assets with definite lives: 
 Patent and intellectual property license Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Patent and intellectual property license, net 
 Intangible assets, net 
 
 Amortization expense related to amortizing intangible assets was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. impairment charges were recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 10 

T able of Contents 

 NOTE 8 
 and depending on the timing of expected settlement and when the increment was recognized. There were no significant increments or decrements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 The balance as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, included current portions of million, which are included in Other current liabilities within the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total estimated future undiscounted cash flows required to satisfy the Company s asset retirement obligations were million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Environmental Obligations 
 The Company has certain environmental monitoring and remediation obligations related to the monitoring of groundwater contamination. The Company engaged an environmental consultant to develop a remediation plan and remediation cost projections based upon that plan. Utilizing the consultant s plan, the Company developed an estimate of future cash payments for the environmental obligations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company estimated the cash outflows related to these environmental activities will be incurred annually over the next years. The Company s environmental obligations are measured at the expected value of future cash outflows discounted to their present value using a discount rate of . There were no significant changes in the estimated remaining remediation costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 The total estimated aggregate undiscounted cost of million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, principally related to water monitoring activities required by state and local agencies. Based on the Company s estimate of the cost and timing and the assumption that payments are considered to be fixed and reliably determinable, the Company has discounted the liability. The balance as of both September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, included current portions of million, which are included in Other current liabilities within the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Financial Assurances 
 The Company is required to provide certain government agencies with financial assurances relating to closure and reclamation obligations. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had financial assurance requirements of million and million, respectively, which were satisfied with surety bonds placed with applicable California state and regional agencies. 
 
 NOTE 9 
 Accrued construction costs 
 Accrued taxes 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 Accrued liabilities 
 
 11 

T able of Contents 

 NOTE 10 
 ) ) Convertible Notes due 2030 
 ) Total long-term debt outstanding ) ) 
 Convertible Notes due 2026 
 In March 2021, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible senior notes (the 2026 Notes at a price of par. Interest on the 2026 Notes is payable on April 1 st and October 1 st of each year, beginning on October 1, 2021. 
 Contemporaneous with the pricing of the 2030 Notes (as defined below), the Company entered into privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the 2026 Notes to repurchase million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes, using million of the net proceeds from the offering of the 2030 Notes. The price the Company paid to repurchase the 2026 Notes, of par value, was the same for each lender and approximated the trading price of the 2026 Notes at the time of the repurchases. Subsequent to the issuance of the 2030 Notes, the Company repurchased an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes in open market transactions for million. As a result of these repurchases in the first quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a million gain on early extinguishment of debt included within the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The remaining 2026 Notes outstanding mature, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased, on April 1, 2026. The initial conversion price of the remaining 2026 Notes is approximately per share, or 22.5861 shares per 1,000 principal amount of notes, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. As of September 30, 2024, the maximum number of shares of common stock that could be issued to satisfy the conversion feature of the 2026 Notes was shares of common stock. The 2026 Notes if-converted value did exceed its principal amount as of September 30, 2024. 
 In March 2024, the Company provided a written notice to the trustee and the holders of the 2026 Notes that it has irrevocably elected to fix the settlement method for all conversions that may occur subsequent to the election date, to a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock with the specified dollar amount, per 1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes, of 1,000. As a result, for any conversions of 2026 Notes occurring after the election date, a converting holder will receive (i) up to 1,000 in cash per 1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes and (ii) shares of the Company s common stock for any conversion consideration in excess of 1,000 per 1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes converted. Prior to the election being made, the Company could have elected to settle the 2026 Notes in cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination thereof. 
 Convertible Notes due 2030 
 In March 2024, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible senior notes that mature, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased, on March 1, 2030 (the 2030 Notes and, together with the 2026 Notes, the Convertible Notes ), at a price of par. Interest on the 2030 Notes is payable on March 1 st and September 1 st of each year, beginning on September 1, 2024. In connection with the issuance, the Company recorded debt issuance costs of million, of which million was settled through the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock (see Note 20 , Supplemental Cash Flow Information ). 
 The 2030 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election, at an initial conversion price of approximately per share, or 45.9939 shares per 1,000 principal amount of 2030 Notes, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. As of September 30, 2024, the maximum number of shares of common stock that could be issued to satisfy the conversion feature of the 2030 Notes was shares of common stock, and the amount by which the 2030 Notes if-converted value exceeded its principal amount was million. 
 12 

T able of Contents 

 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; ii) during the business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the Measurement Period in which the trading price (as defined in the indenture governing the 2030 Notes) per 1,000 principal amount of 2030 Notes for each trading day of the Measurement Period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; iii) if the Company calls any or all of the 2030 Notes for redemption, the notes called for redemption may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events set forth in the indenture governing the 2030 Notes. On or after December 1, 2029, and prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the 2030 Notes, holders may convert their outstanding notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 
 The Company has the option to redeem for cash the 2030 Notes, in whole or in part, beginning on March 5, 2027, if certain conditions are met as set forth in the indenture governing the 2030 Notes. The redemption price is equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 If the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2030 Notes), holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their outstanding 2030 Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date of the 2030 Notes or if the Company delivers a notice of early redemption, holders may, at their election, convert their outstanding 2030 Notes in connection with such event or notice, as applicable, and the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate but not to exceed 64.3915 shares per 1,000 principal amount of any converted 2030 Notes, subject to further adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. 
 Capped Call Options 
 In March 2024, in connection with the offering of the 2030 Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Capped Call Options with certain financial institutions Counterparties ). The Capped Call Options cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those in the 2030 Notes, million shares of the Company s common stock, the same number of shares that initially underlie the 2030 Notes. The Capped Call Options have an expiration date of March 1, 2030, subject to earlier exercise. 
 The Capped Call Options are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon conversion of the 2030 Notes and/or offset cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted 2030 Notes, as the case may be, in the event that the market price per share of the Company s common stock, as measured under the terms of the Capped Call Options, is greater than the strike price of the Capped Call Options, which initially corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2030 Notes, or approximately per share of common stock, with such reduction and/or offset subject to an initial cap of per share of the Company s common stock. 
 The Capped Call Options are separate transactions, entered into by the Company with each of the Counterparties, and are not part of the terms of the 2030 Notes. Holders of the 2030 Notes will not have any rights with respect to the Capped Call Options. The Capped Call Options meet the criteria for classification as equity and, as such, are not remeasured each reporting period. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company paid million for the Capped Call Options, which was recorded as a reduction to APIC within the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets along with the offsetting associated deferred tax impact of million. 
 The Company elected to integrate the Capped Call Options with the 2030 Notes for federal income tax purposes pursuant to applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations. Accordingly, the million gross cost of the purchased Capped Call Options will be deductible for income tax purposes as original discount interest over the term of the 2030 Notes. 
 13 

T able of Contents 

 Amortization of debt issuance costs Convertible Notes interest expense 
 
 The debt issuance costs associated with the 2026 Notes and the 2030 Notes are being amortized to interest expense over the terms of each note at effective interest rates of and , respectively. The remaining term of the 2026 Notes and the 2030 Notes were years and years, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. 
 Equipment Notes 
 The Company has financing agreements for the purchase of certain equipment, including trucks and loaders, graders, and various other machinery. The Company s equipment notes, which are secured by the purchased equipment, have terms of years and interest rates of per annum. 
 Non-current 
 As of September 30, 2024, none of the agreements or indentures governing the Company s indebtedness contain financial covenants. 
 
 NOTE 11 
 right-of-use asset impairment charges were recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 14 

T able of Contents 

 Operating lease liability, current Other current liabilities 
 Operating lease liability, non-current Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: 
 Right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Finance lease liability, current Other current liabilities Finance lease liability, non-current Other non-current liabilities Total finance lease liabilities 
 
 NOTE 12 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company s effective income tax rate can vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, percentage depletion, executive compensation deduction limitations, the Section 45X Advanced Manufacturing Production Credit (the 45X Credit ), and changes to its valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. Certain of these and other factors, including the Company s history and projections of pretax earnings, are considered in assessing its ability to realize its net deferred tax assets. 
 million Section 48C Qualifying Advanced Energy Project Tax Credit (the 48C Credit to advance the construction on its Fort Worth Facility. The 48C Credit is an investment tax credit equal to 30 of qualified investments for certified projects that meet prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements and are placed in service after the date of the award. The 48C Credit is not eligible for direct pay (i.e., it is nonrefundable); however, it is transferable to an unrelated taxpayer at a negotiated rate. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had placed into service certified projects and recognized a million 48C Credit, which was recorded to income tax receivable, included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets, and deferred investment tax credit, included primarily in Other non-current liabilities within the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. This amount will be recognized as a reduction to income tax expense on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the associated long-lived assets. 
 
 NOTE 13 
 15 

T able of Contents 

NOTE 14 
 NdPr oxide and metal Other revenue 
 Total revenue 
 Rare earth concentrate revenue is primarily generated from sales to Shenghe under either the 2022 Offtake Agreement, or starting in January 2024, under the 2024 Offtake Agreement (as such terms are defined in N ote 19 , Related-Party Transactions ). The sales price of rare earth concentrate sold to Shenghe under both agreements is based on a preliminary market price per MT and estimated exchange rate between the Chinese yuan and the U.S. dollar, with an adjustment for the ultimate market price of the product realized by Shenghe upon sales to their customers, including the impact of changes in the exchange rate between the Chinese yuan and the U.S. dollar. 
 NdPr oxide and metal revenue was generated from sales made primarily under the Company s distribution agreement with Sumitomo Corporation of Americas. Other revenue was generated primarily from sales of other refined products, including lanthanum and cerium. 
 Contract Balances: The Company recognizes revenue based on the criteria set forth in ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Given the nature of the Company s contracts with customers, contract assets are not material for any period presented. Furthermore, the amount of revenue recognized in the periods presented from performance obligations that were satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods were not material to any period presented. 
 Contract liabilities, commonly referred to as deferred revenue, represent the Company s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Company has received consideration in advance of such transfer. Deferred revenue decreases as revenue is recognized from the satisfaction of the related performance obligations. In April 2024, pursuant to the long-term agreement with GM, GM prepaid to the Company million for magnetic precursor materials. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not yet satisfied any of the related performance obligations, and as such, the Company classified the million as current deferred revenue in its unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company expects to satisfy the performance obligations within the 12-month period after September 30, 2024. There were no other deferred revenue balances as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 15 
 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received million in reimbursements from the DOD, which was the final reimbursement expected under the TIA. There were reimbursements received for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 In February 2022, the Company was awarded a million contract by the DOD s Office of Industrial Base Analysis and Sustainment program to design and build a facility to process heavy rare earth elements HREE at Mountain Pass (the HREE Facility (the HREE Production Project Agreement ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had received and million, respectively, from the DOD under the HREE Production Project Agreement. 
 Income-Based Grants: In August 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, promotes clean energy adoption by providing several tax incentives for the domestic production and sale of eligible components for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. Specifically, the 45X Credit provides a credit equal to 10 of eligible production costs incurred with respect to the production and sale of critical minerals, including NdPr oxide. In October 2024, the Internal Revenue Service released final regulations on the 45X Credit, which among other things, added 
 16 

T able of Contents 

 million related to the 45X Credit claimed on its 2023 federal tax return. The current portion of deferred government grant, which is included in Other current liabilities, was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the benefits recognized in the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations pertaining to the 45X Credit, which are included as reductions to Cost of sales (excluding depreciation, depletion and amortization) (including related party), were million and million, respectively, and to Depreciation, depletion and amortization, were million and million, respectively. There were benefits recognized from income-based government grants for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 16 
 million of the Company s outstanding common stock. In August 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a million increase to the Program, bringing the total authorized amount to million. The Program was also extended and is effective until August 30, 2026. The authorization does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased million and million shares, respectively, of its common stock at an aggregate cost of million and million, respectively. Of the number of shares repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million were repurchased in March 2024 contemporaneous with the 2030 Notes offering using million of the net proceeds from such offering. The shares repurchased in connection with the 2030 Notes offering were privately negotiated transactions with or through one of the initial purchasers of the 2030 Notes or its affiliate at a price of per share, which was equal to the closing price per share of common stock on the date of such transactions. 
 As of September 30, 2024, million was available for additional share repurchases under the Program. 
 Capped Call Options 
 In March 2024, in connection with the offering of the 2030 Notes, the Company entered into the Capped Call Options with the Counterparties, which cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those in the 2030 Notes, million shares of the Company s common stock, the same number of shares that initially underlie the 2030 Notes. The Capped Call Options meet the criteria for classification as equity and, as such, are not remeasured each reporting period. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company paid million for the Capped Call Options, which was recorded as a reduction to APIC within the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets along with the offsetting associated deferred tax impact of million. See Note 10 , Debt Obligations, for additional information. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 2020 Incentive Plan: In November 2020, the Company s stockholders approved the MP Materials Corp. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Incentive Plan ), which permits the Company to issue stock options (incentive and/or non-qualified); stock appreciation rights SARs restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs and other stock awards (collectively, the Stock Awards and performance awards, which vest contingent upon the attainment of either or a combination of market- or performance-based goals. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not issued any stock options or SARs and there were shares available for future grants under the 2020 Incentive Plan. 
 Market-Based PSUs: In January 2024, pursuant to the 2020 Incentive Plan, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors adopted a performance share plan (the 2024 Performance Share Plan ). Pursuant to the 2024 Performance Share Plan, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted of market-based 
 17 

T able of Contents 

 . The PSUs have the potential to be earned at between and of the number of awards granted depending on the level of growth of the Company s total shareholder return TSR as compared to the TSR of the S P 400 Index and the S P 400 Materials Group over the performance period. The fair value of the market-based PSUs was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation technique. 
 Selling, general and administrative Start-up costs 
 Advanced projects and development 
 Total stock-based compensation expense Stock-based compensation capitalized to property, plant and equipment, net 

NOTE 17 
 18 

T able of Contents 

Short-term investments Restricted cash Financial liabilities: 2026 Notes 
 2030 Notes 
 Equipment notes 
 December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Carrying Amount Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Restricted cash Financial liabilities: 2026 Notes 
 Equipment notes 
 
 NOTE 18 
 19 

T able of Contents 

 Assumed conversion of 2026 Notes 
 Assumed conversion of restricted stock Assumed conversion of RSUs Weighted-average shares outstanding, diluted 
 2030 Notes 
 Restricted Stock 
 RSUs Total) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic Basic earnings (loss) per share 
 ) ) ) Calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per share: 
 Net income (loss) ) ) ) Interest expense, net of tax (1) : 
 2026 Notes (2) 
 Gain on early extinguishment of debt (1)(2)(3) 
 ) Diluted income (loss) 
 ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding, diluted Diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) The nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, were tax-effected at a rate of and , respectively. 
 (2) The 2026 Notes were antidilutive for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Convertible debt becomes antidilutive whenever the combined impact of interest expense and any gains or losses recognized on actual settlements of convertible debt (net of tax) per common share obtainable upon conversion exceeds basic earnings (loss) per share. 
 (3) Pertains to the 2026 Notes, a portion of which were repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2030 Notes, the Company entered into Capped Call Options, which were not included for purposes of calculating the number of diluted shares outstanding, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. The Capped Call Options are expected to partially offset the potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon any conversion of the 2030 Notes. The Company has not exercised any of the Capped Call Options as of September 30, 2024. 
 20 

T able of Contents 

 per share of common stock. 
 
 NOTE 19 
 , with the option to extend the term at the Company s discretion for an additional period. 
 Pursuant to the 2022 Offtake Agreement, and subject to certain exclusions, Shenghe was obligated to purchase on a take or pay basis the rare earth concentrate produced by the Company as the exclusive distributor in China, with certain exceptions for the Company s direct sales globally. In addition, at the discretion of the Company, Shenghe may be required to purchase on a take or pay basis certain non-concentrate rare earth products, although the Company may sell all non-concentrate rare earth products in its sole discretion to customers or end users in any jurisdiction. 
 The sales prices of rare earth concentrate sold to Shenghe were based on a preliminary market price per metric ton, with an adjustment for the ultimate market price of the product realized by Shenghe upon sales to their customers. The sales price and other terms applicable to a quantity of offtake products were set forth in monthly purchase agreements between the Company and Shenghe. Under the 2022 Offtake Agreement, Shenghe was paid a variable commission on net proceeds to the Company. 
 In January 2024, the Company entered into a new offtake agreement with Shenghe (the 2024 Offtake Agreement and, together with the 2022 Offtake Agreement, the Offtake Agreements that replaced and extended the 2022 Offtake Agreement. The initial term of the 2024 Offtake Agreement is , with the option for the Company to extend the term for an additional period. The terms of the 2024 Offtake Agreement are substantially the same as those of the 2022 Offtake Agreement with the exception of the addition of NdPr metal into the definition of non-concentrate rare earth products. 
 Tolling Agreement with VREX Holdco: In October 2023, prior to the Company s investment in VREX Holdco, the Company entered into a tolling agreement with VREX Holdco (the Tolling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Tolling Agreement, the Company delivers NdPr oxide to VREX Holdco, which VREX Holdco then causes VREX to process into NdPr metal for delivery to the Company s customers globally. During the term of the Tolling Agreement, the Company will pay VREX Holdco a processing fee per unit of rare earth metal produced. The Company maintains title to the products and directly enters into sales agreements for the produced NdPr metal. The initial term of the Tolling Agreement is and may be renewed for additional terms. 
 Revenue and Cost of Sales: 
 NdPr oxide and metal Cost of sales (excluding depreciation, depletion and amortization) 
 
 Purchases of Materials and Supplies: The Company purchases certain reagent products (generally produced by an unrelated third-party manufacturer) used in the flotation process as well as other materials from Shenghe in the ordinary course of business. Total purchases were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 
 21 

T able of Contents 

 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Accounts Receivable: As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, of the accounts receivable as stated in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, were receivable from and pertained to sales made to Shenghe in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 NOTE 20 
 Cash payments related to income taxes (1) 
 Change in construction payables and accrued construction costs 
 ) Supplemental non-cash investing and financing activities: Common stock issued to acquire intangible asset 
 Common stock issued in exchange for financial advisory services 
 Operating right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 
 Excise tax obligation related to repurchases of common stock 
 
 (1) The nine months ended September 30, 2024, exclude the receipt of million related to the 45X Credit claimed on the Company s 2023 federal tax return, as the 45X Credit is not within the scope of ASC 740. See Note 15 , Government Grants, for additional information. 
 22 

T able of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Form 10-Q ), and the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 Form 10-K ). This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth under Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Form 10-K. See also Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Business Overview 
 MP Materials Corp., including its subsidiaries we, our, and us ), is the largest producer of rare earth materials in the Western Hemisphere. We own and operate the Mountain Pass Rare Earth Mine and Processing Facility Mountain Pass ), the only rare earth mining and processing site of scale in North America, and are also constructing a rare earth metal, alloy and magnet manufacturing facility in Fort Worth, Texas (the Fort Worth Facility ), where we anticipate manufacturing neodymium-iron-boron NdFeB permanent magnets and its precursor products. 
 We produce rare earth concentrate products as well as refined rare earth oxides and related products. The rare earth concentrate is principally sold pursuant to the Offtake Agreements to Shenghe (as such terms are defined in Note 19 , Related-Party Transactions, in the notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements), that, in turn, typically sells that product to refiners in China. Following the commissioning of our Stage II optimization project Stage II in the second half of 2023, we began producing and selling separated rare earth products, including neodymium-praseodymium NdPr oxide. Additionally, we have a long-term agreement with General Motors Company (NYSE: GM) GM to supply U.S.-sourced and manufactured rare earth materials and finished magnets for the electric motors in more than a dozen GM models. In April 2024, pursuant to the long-term supply agreement with GM, we received a 50.0 million initial prepayment for magnetic precursor materials. See N ote 14 , Revenue Recognition in the notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. These developments are part of our Stage III downstream expansion strategy Stage III ). 
 Certain rare earth elements REE serve as critical inputs for the rare earth magnets inside the electric motors and generators powering carbon-reducing technologies such as hybrid and electric vehicles (referred to collectively as xEVs and wind turbines, as well as drones, defense systems, robotics and many other high-growth, advanced technologies. In addition, rare earth magnets are critical components of various consumer electronics, appliances, and industrial products. Our integrated operations at Mountain Pass combine low production costs with high environmental standards, thereby restoring American leadership to a critical industry with a strong commitment to sustainability. 
 
 Recent Developments and Other Information 
 NdPr Supply Agreement 
 In June 2024, we entered into an NdPr supply agreement with a global automaker, committing to a significant volume of NdPr products. The initial term of the agreement concludes on December 31, 2026, unless the volume commitment is fulfilled earlier. There is an option to extend the term by up to an additional three-year period, subject to mutual agreement. 
 Issuance of 2030 Notes, Capped Call Options, Repurchases of 2026 Notes and Repurchases of Common Stock 
 In March 2024, we issued 747.5 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.00 unsecured convertible senior notes that mature, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased, on March 1, 2030 (the 2030 Notes ). In connection with the offering, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Capped Call Options with certain financial institutions, which cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those in the 2030 Notes, 34.4 million shares of our common stock, the same number of shares that initially underlie the 2030 Notes. 
 Also, in March 2024, principally in connection with the offering of the 2030 Notes, we repurchased (i) 480.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 0.25 unsecured convertible senior notes that mature, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased, on April 1, 2026 (the 2026 Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the Convertible Notes for 428.6 million, and (ii) 13.0 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of 200.8 million. In August 2024, we 
 23 

T able of Contents 

 repurchased an additional 2.2 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of 24.3 million. See the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below for a full discussion of these transactions. 
 2024 Offtake Agreement 
 In January 2024, we entered into a new offtake agreement with Shenghe (the 2024 Offtake Agreement that replaced and extended the offtake agreement entered into in March 2022 with Shenghe (the 2022 Offtake Agreement and, together with the 2024 Offtake Agreement, the Offtake Agreements ). The initial term of the 2024 Offtake Agreement is two years, with the option for us to extend the term for an additional one-year period. The terms of the 2024 Offtake Agreement are substantially the same as those of the 2022 Offtake Agreement with the exception of the addition of NdPr metal into the definition of non-concentrate rare earth products. See Note 19 , Related-Party Transactions, in the notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of the Offtake Agreements. 
 Section 48C Qualifying Advanced Energy Project Tax Credit 
 In March 2024, we were awarded a 58.5 million Section 48C Qualifying Advanced Energy Project Tax Credit (the 48C Credit to advance the construction of our Fort Worth Facility. The 48C Credit is an investment tax credit equal to 30 of qualified investments for certified projects that meet prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements and are placed in service after the date of the award. The allocation of the awards under the 48C Credit was issued by the Internal Revenue Service and Treasury following a competitive, oversubscribed process administered by the Department of Energy that evaluated the technical and commercial viability and environmental and community impact of approximately 250 projects. See N ote 12 , Income Taxes, in the notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 We have historically used and/or currently use the following key performance indicators KPIs to evaluate the performance of our business. However, as our business continues to evolve and transitions from production of rare earth concentrate to production of separated rare earth products, the metrics that management uses to evaluate the business may continue to change or be revised. For example, beginning with the first quarter of 2024, we no longer present Production Cost per rare earth oxide REO equivalent metric ton MT ), which was a metric focused solely on Stage I concentrate operations, as it is no longer meaningful in evaluating and understanding our business or operating results. Our calculations of these KPIs may differ from similar measures published by other companies in our industry or in other industries. The following table presents our KPIs: 
 For the three months ended September 30, Change For the nine months ended September 30, Change (in whole units or dollars, except percentages) 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount Rare earth concentrate REO Production Volume (MTs) 13,742 10,766 2,976 28 33,977 32,300 1,677 5 REO Sales Volume (MTs) 9,729 9,177 552 6 24,900 29,663 (4,763) (16) Realized Price per REO MT 4,425 5,718 (1,293) (23) 4,319 7,152 (2,833) (40) Separated NdPr products NdPr Production Volume (MTs) 
 478 50 428 856 881 50 831 N/M NdPr Sales Volume (MTs) 
 404 404 N/A 
 674 674 N/A 
 NdPr Realized Price per KG 
 47 N/A N/A 
 N/A 
 51 N/A N/A 
 N/A 
 N/M = Not meaningful. 
 N/A = Not applicable as there was no NdPr sales volume in these periods. 
 
 REO Production Volume 
 We measure our REO-equivalent production volume for a given period in MTs, our principal unit of sale for our concentrate product. This measure refers to the REO content contained in the rare earth concentrate we produce and, beginning in the second quarter of 2023, includes volumes fed into downstream circuits for commissioning and starting up our separations facilities and for producing separated rare earth products, a portion of which is also included in our KPI, NdPr Production Volume. Our REO Production Volume is a key indicator of our mining and processing capacity and efficiency. 
 24 

T able of Contents 

 The rare earth concentrate is a processed, concentrated form of our mined rare earth-bearing ores. While our unit of production and sale is a MT of contained REO, the actual weight of our rare earth concentrate is significantly greater, as the concentrate also contains non-REO minerals, loss-on-ignition, and residual moisture from the production process. We target REO content of greater than 60 per dry MT of concentrate (referred to as REO grade ). The elemental distribution of REO in our concentrate is relatively consistent over time and production lot. We consider this the natural distribution, as it reflects the distribution of elements contained, on average, in our ore. 
 REO Sales Volume 
 Our REO Sales Volume for a given period is calculated in MTs. A unit, or MT, is considered sold once we recognize revenue on its sale as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). Our REO Sales Volume is a key measure of our ability to convert our concentrate production into revenue. Our REO Sales Volume includes both traditional concentrate as well as roasted concentrate. 
 Realized Price per REO MT 
 We calculate the Realized Price per REO MT for a given period as the quotient of: (i) our rare earth concentrate sales, which are determined in accordance with GAAP, for a given period and (ii) our REO Sales Volume for the same period. Realized Price per REO MT is an important measure of the market price of our concentrate product. 
 NdPr Production Volume 
 We measure our NdPr Production Volume for a given period in MTs, our principal unit of sale for our NdPr separated products. NdPr Production Volume refers to the volume of finished and packaged NdPr oxide produced at Mountain Pass for a given period. NdPr Production Volume is a key indicator of our separations and finishing capacity and efficiency. 
 NdPr Sales Volume 
 Our NdPr Sales Volume for a given period is calculated in MTs and on an NdPr oxide-equivalent basis (as further discussed below). A unit, or MT, is considered sold once we recognize revenue on its sale, whether sold as NdPr oxide or NdPr metal, as determined in accordance with GAAP. For NdPr metal sales, the MTs sold and included in NdPr Sales Volume are calculated on the basis of the volume of NdPr oxide used to produce such NdPr metal. We utilize an assumed material conversion ratio of 1.20, such that a sale of 100 MTs of NdPr metal would be included in this KPI as 120 MTs of NdPr oxide-equivalent. NdPr Sales Volume is a key measure of our ability to convert our production of separated NdPr products into revenue. 
 We have a mix of contracts with customers where we sell NdPr as (i) oxide, (ii) metal, where the amount of oxide required to produce such metal is variable, and (iii) metal, where we have a guarantee of the amount produced and sold based on the amount of oxide consumed. Among other factors, differences between quarterly NdPr Production Volume and NdPr Sales Volume may be caused by the time required for the conversion of NdPr oxide to NdPr metal, including time in-transit, as well as differences in actual versus assumed yields of oxide to metal in the calculation of NdPr Sales Volume. 
 NdPr Realized Price per KG 
 We calculate the NdPr Realized Price per kilogram KG for a given period as the quotient of: (i) our NdPr oxide and metal sales, which are determined in accordance with GAAP, for a given period and (ii) our NdPr Sales Volume for the same period. NdPr Realized Price per KG is an important measure of the market price of our NdPr products. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on the key trends of electrification and supply chain security, particularly as domestic xEV production grows. Our continued success depends to a significant extent on our ability to take advantage of the following opportunities and meet the challenges associated with them. 
 Demand for REE 
 The key demand drivers for REE are a diverse array of growing end markets, including electric mobility, renewable power generation, energy-efficient motors, pumps and compressors, industrial and service robotics, consumer and medical applications, critical defense systems, and catalysts and phosphors. Accordingly, the demand for our products may be impacted by demand for these downstream products, particularly the continued growth in xEVs. Despite the current macroeconomic conditions, we continue to believe we benefit from the growth of the rare earth market, particularly the market for NdPr and 
 25 

T able of Contents 

 permanent magnets, and from several demand tailwinds for REE. These include the trend toward electrification; geographic supply chain diversification, particularly in relation to China; the U.S. government initiatives to restore domestic supply of critical minerals; and the increasing acceptance of environmental, social and governance mandates. 
 However, changes in technology could also drive down the use of REE, including NdPr, in the components in which they are now used, or lead to a decline in reliance on such components altogether. Actual, or perceived, decreases in demand for REE, whether through changes in technology or slower growth in the end markets that utilize REE, could result in a decline in the market price of REE, including NdPr, and/or result in pricing volatility. We also operate in a competitive industry. Many of our key competitors are based in China, where competitors may not be subject to the same rigorous environmental standards or may receive disproportionate government subsidies, and production costs are typically lower than in the U.S. 
 Maximizing Production Efficiency 
 Subsequent to the implementation of our Stage I optimization plan, and starting in 2021, we have achieved at least 40,000 MTs of annual REO Production Volume. These results were achieved by optimizing the reagent scheme, reducing process temperatures, improving tailings facility management, and committing to operational excellence, which allowed us to achieve approximately 92 uptime in our most recent full fiscal year. Our Stage I optimization plan enabled us to achieve what we believe to be world-class production cost levels for rare earth concentrate. 
 In November 2023, we announced our Upstream 60K strategy whereby we intend to grow our annual REO Production Volume to approximately 60,000 MTs by expanding upstream capacity via investments in further beneficiation, including the ability to process alternative feedstocks and upgrade lower-grade feedstocks. We aim to achieve this initiative within the next four years with modest incremental capital investment. 
 The success of our business reflects our ability to continue to manage our costs and drive scale. Our production achievements in Stage I have provided economies of scale to lower production costs per MT of REO produced in concentrate. Furthermore, we designed our Stage II process flow to capitalize on the inherent advantages of the bastnaesite ore at Mountain Pass, which is well-suited to low-cost refining by selectively eliminating the need to carry cerium, a lower-value mineral, through the separations process. Additionally, our location and integration offer cost and transportation advantages that create meaningful efficiencies in production, security of incoming supplies and shipping of our final products. 
 We currently operate a single site in a single location, and any stoppage in activity, including for reasons outside of our control, could adversely impact our production, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, several of our current and potential competitors are government supported and may have access to substantially more capital, which may allow them to make similar or greater efficiency improvements or undercut market prices for our product. 
 Development of Our REE Refining and Downstream Manufacturing Capabilities 
 Stage II advanced our operations from the production of rare earth concentrate to the separation of individual REE. The project incorporated upgrades and enhancements to the prior facility process flow intended to reliably produce separated REE at a low cost while minimizing our impact on the environment. More specifically, we have reintroduced an oxidizing roasting circuit, reoriented portions of the plant process flow, increased product finishing capacity, improved wastewater management, and made other improvements to materials handling and storage. The reintroduction of the oxidizing roasting circuit allows subsequent stages of the production process to occur at lower temperatures, and with lower volumes of materials and reagents, which supports lower operating and maintenance costs and higher uptime than would otherwise be achievable. 
 During the second half of 2023, we began producing separated rare earth products. However, we continue to expect that it may take many quarters to achieve our designed throughput of separated products. As we increase production of separated products over time, we expect to improve our per-unit production costs of NdPr oxide, which represents a majority of the value contained in our concentrate. Until such time, we may experience unstable operations and elevated costs of our initial production of separated products. 
 Partially supported by a 35.0 million award from the Department of Defense s Office of Industrial Base Policy, Industrial Base Analysis and Sustainment program, we are currently advancing the facilitating works, engineering and procurement on our processing and separations facility for heavy rare earth elements HREE (the HREE Facility ), which will be built at Mountain Pass and will be integrated into the rest of our Stage I and Stage II facilities. 
 In addition, we are constructing the Fort Worth Facility and developing engineering and manufacturing technology to process NdPr oxide into metal and magnets, while incorporating magnet recycling capabilities. These initiatives support our long-term plans to become a leading global source for rare earth magnets. We believe integration into magnet production will 
 26 

T able of Contents 

 provide some protection from commodity pricing volatility, while also enhancing our business profile as the producer of a critical industrial output in addition to a producer of resources. We expect our Stage III efforts to continue to benefit from geopolitical developments, including initiatives to repatriate critical materials supply chains. 
 Our Mineral Reserves 
 Our ore body has proven over more than 60 years of operations to be one of the world s largest and highest-grade rare earth resources. As of December 31, 2023, SRK Consulting (U.S.), Inc., an independent consulting firm that we retained to assess our reserves, estimated total proven and probable reserves of 1.86 million short tons of REO contained in 28.46 million short tons of ore at Mountain Pass, with an average ore grade of 6.20 . These estimates use an estimated economical cut-off grade of 2.43 total rare earth oxide. Based on these estimated reserves and our expected annual production rate of REO upon production ramp-up of Stage II, our expected mine life was approximately 33 years as of December 31, 2023. Over time, we expect to be able to continue to grow our expected mine life through additional exploratory drilling and improved processing capabilities, which may result in changes to various assumptions underlying our mineral reserve estimate. 
 Mining activities in the U.S. are heavily regulated, particularly in California. Regulatory changes may make it more challenging for us to access our reserves. In addition, new mineral deposits may be discovered elsewhere, which could make our operations less competitive. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations: 
 For the three months ended September 30, Change For the nine months ended September 30, Change (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Rare earth concentrate 43,053 52,472 (9,419) (18) 107,555 212,139 (104,584) (49) NdPr oxide and metal 19,179 19,179 N/M 34,037 34,037 N/M Other revenue 
 695 44 651 N/M 1,277 101 1,176 N/M Total revenue 62,927 52,516 10,411 20 142,869 212,240 (69,371) (33) Operating costs and expenses: Cost of sales (1) 
 57,266 22,217 35,049 158 134,323 69,137 65,186 94 Selling, general and administrative 21,525 19,561 1,964 10 64,226 57,829 6,397 11 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 19,344 16,751 2,593 15 55,939 37,076 18,863 51 Start-up costs 1,627 7,336 (5,709) (78) 4,287 16,125 (11,838) (73) Advanced projects and development 2,051 2,873 (822) (29) 8,143 9,586 (1,443) (15) Other operating costs and expenses 654 1,314 (660) (50) 1,415 6,578 (5,163) (78) Total operating costs and expenses 102,467 70,052 32,415 46 268,333 196,331 72,002 37 Operating income (loss) (39,540) (17,536) (22,004) 125 (125,464) 15,909 (141,373) N/M Interest expense, net (6,646) (1,396) (5,250) 376 (16,248) (4,147) (12,101) 292 Gain on early extinguishment of debt N/M 46,265 46,265 N/M Other income, net 11,320 14,456 (3,136) (22) 36,061 41,970 (5,909) (14) Income (loss) before income taxes (34,866) (4,476) (30,390) 679 (59,386) 53,732 (113,118) N/M Income tax benefit (expense) 9,350 200 9,150 N/M 16,304 (13,166) 29,470 N/M Net income (loss) (25,516) (4,276) (21,240) 497 (43,082) 40,566 (83,648) N/M Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 (11,168) 15,551 (26,719) N/M (39,461) 101,202 (140,663) N/M Adjusted Net Income (Loss) (2) 
 (19,634) 7,026 (26,660) N/M (55,162) 75,376 (130,538) N/M 
 N/M = Not meaningful. 
 (1) Excludes depreciation, depletion and amortization. 
 (2) Non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below. 
 27 

T able of Contents 

 Rare earth concentrate r evenue consists primarily of sales of traditional and roasted rare earth concentrate. The decreases in rare earth concentrate revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the respective prior year periods, were driven primarily by lower Realized Price per REO MT, which decreased by 23 and 40 , respectively. The three months ended September 30, 2024, benefited from an increase in REO Sales Volume of 6 , while the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were impacted by lower REO Sales Volume, which decreased by 16 . 
 Realized Price per REO MT for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, reflects the continued softness in the pricing environment for rare earth products. As noted above in the Factors Affecting our Performance section, market prices for rare earth products may be volatile due to actual or perceived changes in supply or demand. The decline in the market prices for rare earth products was largely attributable to lower than anticipated growth in demand for magnetic products, which negatively impacted the price of REE. The increase in REO Sales Volume for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily the result of an increase in REO Production Volume of 28 , reflecting higher mineral recoveries and operational efficiencies achieved as part of our ongoing efforts to expand upstream capacity. The decrease in REO Sales Volume for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was due to the ramp-up of Stage II operations where a significant portion of the REO produced, which could otherwise have been sold as rare earth concentrate, was used in our refining process to produce separated rare earth products. 
 Prior to the commencement of production of separated rare earth materials in the third quarter of 2023, our REO Sales Volume generally tracked our REO Production Volume over time with slight period-to-period differences caused by the timing of shipments. However, as we have ramped production of separated rare earth materials, significant volumes of REO produced from Stage I operations have been retained for separation rather than sold as concentrate, resulting in REO Sales Volume being significantly below REO Production Volume. In addition, a significant portion of the contained cerium in the REO produced is intentionally rejected and may not result in finished product. We expect this trend to continue in the future as we produce and sell more separated products. See the Quarterly Performance Trend section below for additional information. 
 NdPr oxide and metal revenue consists of sales of NdPr oxide and metal, which commenced in the fourth quarter of 2023. As we ramp up production of separated rare earth products, we expect our NdPr oxide and metal revenue to become a larger proportion of our total revenue. Accordingly, to the extent we sell a greater volume of NdPr oxide and NdPr metal, we expect that rare earth concentrate revenue will decline in future periods. 
 The increases in NdPr oxide and metal revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were driven by sales of NdPr oxide and metal, primarily pursuant to our distribution agreement with Sumitomo Corporation of Americas, with no comparable sales in the respective prior year periods. 
 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation, depletion and amortization) COS consists of production- and processing-related labor costs (including wages and salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation), mining and processing supplies and reagents, parts and labor for the maintenance of our mining fleet and processing facilities, other facilities-related costs (such as property taxes and utilities), packaging materials, and shipping and freight costs. 
 The increases in COS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were driven by elevated per-unit production costs associated with separated rare earth products sold in the current year periods, as we continue to ramp and optimize production of separated products. The increases in COS were also attributable to higher payroll costs, professional services, and property and other taxes. Additionally, the nine months ended September 30, 2024, included 1.9 million in higher repairs and maintenance expenses associated with the thickener equipment damage in the second quarter of 2024. Lastly, COS for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, included 15.1 million in reserves on certain of our work in process and finished goods inventories, which represented a reduction in the reserve of 2.7 million from the most recent quarter that benefited COS for the three months ended September 30, 2024. We may incur additional reserves on inventories prior to achieving normalized production levels on our Stage II facilities. 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses consist primarily of personnel costs (including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation) of our administrative functions such as executives, accounting and finance, legal, and information technology; professional services (including legal, regulatory, audit and others); certain engineering expenses; insurance, license and permit costs; corporate office lease cost; office supplies; and certain environmental, health and safety expenses. 
 The increases in SG A expenses were primarily due to higher personnel costs (other than stock-based compensation expense), which increased by 1.1 million and 3.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the respective prior year periods, partially due to increased employee headcount to support our downstream expansion. In addition, higher legal costs as well as costs related to our enterprise resource planning system implementation contributed to the increase for both comparable periods. 
 28 

T able of Contents 

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization primarily consists of depreciation of property, plant and equipment and depletion of mineral rights. The year-over-year increases in depreciation, depletion and amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily reflect increases in depreciation of 2.1 million and 17.6 million, respectively. Depreciation increased as a result of the timing of placing new circuits and facilities associated with our Stage II optimization project into service, which occurred progressively throughout 2023, and the placement of certain of our Fort Worth Facility assets into service in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Start-up costs relate to costs associated with restarting an existing facility or commissioning a new facility, circuit or process of our production, manufacturing, or separations facilities prior to the achievement of commercial production, that do not qualify for capitalization. Such costs, which are expensed as incurred, include certain salaries and wages, outside services, parts, training, and utilities, among other items, used or consumed directly in these start-up activities. 
 Start-up costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 5.7 million and 11.8 million, respectively, as compared to the prior year comparable periods, attributable to the commencement of our operations related to our Stage II optimization project. Start-up costs associated with Stage II decreased, specifically as a result of salaries and wages of certain employees no longer being considered start-up given the commencement of initial production of separated products in late 2023, which also resulted in the higher personnel costs discussed above within COS. Start-up costs attributable to our Stage III initiatives increased by 0.8 million and 2.0 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year comparable periods, in line with the development of our magnetics capability and team headcount. 
 Advanced projects and development consists principally of costs incurred in connection with research and development of new processes or to significantly enhance our existing processes; and certain government contracts, as well as costs incurred to support growth initiatives or pursue other opportunities. Advanced projects and development for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased year over year, primarily due to lower costs incurred for legal, consulting, and advisory services to support growth initiatives, such as potential acquisitions, mergers, or other investments, which decreased by 0.9 million and 2.2 million, respectively, when compared to the respective prior year periods. This was partially offset by continued investment in research and development activities associated with Stage III magnetics, which increased by 0.6 million and 1.6 million, respectively, when compared to the respective prior year periods. 
 Other operating costs and expenses consists primarily of accretion of asset retirement and environmental obligations and gains or losses on disposals of long-lived assets, including demolition costs. Other operating costs and expenses decreased year over year as a result of demolition costs incurred in the prior year periods, totaling 0.8 million and 5.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, associated with demolishing and removing certain out-of-use older facilities and infrastructure from the Mountain Pass site to accommodate future expansion in rare earth processing. 
 Interest expense, net principally consists of expense associated with the 0.25 and 3.00 per annum interest rates and amortization of the debt issuance costs on our 2026 Notes and 2030 Notes, respectively, offset by capitalized interest. Interest expense, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased year over year due to the issuance of the 2030 Notes, partially offset by repurchases of the 2026 Notes. 
 Gain on early extinguishment of debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, is the result of the repurchase of a portion of our 2026 Notes at prices lower than the associated carrying amounts. See the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below for additional information. 
 Other income, net consists of interest and investment income and non-operating gains or losses. Other income, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased year over year as a result of lower interest and investment income earned on our short-term investments, whose balance decreased slightly over the applicable periods. Interest and investment income is principally generated from accretion of the discount on such investments. 
 Income tax benefit (expense) consists of an estimate of U.S. federal and state income taxes in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business, adjusted for federal, state and local allowable income tax benefits, the effect of permanent differences and any valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. The effective tax rate (income tax expense as a percentage of income before income taxes) was 26.8 and 27.5 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to 4.5 and 24.5 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, differed from the statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to the Section 45X Advanced Manufacturing Production Credit (the 45X Credit and the California Competes Tax Credit, offset by state income tax expense and a deduction limitation on officers compensation. For additional information on the 45X Credit, see Note 15 , Government Grants, in the notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 29 

T able of Contents 

 Quarterly Performance Trend 
 While our business is not highly seasonal in nature, we sometimes experience a timing lag between production and sales, which may result in volatility in our results of operations between periods. The timing lag may be the result of, or influenced by, factors such as the timing and duration of shipments or the time required to convert materials. In addition, quarterly production of concentrate and separated products is impacted by the timing of scheduled outages of our production facilities for maintenance, which typically occur in the second and fourth quarters. Finally, since we began production of separated rare earth materials in the third quarter of 2023, certain volumes of REO produced are further processed or rejected rather than sold as concentrate. 
 The following table presents our KPIs for the quarterly periods indicated: 
 FY2024 FY2023 FY2022 (in whole units or dollars) Q3 
 Q2 
 Q1 Q4 Q3 Q2 Q1 Q4 Q3 Rare earth concentrate REO Production Volume (MTs) 13,742 9,084 11,151 9,257 10,766 10,863 10,671 10,485 10,886 REO Sales Volume (MTs) 9,729 5,839 9,332 7,174 9,177 10,271 10,215 10,816 10,676 Realized Price per REO MT 4,425 4,183 4,294 5,622 5,718 6,231 9,365 8,515 11,636 Separated NdPr products NdPr Production Volume (MTs) 478 272 131 150 50 N/A N/A N/A N/A NdPr Sales Volume (MTs) 404 136 134 10 N/A N/A N/A N/A NdPr Realized Price per KG 47 48 62 70 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A = Not applicable as there was either no NdPr production volume or no NdPr sales volume in these periods. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity refers to our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of our business operations, including working capital and capital expenditure needs, contractual obligations, debt service and other commitments. Since becoming a public company, our principal sources of liquidity have been the issuance of the 2026 Notes in March 2021, and net cash from operating activities. In addition, we issued the 2030 Notes in March 2024, resulting in net proceeds of 731.4 million prior to the use of a portion of these funds to repurchase the 2026 Notes, repurchase shares of our common stock, and purchase Capped Call Options, as discussed below. As of September 30, 2024, we had 866.5 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and 957.5 million of principal amount of long-term debt. 
 Our results of operations and cash flows depend in large part upon the market prices of REO and particularly the price of rare earth concentrate. Rare earth concentrate is not quoted on any major commodities market or exchange and demand is currently constrained to a relatively limited number of refiners, a significant majority of which are based in China. Although we believe that our cash flows from operations and cash on hand are adequate to meet our liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future, uncertainty continues to exist as to the market price of REO, as evidenced by the volatility experienced in 2022 and the significant decrease in the market price of REO subsequently experienced, primarily due to concerns over the global economic conditions and actual or perceived concerns over increases in the supply of and/or decreases in demand for rare earth products. The significant decrease in the market price of rare earth products negatively impacted our cash flows from operations and liquidity. 
 Our current working capital needs relate mainly to our mining, beneficiation, and separation operations. As we began the transition to selling separated rare earth products in 2023, our working capital needs increased materially, portions of which we expect to continue in 2024 as we ramp up the production and sales of separated rare earth products and advance our Stage III magnetics initiatives. 
 The completion of our mission to become a fully integrated domestic magnetics producer is expected to be capital intensive. With the construction portion of our Stage II optimization project complete, our principal capital expenditure requirements relate mainly to further investment in Mountain Pass, including the development of the HREE Facility, Upstream 60K, and other growth and investment projects, completing the buildout of the Fort Worth Facility, as well as periodic repairs and maintenance of mining and rare earth processing equipment. We expect to spend approximately 200 million of capital costs in 2024, with further costs for all of these identified projects in 2025. Our future capital requirements will also depend on several other factors, including market conditions, decisions regarding downstream production capability, and future acquisitions. 
 30 

T able of Contents 

 Our estimated costs or estimated time to complete and commission these projects may increase, potentially significantly, due to factors outside of our control. While we believe that we have sufficient cash resources to fund these initiatives and operating working capital in the near term, we cannot assure this. If our available resources prove inadequate to fund our plans or commitments, we may be forced to revise our strategy and business plans or could be required, or elect, to seek additional funding through public or private equity or debt financings; however, such funding may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any delays in our ongoing capital projects or substantial cost increases, including construction costs and related materials costs related to their execution, could significantly impact our ability to maximize our revenue opportunities and adversely impact our business and cash flows. 
 
 Debt and Other Long-Term Obligations 
 2026 Notes: In March 2021, we issued 690.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.25 unsecured convertible senior notes at a price of par. Interest on the 2026 Notes is payable on April 1 st and October 1 st of each year, beginning on October 1, 2021. 
 Contemporaneous with the pricing of the 2030 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the 2026 Notes to repurchase 400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes, using 358.0 million of the net proceeds from the offering of the 2030 Notes. The price we paid to repurchase the 2026 Notes, 89.5 of par value, was the same for each lender and approximated the trading price of the 2026 Notes at the time of the repurchases. Subsequent to the issuance of the 2030 Notes, we repurchased an additional 80.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes in open market transactions for 70.6 million. As a result of these repurchases, we recorded a 46.3 million gain on early extinguishment of debt in the first quarter of 2024. 
 The remaining 2026 Notes outstanding mature, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased, on April 1, 2026. The initial conversion price of the remaining 2026 Notes is approximately 44.28 per share, or 22.5861 shares per 1,000 principal amount of notes, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. As of September 30, 2024, the maximum number of shares of common stock that could be issued to satisfy the conversion feature of the 2026 Notes was 5,999,994 shares of common stock. 
 In March 2024, we provided a written notice to the trustee and the holders of the 2026 Notes that we have irrevocably elected to fix the settlement method for all conversions that may occur subsequent to the election date, to a combination of cash and shares of our common stock with the specified dollar amount per 1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes of 1,000. As a result, for any conversions of 2026 Notes occurring after the election date, a converting holder will receive (i) up to 1,000 in cash per 1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes and (ii) shares of our common stock for any conversion consideration in excess of 1,000 per 1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes converted. Prior to the election being made, we could have elected to settle the 2026 Notes in cash, shares of our common stock or a combination thereof. 
 2030 Notes: In March 2024, we issued 747.5 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.00 unsecured convertible senior notes that mature, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased, on March 1, 2030, at a price of par. Interest on the 2030 Notes is payable on March 1 st and September 1 st of each year, beginning on September 1, 2024. In connection with the issuance, we recorded debt issuance costs of 19.9 million, of which 3.7 million was settled through the issuance of shares of our common stock. 
 The 2030 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election, at an initial conversion price of approximately 21.74 per share, or 45.9939 shares per 1,000 principal amount of 2030 Notes, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. As of September 30, 2024, the maximum number of shares of common stock that could be issued to satisfy the conversion feature of the 2030 Notes was 48,132,646 shares of common stock. 
 Prior to December 1, 2029, at their election, holders of the 2030 Notes may convert their outstanding notes under the following circumstances: i) during any calendar quarter commencing with the third quarter of 2024 if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; ii) during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period (the Measurement Period in which the trading price (as defined in the indenture governing the 2030 Notes) per 1,000 principal amount of 2030 Notes for each trading day of the Measurement Period was less than 98 of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; iii) if we call any or all of the 2030 Notes for redemption, the notes called for redemption may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events set forth in the indenture governing the 2030 Notes. On or after December 1, 2029, and prior to the close of business on the second 
 31 

T able of Contents 

 scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the 2030 Notes, holders may convert their outstanding notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 
 We have the option to redeem for cash the 2030 Notes, in whole or in part, beginning on March 5, 2027, if certain conditions are met as set forth in the indenture governing the 2030 Notes. The redemption price is equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 If we undergo a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2030 Notes), holders may require us to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their outstanding 2030 Notes at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date of the 2030 Notes or if we deliver a notice of early redemption, holders may, at their election, convert their outstanding 2030 Notes in connection with such event or notice, as applicable, and we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate but not to exceed 64.3915 shares per 1,000 principal amount of any converted 2030 Notes, subject to further adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. 
 Capped Call Options: In March 2024, in connection with the offering of the 2030 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Capped Call Options with certain financial institutions Counterparties ). The Capped Call Options cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those in the 2030 Notes, 34.4 million shares of our common stock, the same number of shares that initially underlie the 2030 Notes. The Capped Call Options have an expiration date of March 1, 2030, subject to earlier exercise. 
 The Capped Call Options are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon conversion of the 2030 Notes and/or offset cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted 2030 Notes, as the case may be, in the event that the market price per share of our common stock, as measured under the terms of the Capped Call Options, is greater than the strike price of the Capped Call Options, which initially corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2030 Notes, or approximately 21.74 per share of common stock, with such reduction and/or offset subject to an initial cap of 31.06 per share of our common stock. 
 The Capped Call Options are separate transactions, entered into by the Company with each of the Counterparties, and are not part of the terms of the 2030 Notes. Holders of the 2030 Notes will not have any rights with respect to the Capped Call Options. We paid 65.3 million for the Capped Call Options. 
 Equipment Notes: We have financing agreements for the purchase of certain equipment, including trucks, tractors, loaders, graders, and various other machinery. As of September 30, 2024, we had 3.1 million in principal (and accrued interest) outstanding under the equipment notes. See Note 10 , Debt Obligations, in the notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 Leases: We have lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including office space, vehicles and equipment used in our operations. As of September 30, 2024, we had future expected lease payment obligations totaling 9.7 million, with 2.3 million due within the next 12 months. See Note 11 , Leases, in the notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations: See Note 8 , Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations, in the notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for our estimated cash requirements to settle asset retirement and environmental obligations. 
 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 In March 2024, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the Program effective for one year under which the Company became authorized to repurchase up to an aggregate amount of 300.0 million of our outstanding common stock. In August 2024, our Board of Directors approved a 300.0 million increase to the Program, bringing the total authorized amount to 600.0 million. The Program was also extended and is effective until August 30, 2026. This authorization does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares. 
 We may purchase shares from time to time at the discretion of management through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades, accelerated or other structured share repurchase programs, or other means. The manner, timing, pricing and amount of any transactions will be subject to our discretion and may be based upon market conditions, regulatory requirements and alternative opportunities that we may have for the use or investment of our capital. 
 32 

T able of Contents 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 15.2 million shares of our common stock under the Program at an aggregate cost of 225.1 million. See Note 16 , Stockholders Equity and Stock-based Compensation, in the notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows: 
 For the nine months ended September 30, Change (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (17,128) 76,480 (93,608) N/M Investing activities 31,697 337,831 (306,134) (91) Financing activities 6,037 (8,577) 14,614 N/M 
 N/M = Not meaningful. 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities: Net cash used in operating activities was 17.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 76.5 million in the prior year period. The change in cash flows from operating activities was primarily driven by a decrease in revenue and an increase in inventories to support commissioning of our Stage II separations facilities and the related change in working capital as we increase production of separated products. These decreases were partially offset by the receipt of a 50.0 million initial prepayment pursuant to the long-term supply agreement with GM for magnetic precursor materials and receipt of 19.4 million related to the 45X Credit claimed on our 2023 federal tax return. 
 Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities: Net cash provided by investing activities decreased by 306.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year period. The decrease in cash flows from investing activities was primarily driven by the net cash flow impact, which was 349.3 million, of a year-over-year increase in purchases of short-term investments, offset only partially by a small increase in proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments. Also, additions to property, plant and equipment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 43.2 million when compared to the prior year period, and related primarily to a decrease in construction spend on our Stage II optimization project given the timing of completion and placement into service. 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities: Net cash provided by financing activities was 6.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net cash used in financing activities of 8.6 million in the prior year period. The change in cash flows from financing activities was driven by the net cash flow impact, which was 12.4 million, of the issuance of the 2030 Notes, the payments of debt issuance costs associated with the 2030 Notes, the payments made to retire a significant portion of the 2026 Notes, the purchase of the Capped Call Options, and the payments made to repurchase our common stock, all of which occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income (Loss), Adjusted Diluted EPS, and Free Cash Flow, which are non-GAAP financial measures that we use to supplement our results presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures may be similar to measures reported by other companies in our industry and are regularly used by securities analysts and investors to measure companies financial performance. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income (Loss), Adjusted Diluted EPS, and Free Cash Flow are not intended to be substitutes for any GAAP financial measures and, as calculated, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of performance or liquidity of other companies within our industry or in other industries. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as our GAAP net income or loss before interest expense, net; income tax expense or benefit; and depreciation, depletion and amortization; further adjusted to eliminate the impact of stock-based compensation expense; initial start-up costs; transaction-related and other costs; accretion of asset retirement and environmental obligations; gain or loss on disposals of long-lived assets; gain or loss on early extinguishment of debt; and other income or loss. We present Adjusted EBITDA because it is used by management to evaluate our underlying operating and financial performance and trends. Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain expenses that are required in accordance with GAAP because they are non-recurring, non-cash or are not related to our underlying business performance. This non-GAAP financial measure is intended to 
 33 

T able of Contents 

 supplement our GAAP results and should not be used as a substitute for financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of our Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, to our Net income (loss), which is determined in accordance with GAAP: 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) (25,516) (4,276) (43,082) 40,566 Adjusted for: Depreciation, depletion and amortization 19,344 16,751 55,939 37,076 Interest expense, net 6,646 1,396 16,248 4,147 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 (9,350) (200) (16,304) 13,166 Stock-based compensation expense (1) 
 5,453 6,298 18,623 19,041 Initial start-up costs (2) 
 1,493 7,082 3,918 15,474 Transaction-related and other costs (3) 
 1,428 1,642 6,108 7,124 Accretion of asset retirement and environmental obligations (4) 
 234 227 695 681 Loss on disposals of long-lived assets, net (4) 
 420 1,087 720 5,897 Gain on early extinguishment of debt (5) 
 (46,265) Other income, net 
 (11,320) (14,456) (36,061) (41,970) Adjusted EBITDA (11,168) 15,551 (39,461) 101,202 
 (1) Principally included in Selling, general and administrative within our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Included in Start-up costs within our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and excludes any applicable stock-based compensation, which is included in the Stock-based compensation expense line above. Relates to certain costs incurred in connection with the commissioning and starting up of our initial separations capability at Mountain Pass and our initial magnet-making capabilities at Fort Worth prior to the achievement of commercial production. These costs include labor of incremental employees hired in advance to work directly on such commissioning activities, training costs, costs of testing and commissioning the new circuits and processes, and other related costs. Given the nature and scale of the related costs and activities, management does not view these as normal, recurring operating expenses, but rather as non-recurring investments to initially develop our separations and magnet-making capabilities. Therefore, we believe it is useful and necessary for investors to understand our core operating performance in current and future periods by excluding the impact of these start-up costs. To the extent additional start-up costs are incurred in the future to expand our separations and magnet-making capabilities after initial achievement of commercial production (e.g., significantly expanding production capacity at an existing facility or building a new separations or magnet manufacturing facility), such costs would not be considered an adjustment for this non-GAAP financial measure. 
 (3) Principally included in Advanced projects and development within our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, and pertains to legal, consulting, and advisory services, and other costs associated with specific transactions, including potential acquisitions, mergers, or other investments. 
 (4) Included in Other operating costs and expenses within our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (5) Pertains to the gain recognized on the repurchase of 480.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2026 Notes in March 2024. 
 Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 We calculate Adjusted Net Income (Loss) as our GAAP net income or loss excluding the impact of stock-based compensation expense; initial start-up costs; transaction-related and other costs; gain or loss on disposals of long-lived assets; gain or loss on early extinguishment of debt; and other items that we do not consider representative of our underlying operations; adjusted to give effect to the income tax impact of such adjustments. We calculate Adjusted Diluted EPS as our GAAP diluted earnings or loss per share excluding the per share impact, using adjusted diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, of stock-based compensation expense; initial start-up costs; transaction-related and other costs; gain or loss on disposals of long-lived assets; gain or loss on early extinguishment of debt; and other items that we do not consider representative of our underlying operations; adjusted to give effect to the income tax impact of such adjustments. In addition, when appropriate, we include an adjustment to reverse the impact of applying the if-converted method to our 2026 Notes if necessary to reconcile between GAAP diluted earnings or loss per share and Adjusted Diluted EPS. When applicable, adjusted diluted weighted-average shares outstanding reflect the anti-dilutive impact of our Capped Call Options entered into in connection with the issuance of our 2030 Notes. 
 Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Diluted EPS exclude certain expenses that are required in accordance with GAAP because they are non-recurring, non-cash, or not related to our underlying business performance. To calculate the 
 34 

T able of Contents 

 income tax impact of such adjustments on a year-to-date basis, we utilize an effective tax rate equal to our income tax expense excluding material discrete costs and benefits, with any impacts of changes in effective tax rate being recognized in the current period. We present Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Diluted EPS because it is used by management to evaluate our underlying operating and financial performance and trends. These non-GAAP financial measures are intended to supplement our GAAP results and should not be used as a substitute for financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of our Adjusted Net Income (Loss), which is a non-GAAP financial measure, to our Net income (loss), which is determined in accordance with GAAP: 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) (25,516) (4,276) (43,082) 40,566 Adjusted for: Stock-based compensation expense (1) 
 5,453 6,298 18,623 19,041 Initial start-up costs (2) 
 1,493 7,082 3,918 15,474 Transaction-related and other costs (3) 
 1,428 1,642 6,108 7,124 Loss on disposals of long-lived assets, net (4) 
 420 1,087 720 5,897 Gain on early extinguishment of debt (5) 
 (46,265) Other 
 (1) (42) Tax impact of adjustments above (6) 
 (2,912) (4,806) 4,816 (12,684) Adjusted Net Income (Loss) 
 (19,634) 7,026 (55,162) 75,376 
 (1) Principally included in Selling, general and administrative within our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Included in Start-up costs within our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and excludes any applicable stock-based compensation, which is included in the Stock-based compensation expense line above. Relates to certain costs incurred in connection with the commissioning and starting up of our initial separations capability at Mountain Pass and our initial magnet-making capabilities at Fort Worth prior to the achievement of commercial production. These costs include labor of incremental employees hired in advance to work directly on such commissioning activities, training costs, costs of testing and commissioning the new circuits and processes, and other related costs. Given the nature and scale of the related costs and activities, management does not view these as normal, recurring operating expenses, but rather as non-recurring investments to initially develop our separations and magnet-making capabilities. Therefore, we believe it is useful and necessary for investors to understand our core operating performance in current and future periods by excluding the impact of these start-up costs. To the extent additional start-up costs are incurred in the future to expand our separations and magnet-making capabilities after initial achievement of commercial production (e.g., significantly expanding production capacity at an existing facility or building a new separations or magnet manufacturing facility), such costs would not be considered an adjustment for this non-GAAP financial measure. 
 (3) Principally included in Advanced projects and development within our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, and pertains to legal, consulting, and advisory services, and other costs associated with specific transactions, including potential acquisitions, mergers, or other investments. 
 (4) Included in Other operating costs and expenses within our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (5) Pertains to the gain recognized on the repurchase of 480.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2026 Notes in March 2024. 
 (6) Tax impact of adjustments is calculated using an adjusted effective tax rate, which excludes the impact of discrete tax costs and benefits, to each adjustment. The adjusted effective tax rates were 33.1 , 28.5 , 29.8 and 26.7 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 35 

T able of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of our Adjusted Diluted EPS, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, to our diluted earnings (loss) per share, which is determined in accordance with GAAP: 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 (0.16) (0.02) (0.44) 0.22 Adjusted for: 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 0.04 0.03 0.11 0.10 Initial start-up costs 
 0.01 0.04 0.02 0.08 Transaction-related and other costs 
 0.01 0.01 0.04 0.04 Loss on disposals of long-lived assets, net 
 0.01 0.03 Gain on early extinguishment of debt 
 (0.27) Tax impact of adjustments above (1) 
 (0.02) (0.03) 0.03 (0.07) 2026 Notes if-converted method (2) 
 0.18 Adjusted Diluted EPS (0.12) 0.04 (0.33) 0.40 Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding (3) 
 164,149,348 177,231,717 172,066,214 193,632,662 Assumed conversion of 2026 Notes (3) 
 (4,063,441) Assumed conversion of restricted stock (4) 
 582,144 Assumed conversion of restricted stock units (4) 
 438,803 Adjusted diluted weighted-average shares outstanding (3)(4) 
 164,149,348 178,252,664 168,002,773 193,632,662 
 (1) Tax impact of adjustments is calculated using an adjusted effective tax rate, which excludes the impact of discrete tax costs and benefits, to each adjustment. The adjusted effective tax rates were 33.1 , 28.5 , 29.8 and 26.7 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, since the 2026 Notes were dilutive for purposes of computing GAAP diluted loss per share but antidilutive for purposes of computing Adjusted Diluted EPS, within this reconciliation, we have included this adjustment to reverse the impact of applying the if-converted method to the 2026 Notes in the computation of GAAP diluted loss per share. 
 (3) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, since the 2026 Notes were dilutive for purposes of computing GAAP diluted loss per share but antidilutive for purposes of computing Adjusted Diluted EPS, the adjusted diluted weighted-average shares outstanding excludes the potentially dilutive securities associated with the 2026 Notes. 
 (4) The assumed conversion of restricted stock and restricted stock units was antidilutive for GAAP purposes for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For purposes of calculating Adjusted Diluted EPS, we have added back the assumed conversion of restricted stock and restricted stock units since they would not be antidilutive when using Adjusted Net Income as the numerator in the calculation of Adjusted Diluted EPS. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 We calculate Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by or used in operating activities less additions to property, plant and equipment, net of proceeds from government awards used for construction. We believe Free Cash Flow is useful for comparing our ability to generate cash with that of our peers. The presentation of Free Cash Flow is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities and does not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of our Free Cash Flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, to our net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, which is determined in accordance with GAAP: 
 For the nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (17,128) 76,480 Additions to property, plant and equipment, net (1) 
 (144,672) (187,877) Free Cash Flow (161,800) (111,397) 
 (1) Amounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, are net of 0.1 million and 1.1 million, respectively, in proceeds from government awards used for construction. 
 36 

T able of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies 
 A complete discussion of our critical accounting policies is included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Recently adopted and issued accounting pronouncements are described in Note 2 , Significant Accounting Policies, in the notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 There have been no material changes in our market risk exposures from the information presented in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, except as disclosed below. 
 Equity Market and Interest Rate Risks 
 While the fair values of our Convertible Notes are subject to interest rate risk, market risk and other factors due to their convertible feature, the Convertible Notes are more sensitive to the equity market price volatility of our stock price than changes in interest rates. The fair values of our Convertible Notes will generally increase as the price of our common stock increases and will generally decrease as the price of our common stock declines in value. The interest and market value changes affect the fair value of our Convertible Notes but do not impact our financial position, cash flows or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt obligations. Generally, the fair values of our Convertible Notes will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. Over the past several years, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates in an effort to combat high inflation; however, with recent indicators that inflation is moderating, the Federal Reserve has recently begun to reduce interest rates. Despite this shift in U.S. policy, uncertainty persists in the market and economic conditions, including the possibility of additional measures that could be taken by the Federal Reserve and other government agencies, related to concerns over inflation risk. 
 See Note 10 , Debt Obligations, in the notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our Convertible Notes. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 The Company s management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, evaluated and reported, as applicable, within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 There were no changes that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal and governmental proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any material legal or governmental proceedings, and, to our knowledge, none is threatened. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The Company s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of the Company s common stock, can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in 
 37 

T able of Contents 

 our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024 . When any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, the Company s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of the Company s common stock, can be materially and adversely affected. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On August 30, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 300.0 million increase to the Company s existing share repurchase program and extended the share repurchase program s expiration until August 30, 2026. The program was approved on March 1, 2024, and originally authorized the Company to repurchase up to an aggregate amount of 300.0 million of its outstanding common stock. 
 The following table provides information about shares of the Company s common stock that were repurchased as part of the share repurchase program during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 (in thousands, except for share and price per share data) 
 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program 
 7/1/2024 - 7/31/2024 99,250 8/1/2024 - 8/31/2024 2,237,394 10.84 2,237,394 374,991 9/1/2024 - 9/30/2024 374,991 Total 
 2,237,394 10.84 2,237,394 374,991 
 (1) Average price paid per share is calculated on a settlement basis and excludes commissions paid and excise tax. Our share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a 1 excise tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Any excise tax incurred is recognized in stockholders equity as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95.1 to this Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) , or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933). 
 38 

T able of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description 31.1 CEO Certification pursuant to rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 CFO Certification pursuant to rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 CEO Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 CFO Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 95.1 Mine Safety Disclosure pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Inline XBRL File (included in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 39 

T able of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 MP MATERIALS CORP. Dated: November 8, 2024 
 By: /s/ Ryan Corbett 
 Ryan Corbett Chief Financial Officer 
 40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mpmcexhibit31193024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, James H. Litinsky, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MP Materials Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s James H. Litinsky James H. Litinsky Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mpmcexhibit31293024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Ryan Corbett, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MP Materials Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s Ryan Corbett Ryan Corbett Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mpmcexhibit32193024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of MP Materials Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James H. Litinsky, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s James H. Litinsky James H. Litinsky Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 mpmcexhibit32293024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of MP Materials Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ryan Corbett, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s Ryan Corbett Ryan Corbett Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 6
 mpmcexhibit95193024.htm
 EX-95.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 95.1 

 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 
 Pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the United States are required to disclose in their periodic reports filed with the SEC information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders and citations, issued under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act by the Mine Safety and Health Administration (the MSHA ), as well as related assessments and legal actions, and mining-related fatalities. 
 The table below provides information for the three months ended September 30, 2024, at the Mountain Pass mine in San Bernardino County, California. 
 Additional information about the Mine Act and MSHA references used in the table follows 
 Section 104(a) Significant and Substantial S&S Citations Citations received from MSHA under 104(a) of the Mine Act for violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety or health hazard. 
 Section 104(b) Orders Orders issued by MSHA under 104(b) of the Mine Act, which represent a failure to abate a citation under 104(a) within the period of time prescribed by MSHA. This results in an order of immediate withdrawal from the area of the mine affected by the condition until MSHA determines that the violation has been abated. 
 Section 104(d) S&S Citations and Orders Citations and orders issued by MSHA under 104(d) of the Mine Act for unwarrantable failure to comply with mandatory, significant and substantial health or safety standards. 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations Flagrant violations issued by MSHA under 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act. 
 Section 107(a) Orders Orders issued by MSHA under 107(a) of the Mine Act for situations in which MSHA determined an imminent danger (as defined by MSHA) existed. 
 Mine Mine Act 104(a) S&S Citations Mine Act 104(b) Orders Mine Act 104(d) S&S Citations and Orders Mine Act 110(b)(2) Violations Mine Act 107(a) Orders Proposed MSHA Assessments (in whole dollars) (1) 
 Mining Related Fatalities Mine Act 104(e) Notice (Yes No) (2) 
 Pending Legal Actions before Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (Yes No) Mountain Pass 0 0 0 0 0 11,069 0 No No 
 (1) Includes a proposed MSHA assessment for one non-S&S citation issued during the three months ended June 30, 2024, and for one S&S citation issued during the three months ended December 31, 2023. 
 (2) A written notice from MSHA regarding a pattern of violations, or a potential to have such pattern under 104(e) of the Mine Act. 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mp-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mp-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mp-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mp-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mp-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

