<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1299130_0001299130-24-000183.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8204378</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>307845</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1500170</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2691690</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1926449</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1628793</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001299130-24-000183.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108192841
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001299130-24-000183
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES OF CALIFORNIA, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001299130
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				161590339
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34899
		FILM NUMBER:		241442515

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1305 O'BRIEN DRIVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-521-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1305 O'BRIEN DRIVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES OF CALIFORNIA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050829

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NANOFLUIDICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040729

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001299130-24-000183.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 pacb-20240930.htm
 10-Q

pacb-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Form 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 Number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock as of October 31, 2024: . 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 PAGE No. Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited): 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance S heet s as of S eptember 30, 2024 and Decemb er 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 38 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 40 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 80 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 80 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 80 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 81 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 81 
 Signatures 
 82 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES OF CALIFORNIA, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Investments Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Short-term restricted cash Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Long-term restricted cash Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue, current Operating lease liabilities, current Other liabilities, current Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, non-current Contingent consideration liability, non-current Operating lease liabilities, non-current Convertible senior notes, net, non-current Other liabilities, non-current Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value: 
 Authorized shares; shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value: 
 Authorized shares; issued and outstanding and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES OF CALIFORNIA, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Product revenue Service and other revenue Total revenue Cost of Revenue: Cost of product revenue Cost of service and other revenue Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
 Loss on purchase commitment 
 Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating Expense: Research and development Sales, general and administrative Goodwill impairment Merger-related expenses Amortization of acquired intangible assets Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Total operating expense Operating loss ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income, net Loss before benefit from income taxes ) ) ) ) Benefit from income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income: 
 Unrealized gain on investments 
 Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share: Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding used in calculating net loss per share: Basic Diluted 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES OF CALIFORNIA, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 (Loss) Income 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (in thousands) Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Issuance of common stock in conjunction with equity plans Share-based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (in thousands) Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Issuance of common stock in conjunction with equity plans Share-based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (in thousands) Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Shares issuable following milestone achievement Issuance of common stock in acquisition of Apton Issuance of common stock in connection with liquidity event bonus plan Issuance of common stock in conjunction with equity plans Share-based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (in thousands) Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Shares issuable following milestone achievement Issuance of common stock in acquisition of Apton Issuance of common stock in connection with liquidity event bonus plan Issuance of common stock from Underwritten Public Equity Offering, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock in conjunction with equity plans Share-based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES OF CALIFORNIA, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Depreciation Amortization of acquired intangible assets Amortization of right-of-use assets Share-based compensation expense Goodwill impairment Merger-related compensation expense Accretion of discount and amortization of premium on marketable securities, net ) ) Change in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration Loss on extinguishment of debt Inventory provision Deferred income taxes ) Other Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts receivable, net ) Inventory, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Deferred revenue ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Contingent consideration liability ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Cash paid for purchase of Apton, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of investments ) ) Sales of investments Maturities of investments Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock under equity offerings, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock from equity plans Payment of debt issuance costs ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Notes payable principal payoff ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Restricted cash at end of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES OF CALIFORNIA, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 The financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Concentration and Other Risks 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, one customer accounted for of total revenue during the period. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, no customer accounted for 10 or more of total revenue during the period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, no customer accounted for 10 or more of total revenue during the respective periods. 
 As of September 30, 2024, of our accounts receivable were from domestic customers, compared to as of December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, no customer represented 10 or more of our net accounts receivable, while one customer represented of our net accounts receivable as of December 31, 2023. 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 There have been no changes to our significant accounting policies as disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 2. 
 million , cash of million , and contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of million . Excluded from consideration transferred was million attributable to accelerated share-based compensation expense. The fair value of the common shares issued was determined based on the closing market price of our common stock on the acquisition date. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 million, which we may elect to pay in cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, is due upon the achievement of a milestone, defined as the achievement of million in revenue associated with Apton's technology, provided that the milestone event occurs prior to the anniversary of the closing date of the acquisition. At this time, the number of shares, if any, to be issued in connection with the achievement of the specified milestone is not known and will be calculated based on the daily volume-weighted average price of our common stock for the twenty trading days ending on and including the fifth trading day immediately prior to the occurrence of the specified milestone. Upon achievement of the milestone, we may pay cash in lieu of our common stock to ensure that the issuance of our common stock does not exceed of our outstanding shares of common stock then outstanding. 
 The contingent consideration is accounted for as a liability at fair value, with changes during each reporting period recognized in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. The fair value of the contingent consideration liability is calculated, with the assistance from a third-party valuation firm, using a Monte Carlo Simulation to estimate the volatility and systematic relative risk of revenues subject to sales milestone payments and discounting the associated cash payment amounts to their present values using a credit-risk-adjusted interest rate. 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, the total fair value of the consideration transferred was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values on the acquisition date. 
 In-process research and development Goodwill Other assets, current Deferred income tax liability ) Liabilities assumed ) Total consideration transferred 
 We have finalized the purchase price allocation for the Apton acquisition. There were no material adjustments from those amounts disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 We incurred costs related to the Apton acquisition of approxim ately million during the year ended December 31, 2023 . Merger-related expenses include million relating to a liquidity event bonus plan that was treated as a separate transaction and included the issuance of shares of common stock that were issued with a fair value of million based on the closing market price of our common stock on the acquisition date. As a result, the total shares issued in connection with the Apton acquisition were million shares of common stock. 
 million, which is primarily attributable to the synergies expected to occur from the integration of Apton and is not deductible for income tax purposes. We allocated million of the purchase price to acquired in-process research and development ("IPR D"). The fair value of the IPR D was determined, with the assistance of a third-party valuation firm, using an income approach based on a forecast of expected future cash flows. Expected future cash flows utilize significant assumptions such as assumed revenue growth, discount rate and obsolescence factors. 
 
 NOTE 3. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Investments: Commercial paper Corporate debt securities U.S. government agency securities Total investments Short-term restricted cash Long-term restricted cash Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Contingent consideration Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 anniversary of the closing date of the acquisition. As of September 30, 2024, the key input used in the determination of the fair value included projected revenues of the high-throughput short-read products and services leveraging Apton's technology. A decrease in the projected revenues would result in a decrease in the fair value of the liability. The discount rates used are the sum of the U.S. risk-free rate and the estimated subordinated credit spread for B- credit rating, which ranges from to . Changes in our estimated subordinated credit spread can result in changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability, where a lower credit spread may result in an increased liability valuation. 
 Change in estimated fair value Ending balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Changes to the fair value are recorded as change in fair value of contingent consideration in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 assets or liabilities reported at fair value on a recurring basis, and our valuation techniques did not change compared to the prior year. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Investments: Corporate debt securities ) U.S. government agency securities ) Total investments ) Total cash, cash equivalents and investments ) Short-term restricted cash Long-term restricted cash As of December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair Value Cash and cash equivalents ) Investments: Commercial paper Corporate debt securities ) U.S. government agency securities ) Total investments ) Total cash, cash equivalents and investments ) Short-term restricted cash Long-term restricted cash 
 The following table summarizes the contractual maturities of our cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments, excluding money market funds, as of September 30, 2024: 
 (in thousands) Fair Value Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Total 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations without call or prepayment penalties. 
 Investment income included in other income, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 4. 
 Work in process Finished goods Inventory, net 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually during the second quarter, or more frequently if an event occurs indicating the potential for impairment. We performed our annual assessment for goodwill impairment in the second quarter of 2024, as of the beginning of April 2024, noting impairment. Based primarily on the sustained decrease in our stock price during the second quarter and overall market capitalization as of the end of the second quarter of 2024 as well as other factors, we concluded that there was an indicator that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying amount that required an interim impairment test be performed on goodwill. As a result of the interim impairment test performed as of June 30, 2024, we concluded that the carrying amount of the entity-level reporting unit exceeded fair value and recorded a million goodwill impairment charge. The impairment charge is included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The decline in the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value in the second quarter of 2024 resulted primarily from the decline in our stock price and changes in the timing of expected future cash flows as compared to our initial long-term plan due to continued impact of longer than expected median sales cycles resulting from various factors. We performed our impairment test using a combination of an income and a market approach to determine the fair value of goodwill. The income approach utilized estimated discounted cash flows, while the market approach utilized comparable company information. Significant assumptions used in the income approach included revenue growth expectations and a selected discount rate of . The discount rate was based on the weighted average cost of capital, determined using market, industry data, and related risk factors. The assessment is a level 3 measurement due to its reliance on certain unobservable inputs and significant management judgment. The assumptions used were inherently subject to uncertainty and small changes in these assumptions could have had a significant impact on the concluded value. An increase of basis points to the discount rate used in our assessment would have resulted in additional goodwill impairment of approximately million. The assessed fair value was deemed reasonable based on a market capitalization reconciliation and a supportable control premium. 
 As a result of the impairment, the carrying value of goodwill now approximates fair value. Changes in our future operating results, cash flows, share price, market capitalization or discount rates used when conducting future goodwill impairment tests could affect the estimated fair value of goodwill and may result in additional impairment charges in the future. 
 Impairment 
 ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million as a result of the Apton acquisition in August 2023. The IPR D will remain on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until the completion or abandonment of the associated research and development activities. During the development period following the acquisition, IPR D is not amortized, but instead is tested for impairment annually and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. Upon completion of the development, we will amortize the asset over the life of the product or record an impairment charge if the asset is determined to be impaired. We performed our annual assessment of IPR D in the third quarter of 2024 noting impairment. 
 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Total ) ) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets is included within our cost of revenue if the costs and expenses related to the intangible assets are attributable to revenue generating activities. Amortization expense for intangible assets that are not directly related to sales generating activities are amortized to operating expenses. For developed technology intangible assets that are utilized in both revenue generating activities and in research and development activities, we allocate the amortization expense between cost of revenue and operating expenses. The finite-lived intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. 
 We review finite-lived intangible assets for impairment when indication of potential impairment exists, such as a significant reduction in cash flows associated with the assets. 
 Deferred Revenue 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had a total of million of deferred revenue, million of which was recorded as deferred revenue, current, and million of which was recorded as deferred revenue, non-current, which primarily relates to deferred service contract revenues and is scheduled to be recognized in the next . Revenue recorded in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes million and million, respectively, that was included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2023. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 warranty on instruments. In addition, we provide a limited warranty on consumables. At the time revenue is recognized, an accrual is established for estimated warranty costs based on historical experience as well as anticipated product performance. We periodically review the warranty reserve for adequacy and adjust the warranty accrual, if necessary, based on actual experience and estimated costs to be incurred. Warranties are recorded as part of accrued expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of product revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. There were no material changes in estimates for the periods presented below. 
 Additions charged to cost of product revenue Repairs and replacements ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 Term loans 
 In connection with the acquisition of Omniome, we acquired million in short-term debt and million in long-term debt relating to a term loan facility that Omniome obtained in April 2020. As of September 30, 2024, amounts were outstanding on the term loans. Interest expense was not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and was included as part of interest expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes ), pursuant to which we issued million in aggregate principal amount of our Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes in exchange for million principal amount of the 2028 Notes (the Exchange Transaction ), pursuant to exemptions from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. The 2030 Notes were issued on June 30, 2023. 
 The 2030 Notes are governed by an indenture (the 2030 Indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. The 2030 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum. Interest on the 2030 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15, commencing on December 15, 2023. The 2030 Notes will mature on December 15, 2030, subject to earlier conversion, redemption or repurchase. 
 The 2030 Notes are convertible at the option of the holder at any time until the second scheduled trading day prior to the maturity date, including in connection with a redemption by the Company. The 2030 Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock based on an initial conversion rate of 46.5116 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2030 Notes (which is equal to an initial conversion price of per share of common stock), in each case subject to customary anti-dilution and other adjustments as a result of certain extraordinary transactions. Upon conversion of the 2030 Notes, we may elect to settle such conversion obligation in shares of our common stock, cash or a combination of shares of our common stock and cash. 
 On or after June 20, 2028, the 2030 Notes will be redeemable by the Company in the event that the closing sale price of our common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide the redemption notice at a redemption price of of the principal amount of such 2030 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 of the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date, and all unpaid interest from the fundamental change repurchase date thereon, but excluding, the maturity date. 
 The 2030 Indenture includes customary events of default, which may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the 2030 Notes under the 2030 Indenture. The 2030 Indenture also includes customary covenants for convertible notes of this type. 
 To the extent we elect, the sole remedy for an event of default relating to our failure to comply with certain of our reporting obligations shall, for the first calendar days after the occurrence of such an event of default, consist exclusively of the right to receive additional interest on the 2030 Notes at a rate equal to (i) per annum of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes outstanding for each day during the first calendar days of the -day period after the occurrence of such an event of default during which such event of default is continuing (or, if earlier, the date on which such event of default is cured or waived) and (ii) per annum of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes outstanding for each day from, and including, the st calendar day to, and including, the th calendar day after the occurrence of such an event of default during which such event of default is continuing (or, if earlier, the date on which such event of default is cured or waived as provided for in the 2030 Indenture). On the st day after such event of default (if the event of default relating to our failure to comply with its obligations is not cured or waived prior to such st day), the 2030 Notes shall be subject to acceleration as provided for in the 2030 Indenture. 
 The 2030 Notes are accounted for in accordance with the authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. Under ASU 2020-06, the guidance requires that debt with an embedded conversion feature is accounted for in its entirety as a liability and no portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the convertible debt instrument is accounted for as attributable to the conversion feature unless the conversion feature is required to be accounted for separately as an embedded derivative or the conversion feature results in a substantial premium. The conversion feature of the 2030 Notes is not accounted for as an embedded derivative because it is considered to be indexed to our common stock, and the 2030 Notes were not issued at a substantial premium; therefore, the 2030 Notes are accounted for in their entirety as a liability. Because we may elect to settle any conversions entirely in shares, and because settlement in shares is the default settlement method, the liability is classified as non-current. 
 The requirement to repurchase the 2030 Notes, including unpaid interest to the maturity date in the event of a Fundamental Change, is considered a put option for certain periods requiring bifurcation under ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging. However, given the low probability of such a Fundamental Change occurring during the applicable periods, the value of the embedded derivative is immaterial. 
 The additional interest feature in the event of our failure to comply with certain reporting obligations is also considered an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation under ASC 815. However, due to the nature and terms of the reporting obligations, the value of the embedded derivative is immaterial. 
 The Exchange Transaction was accounted for as an extinguishment driven by the change in fair value of the embedded conversion option. We recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately million in connection with the Exchange Transaction during the year ended December 31, 2023, which represents the difference between the fair value and the principal amount of the 2030 Notes of the debt at the modification date, plus unamortized debt issuance costs of million related to the respective portion of the 2028 Notes. 
 We incurred issuance costs related to the 2030 Notes of approximately million, which were recorded as debt issuance costs and are presented as a reduction to the 2030 Notes on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the 2030 Notes, resulting in an effective interest rate of . We also paid accrued but unpaid interest of million on the 2028 Notes in connection with the Exchange Transaction on June 30, 2023. 
 We did not receive any cash proceeds from the Exchange Transaction. In exchange for issuing the 2030 Notes pursuant to the Exchange Transaction, we received and cancelled the exchanged 2028 Notes. Following the closing of the Exchange Transaction, million in aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes remained outstanding with terms unchanged. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Unamortized debt premium Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense 
 As of September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value (Level 2) of the 2030 Notes was million. The fair value of the 2030 Notes is estimated using a binomial lattice model that is primarily affected by the trading price of our common stock, market interest rates and volatility. 
 2028 Convertible Senior Notes 
 On February 9, 2021, we entered into an investment agreement (the Investment Agreement with SB Northstar LP SBN ), a subsidiary of SoftBank Group Corp., relating to the issuance and sale to SBN of million in aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes. The 2028 Notes were issued on February 16, 2021. As discussed above, in June 2023 we completed an exchange of million in aggregate principal amount of our 2028 Notes for million aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes, leaving approximately million in aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes outstanding. 
 The 2028 Notes are governed by an indenture (the 2028 Indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The 2028 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum. Interest on the 2028 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 and commenced on August 15, 2021. The 2028 Notes will mature on February 15, 2028, subject to earlier conversion, redemption or repurchase. 
 The 2028 Notes are convertible at the option of the holder at any time until the second scheduled trading day prior to the maturity date, including in connection with a redemption by the Company. The 2028 Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock based on an initial conversion rate of 22.9885 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2028 Notes (which is equal to an initial conversion price of per share of common stock), in each case subject to customary anti-dilution and other adjustments as a result of certain extraordinary transactions. Upon conversion of the 2028 Notes, we may elect to settle such conversion obligation in shares of our common stock, cash or a combination of shares of our common stock and cash. 
 On or after February 20, 2026, the 2028 Notes will be redeemable by the Company in the event that the closing sale price of our common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide the redemption notice at a redemption price of of the principal amount of such 2028 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (as defined in the 2028 Indenture), the holders of the 2028 Notes may require that we repurchase all or part of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes at a purchase price of par plus unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the maturity date. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 calendar days after the occurrence of such an event of default, consist exclusively of the right to receive additional interest on the 2028 Notes at a rate equal to (i) per annum of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes outstanding for each day during the first calendar days of the -day period after the occurrence of such an event of default during which such event of default is continuing (or, if earlier, the date on which such event of default is cured or waived) and (ii) per annum of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes outstanding for each day from, and including, the st calendar day to, and including, the th calendar day after the occurrence of such an event of default during which such event of default is continuing (or, if earlier, the date on which such event of default is cured or waived as provided for in the 2028 Indenture). On the st day after such event of default (if the event of default relating to our failure to comply with its obligations is not cured or waived prior to such st day), the 2028 Notes shall be subject to acceleration as provided for in the 2028 Indenture. 
 The 2028 Notes are accounted for in accordance with the authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. Under ASU 2020-06, the guidance requires that debt with an embedded conversion feature is accounted for in its entirety as a liability and no portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the convertible debt instrument is accounted for as attributable to the conversion feature unless the conversion feature is required to be accounted for separately as an embedded derivative or the conversion feature results in a substantial premium. The conversion feature of the 2028 Notes is not accounted for as an embedded derivative because it is considered to be indexed to our common stock, and the 2028 Notes were not issued at a premium; therefore, the 2028 Notes are accounted for in their entirety as a liability. Because we may elect to settle any conversions entirely in shares, and because settlement in shares is the default settlement method, the liability is classified as non-current. 
 The requirement to repurchase the 2028 Notes, including unpaid interest to the maturity date in the event of a Fundamental Change, is considered a put option for certain periods requiring bifurcation under ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging. However, given the low probability of such a Fundamental Change occurring during the applicable periods, the value of the embedded derivative is immaterial. 
 The additional interest feature in the event of our failure to comply with certain reporting obligations is also considered an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation under ASC 815. However, due to the nature and terms of the reporting obligations, the value of the embedded derivative is immaterial. 
 We incurred issuance costs related to the 2028 Notes of approximately million, which were recorded as debt issuance costs and are presented as a reduction to the 2028 Notes on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the 2028 Notes, resulting in an effective interest rate of . 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million. The fair value of the 2028 Notes is estimated using a binomial lattice model that is primarily affected by the trading price of our common stock, market interest rates and volatility. 
 As discussed below under Note 11. Subsequent Events , on November 7, 2024, we entered into an exchange agreement with SBN, pursuant to which we have agreed to exchange the remaining approximately million in aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes outstanding for million aggregate principal amount of notes due August 15, 2029 as well as the issuance of shares of common stock and million of cash. 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 Other costs Total restructuring charges (1) 
 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024, million was recorded in sales, general and administrative expense. 
 Cumulative charges incurred to date include million in sales, general and administrative expense; million in research and development expense; and million in cost of revenue. 
 Cumulative charges incurred to date include employee separation costs comprised of approximately million related to salaries, wages and other employee benefits paid to terminated employees pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act and approximately million of severance costs. 
 Other costs in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and cumulative charges incurred to date are primarily related to accelerated amortization and depreciation of million and million respectively, for the right-of-use asset, leasehold improvements, and furniture and fixtures relating to the abandonment of the San Diego office. We also incurred cumulative charges to date for excess inventory of million primarily relating to a decrease in internal demand resulting from the expense reduction initiatives which were recognized in cost of product revenues. The accelerated amortization and depreciation, which was recognized in sales, general and administrative expense, was determined as a result of the Company's change in estimate pertaining to its remaining useful life of the San Diego office utilizing the estimated date on which it planned to abandon the San Diego office. The lease liability pertaining to the San Diego office was also remeasured during the three months ended June 30, 2024 resulting in a reduction in the operating lease liability balance of million, which was offset against the right-of-use asset on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. We fully exited our San Diego office in September 2024. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Cash paid during YTD 2024 ) ) ) Amount recorded in current liabilities as of September 30, 2024 Estimated total restructuring costs to still be incurred 
 The table above excludes noncash activities and amounts incurred relating to the San Diego office lease liability. The ending balance of the San Diego office lease liability as of September 30, 2024 is million, and is included in operating lease liabilities, current on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The other restructuring costs are expected to be incurred and paid by the end of 2025. 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 additional liability associated with such indemnification obligations has been recorded as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 N OTE 8. 
 million shares of our common stock for issuance pursuant to equity awards granted under the 2020 Plan. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had million shares remaining and available for future issuance under the 2020 Plan, Inducement Plan, and the Omniome Plan. Shares remaining and available for future issuance reflect shares that may become eligible to vest upon the achievement of maximum targets for certain equity awards. 
 Refer to Note 10 Stockholders' Equity , in Part II, Item 8 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for more information on the Company's equity plans . 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Canceled ) Expired 
 ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Restricted Stock Units RSU and Performance Stock Units ("PSU") 
 We issue RSUs for which the respective shares vest when the requisite service period is achieved. We issue PSUs for which the number of shares issuable is based on performance relative to specified revenue targets and continued employment through the vesting period. These PSU shares are issuable following the third year of the performance period. Maximum achievement of the revenue goal under the PSUs will result in up to of the target number of shares subject to the PSUs to become eligible to vest, while not meeting the minimum achievement of the revenue goal under the PSUs will result in no shares subject to the PSUs becoming eligible to vest. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP 
 Shares issued under our ESPP wer e and durin g the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In the first quarter of 2024, an additional million shares were reserved under the ESPP. As of September 30, 2024, million shares of our common stock remain avai lable for issuance under our ESPP. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development Sales, general and administrative Total share-based compensation expense 
 Determining Fair Value 
 We estimate the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes valuation method and a single option award approach. When determining the current share prices underlying the stock options for calculating the grant-date fair value, we reference the observable market prices of our stock. This fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting period. The fair market value of RSUs and PSUs granted is the closing price of our shares on the date of grant and is generally recognized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the respective vesting period. For shares purchased under our ESPP, we estimate the grant-date fair value, and the resulting share-based compensation expense, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. We estimate forfeitures of stock options, RSUs and shares purchased under our ESPP which is utilized to determine the compensation expense to be recorded over the requisite service period. 
 Expected Term - The expected term used in the Black-Scholes valuation method represents the period that the stock options are expected to be outstanding and is determined based on historical experience of similar awards, considering the contractual terms of the stock options and vesting schedules. 
 Expected Volatility - The expected volatility used in the Black-Scholes valuation method is derived from the implied volatility related to our share price over the expected term. 
 Expected Dividend - We have never paid dividends on our shares and, accordingly, the dividend yield percentage is for all periods. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate - The risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes valuation method is the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury constant maturities issued with a term equivalent to the expected terms. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Expected volatility - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Dividend yield Weighted average grant date fair value per share 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 Dividend yield Weighted average grant date fair value per share 
 
 NOTE 9.) ) ) ) Denominator: Basic Weighted average shares used in computing basic net loss per share Basic net loss per share ) ) ) ) Diluted Weighted average shares used in computing diluted net loss per share Diluted net loss per share ) ) ) ) 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Awards 
 See Note 2. Business Acquisitions for detailed information on contingently issuable shares due upon achievement of a milestone. See Note 8. Stockholders Equity for detailed information on equity awards. 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia-Pacific Total 
 Consumable revenue Product revenue Service and other revenue Total revenue 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes outstanding for million aggregate principal amount of notes due August 15, 2029 (the 2029 Notes as well as the issuance of shares of common stock (the Exchange Shares and million of cash. The exchange and issuances are expected to close on or about November 21, 2024 (the Closing Date ). The 2029 Notes, the Exchange Shares, and shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the 2029 Notes are subject to certain lock-up restrictions for a period (the Lock-Up Period beginning on the Closing Date of the Exchange Transaction; the lock-up restrictions will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of any change in control of the Company. 
 Upon any conversion of the 2029 Notes, SBN will not be entitled to be issued a number of shares of the Company s common stock which would cause SBN's beneficial ownership of common stock to exceed either of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock or of the combined voting power of all of the securities of the Company, in each case, following such conversion. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 per annum. Interest on the 2029 Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 and will commence on the Closing Date. The 2029 Notes will mature on August 15, 2029, subject to earlier conversion, redemption or repurchase. 
 The 2029 Notes will be convertible at the option of the holder at any time from the expiration of the Lock-Up Period until the second scheduled trading day prior to the maturity date, including in connection with a redemption by the Company. The 2029 Notes will be convertible into shares of our common stock based on an initial conversion rate of 204.5157 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2029 Notes (which is equal to an initial conversion price of per share of common stock), in each case subject to customary anti-dilution and other adjustments as a result of certain extraordinary transactions. Upon conversion of the 2029 Notes, we may elect to settle such conversion obligation in shares of our common stock, cash or a combination of shares of our common stock and cash. 
 On or after August 20, 2027, the 2029 Notes will be redeemable by the Company in the event that the closing sale price of our common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide the redemption notice at a redemption price of of the principal amount of such 2029 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (as defined in the 2029 Indenture), the holders of the 2029 Notes may require that we repurchase all or part of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes at a purchase price of par plus unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the maturity date. 
 The 2029 Notes will be subject to certain debt and lien covenants as well as springing guarantees, in each case, the terms of which will to be set forth in a second letter agreement between the Company and SBN to be entered into in connection with the Indenture. 
 The 2029 Indenture will include customary events of default, which may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the 2029 Notes under the 2029 Indenture. The 2029 Indenture will also include customary covenants for convertible notes of this type. 
 To the extent we elect, the sole remedy for an event of default relating to our failure to comply with certain of our reporting obligations will, for the first calendar days after the occurrence of such an event of default, consist exclusively of the right to receive additional interest on the 2029 Notes at a rate equal to (i) per annum of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes outstanding for each day during the first calendar days of the -day period after the occurrence of such an event of default during which such event of default is continuing (or, if earlier, the date on which such event of default is cured or waived) and (ii) per annum of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes outstanding for each day from, and including, the st calendar day to, and including, the th calendar day after the occurrence of such an event of default during which such event of default is continuing (or, if earlier, the date on which such event of default is cured or waived as provided for in the 2029 Indenture). On the st day after such event of default (if the event of default relating to our failure to comply with its obligations is not cured or waived prior to such st day), the 2029 Notes will be subject to acceleration as will be provided for in the 2029 Indenture. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with (i) the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and (ii) our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on February 28, 2024. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs that involve risks and uncertainties. The words anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, might, plans, potential, predicts, projects, seeks, should, target, will, would and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. In preparing this MD A, we presume that readers have access to and have read the MD A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Instruction 2 to paragraph (b) of Item 303 of Regulation S-K. 
 Our Management s Discussion and Analysis (MD A) is organized into the following sections: 
 Overview and Outlook 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Overview and Outlook 
 About PacBio 
 We are a premier life science technology company that is designing, developing, and manufacturing advanced sequencing solutions that enable scientists and clinical researchers to improve their understanding of the genome and ultimately, resolve genetically complex problems. 
 Our products and technology under development stem from two highly differentiated core technologies focused on accuracy, quality, and completeness, which include our HiFi long-read sequencing technology and our Sequencing by Binding (SBB) short-read sequencing technology. Our products address solutions across a broad set of applications including human genetics, plant and animal sciences, infectious disease and microbiology, oncology, and other emerging applications. Long-read sequencing was recognized by the journal Nature Methods as its method of the year for 2022 for its contributions to biological understanding and future potential. 
 Our focus is on creating some of the world's most advanced sequencing systems to provide our customers with the most complete and accurate view of genomes, transcriptomes, and epigenomes. 
 Our customers include academic and governmental research institutions, commercial testing and service laboratories, genome centers, public health labs, hospitals and clinical research institutes, contract research organizations (CROs), pharmaceutical companies, and agricultural companies. 
 Strategic Objectives 
 Our 2024 strategic objectives are to: 
 Improve commercial execution to drive adoption of both the Revio and Onso TM platforms; 
 Continue the development of our Vega TM benchtop long-read and high throughput short-read platforms; 
 Improve our gross margin and drive manufacturing efficiencies; and 
 Reduce annualized run-rate operating expenses. 
 We will continue to leverage our commercial organization and significantly improve our products' efficiency and usability to seek to reach a broader customer base. We believe the commercial investments we have recently made will further help drive growth in our business. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 To increase the adoption of HiFi sequencing, we have various development programs in progress to expand our product portfolio, increase the throughput, and improve the usability of our existing sequencing solutions. We continue to focus on programs to accelerate new platform launches in the near to mid-term as well as increase applications for our technologies. We commenced commercial shipments of Revio, our new HiFi long-read sequencing system, in the first quarter of 2023. To address the oncology research markets with a highly differentiated alternative to existing third-party short-read sequencing products already on the market, we commenced customer shipments of the Onso short-read sequencing instrument in August 2023. In November 2024, we announced the Vega system, our first benchtop long-read sequencing platform. We began taking orders in the fourth quarter of 2024 with shipments expected to commence in the first quarter of 2025. 
 We continue to believe that with the capabilities of our HiFi chemistry and SMRT technology, we can be a market leader in whole-genome clinical sequencing. Leading institutions have adopted our products to study rare and inherited disease. We believe the market opportunity for clinical sequencing is significant and could drive substantial revenue growth for us. We plan to continue to pursue collaborations where the technologies being developed or applications being considered extend beyond whole-genome clinical sequencing. Collaborative arrangements add to the awareness of our products and service offerings and may drive new applications for use of our technology. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we announced plans to reduce annualized run-rate operating expenses by the end of 2024, with the intent of better aligning our organizational structure and resources with our strategic initiatives. Our expense reduction initiatives include workforce reductions, facilities downsizing and a refined pipeline of development programs. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred approximately 24.7 million of restructuring charges primarily related to employee separation costs, accelerated amortization and depreciation for right-of-use assets, leasehold improvements, and furniture and fixtures relating to the abandonment of the San Diego office, as well as charges for excess inventory due to a decrease in internal demand relating to the expense reduction initiatives. We also expect to incur approximately 2.1 million in additional costs through 2025. See Note 6. Restructuring in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 Financial Overview 
 Key highlights of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consolidated financial results include the following: 
 Revenue decreased to 114.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 142.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Revenue was comprised of 50.5 million in instrument revenue, 51.6 million in consumables revenue and 12.7 million in service and other revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Revenue was comprised of 85.3 million in instrument revenue, 44.6 million in consumables revenue and 12.3 million in service and other revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower Revio unit sales, which was partially offset by higher consumable sales. While we do not expect Vega to meaningfully impact Revio sales, we are mindful that there may be some cases where potential customers take more time to assess our new offerings, which may prolong some sales cycles. 
 Gross profit decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to the decrease in revenue described above, 4.4 million of restructuring charges, and an increase of 6.6 million in amortization of acquired intangible assets, partially offset by lower inventory adjustments. While we anticipate continued reduction in the production cost of the Revio platform, we expect to begin to realize these additional savings in 2025. Gross margins may also be affected by product mix, manufacturing efficiencies, warranty cost improvements, average selling price fluctuations, and future product launches. We expect Vega to be accretive to our gross margin as we scale the platform in 2025. 
 Loss from operations increased 74.4 million to 321.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 246.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Operating expenses increased 58.4 million primarily driven by a 93.2 million goodwill impairment charge, 20.3 million of restructuring charges, and a 12.6 million increase in amortization of acquired intangible assets, partially offset by a 12.9 million decrease in the change in the fair value of the contingent consideration and a decrease in research and development expenses. 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments were 471.1 million at September 30, 2024, which represents a 25 decrease compared to the balance at December 31, 2023. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The median sales cycle for Revio instrument purchases continues to be longer than expected. We believe this has been caused by, among other reasons, the uncertainty surrounding the funding for new capital equipment; procurement delays, particularly in the Asia-Pacific and Europe regions; small-to-mid-size existing customers yet to increase their sample volumes to drive an upgrade to Revio; new customers, which have shown they have longer sales cycles compared to existing PacBio customers; and sample volumes materializing slower than expected for some potential Revio customers. 
 We believe our consumables revenue was also impacted primarily by slower-than-expected ramp-up in sequencing by our small- to mid-sized customers, many of whom are new to PacBio; sample delays impacting sequencing volume at certain large customers; and some service providers in China operating at lower utilization as a result of the difficult funding environment. 
 Macroeconomic dynamics impacting the Company in the future may include rising inflation, geopolitical tensions, volatile capital markets, and fluctuating exchange rates. These factors could continue to impact our revenues and results of operations in future periods; however, the magnitude and duration of these impacts is uncertain and inherently unpredictable. 
 On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our significant estimates, including those related to the valuation of indefinite-lived and finite-lived assets. However, these estimates could change in future periods based on events or changes in circumstances, which could result in material impairment charges. We recorded a 93.2 million goodwill impairment charge in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See additional discussion below in Results of Operations, as well as Note 4. Balance Sheet Components in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. Additionally, refer to the Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further discussion on the Company's asset impairment assessments. 
 See the Risk Factors section for further discussion. 
 Recent Developments 
 Product Announcements 
 On November 6, 2024, we announced a new sequencing platform, Vega. 
 Vega is a new benchtop long-read sequencing system that delivers the functionality of the Revio system, our high-throughput long-read sequencer, into a compact, lower-throughput benchtop platform that is designed for researchers adopting long-read sequencing across a variety of applications, including targeted sequencing, RNA sequencing, and small genome sequencing. 
 2028 Convertible Senior Notes Exchange 
 As discussed in Note 11. Subsequent Events in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, on November 7, 2024, we entered into an exchange agreement with SBN, pursuant to which we have agreed to exchange the remaining approximately 459.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes outstanding for 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2029 Notes as well as the issuance of 20,451,570 shares of common stock and 50.0 million of cash. The exchange and issuances are expected to close on or about November 21, 2024. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change Revenue: Product revenue 35,296 51,562 (16,266) (32 Service and other revenue 4,671 4,129 542 13 Total revenue 39,967 55,691 (15,724) (28 Cost of Revenue: Cost of product revenue 23,278 33,551 (10,273) (31) Cost of service and other revenue 3,484 4,054 (570) (14 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
 3,201 184 3,017 1640 Total cost of revenue 29,963 37,789 (7,826) (21 Gross profit 10,004 17,902 (7,898) (44 Operating Expense: Research and development 25,516 47,514 (21,998) (46) Sales, general and administrative 43,746 43,431 315 1 Merger-related expenses 8,979 (8,979) (100 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 3,649 741 2,908 392 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 1,170 (271) 1,441 (532) Total operating expense 74,081 100,394 (26,313) (26 Operating loss (64,077) (82,492) 18,415 (22) Interest expense (3,538) (3,588) 50 (1) Other income, net 6,890 8,505 (1,615) (19 Loss before benefit from income taxes (60,725) (77,575) 16,850 (22 Benefit from income taxes (10,706) 10,706 (100 Net loss (60,725) (66,869) 6,144 (9 
 Revenue 
 Revenue decreased 15.7 million, or 28 to 40.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 55.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Instrument revenue decreased 17.9 million, or 52 , to 16.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 34.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the sale of 22 Revio systems during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 52 Revio systems during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Consumables revenue increased 1.6 million, or 10 , to 18.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 16.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher Revio consumables sales attributable to the growth in the Revio instrument installed base, partially offset by a decline in Sequel II and IIe consumables as customers transition to Revio. We expect Revio consumable sales to increase as the installed base grows. While we expect to see a decline in Sequel II and IIe consumable sales resulting from the product transition, there is uncertainty as to the rate at which these sales will decline. 
 Service and other revenue increased 0.5 million, or 13 , to 4.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 4.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Cost of product revenue decreased 10.3 million, or 31 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily driven by the decrease in revenue described above. Cost of revenue included amortization attributable to acquired intangible assets of 3.2 million that are related to sales generating activities. Cost of revenue included share-based compensation expense of 1.2 million and 1.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Gross profit decreased 7.9 million, or 44 , to 10.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 17.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin was 25 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to gross margin of 32 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in revenue described above and an increase in amortization of acquired intangible assets. We anticipate continued reduction in the production cost of the Revio platform, which we expect to realize in 2025. Gross margins may also be affected by product mix, manufacturing efficiencies, warranty cost improvements, average selling price fluctuations, and future product launches. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Research and development expense decreased by 22.0 million, or 46 , to 25.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 47.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in personnel and related expenses due to restructuring activities, as well as the transition of launched products from development to commercialization. Research and development expense included share-based compensation expense of 4.7 million and 6.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Sales, General and Administrative Expense 
 Sales, general and administrative expense increased by 0.3 million, or 1 , to 43.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 43.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Restructuring charges of approximately 6.9 million were primarily offset by a decrease in personnel expenses. We expect to incur an additional 2.1 million of remaining estimated restructuring costs through 2025. Sales, general, and administrative expense included share-based compensation expense of 12.3 million and 12.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Merger-Related Expenses 
 Merger-related expenses of 9.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023 consist of 4.9 million of transaction costs arising from the acquisition of Apton, 2.8 million of compensation expense resulting from the liquidity event bonus plan in connection with the Apton acquisition, and 1.3 million of share-based compensation expense resulting from the acceleration of certain equity awards in connection with the Apton acquisition. We recognized 1.3 million of share-based compensation expense for the acceleration that was not attributable to pre-combination services. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration during the three months ended September 30, 2024, represents the remeasurement impact of the Apton contingent consideration due upon the achievement of the milestone. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration during the three months ended September 30, 2023, represents the remeasurement impact of the Omniome contingent consideration liability of approximately 200 million that was due upon the achievement of a milestone. 
 Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets included in operating expenses of 3.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 consists of amortization expense attributable to acquired intangible assets that are not directly related to sales generating activities. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 3.5 million compared to 3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and was primarily comprised of interest on the convertible senior notes. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 6.9 million compared to 8.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by lower investment income due to lower cash and investment balances. 
 Benefit from Income Taxes 
 A deferred income tax benefit of 10.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 is related to the release of the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets due to the recognition of deferred tax liabilities in connection with the Apton acquisition. We maintain a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets of our U.S. entities as we have concluded that it is more likely than not that we will not realize our deferred tax assets. Accordingly, this benefit from income taxes is reflected on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change Revenue: Product revenue 102,051 129,871 (27,820) (21) Service and other revenue 12,739 12,293 446 4 Total revenue 114,790 142,164 (27,374) (19) Cost of Revenue: Cost of product revenue 68,808 87,147 (18,339) (21) Cost of service and other revenue 10,588 11,258 (670) (6) Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
 7,172 550 6,622 1204 Loss on purchase commitment 
 998 998 Total cost of revenue 87,566 98,955 (11,389) (12) Gross profit 27,224 43,209 (15,985) (37) Operating Expense: Research and development 107,456 142,626 (35,170) (25) Sales, general and administrative 133,376 123,822 9,554 8 Goodwill impairment 93,200 93,200 Merger-related expenses 8,979 (8,979) (100) Amortization of acquired intangible assets 13,377 741 12,636 1705 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 1,100 13,960 (12,860) (92) Total operating expense 348,509 290,128 58,381 20 Operating loss (321,285) (246,919) (74,366) 30 Loss on extinguishment of debt (2,033) 2,033 (100) Interest expense (10,655) (10,772) 117 (1) Other income, net 19,718 24,301 (4,583) (19) Loss before benefit from income taxes (312,222) (235,423) (76,799) 33 Benefit from income taxes (10,706) 10,706 (100) Net loss (312,222) (224,717) (87,505) 39 
 Revenue 
 Revenue decreased 27.4 million, or 19 , to 114.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 142.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Instrument revenue decreased 34.8 million, or 41 , to 50.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 85.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the sale of 74 Revio systems during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 129 Revio systems during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Consumables revenue increased 7.0 million, or 16 , to 51.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 44.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in consumable sales was primarily due to higher Revio consumables sales attributable to the growth in the Revio instrument installed base, partially offset by a decline in Sequel II and IIe consumables as customers transition to Revio. We expect Revio consumable sales to increase as the installed base grows. While we expect to see a decline in Sequel II and IIe consumable sales resulting from the product transition, there is uncertainty as to the rate at which these sales will decline. 
 Service and other revenue increased 0.4 million, or 4 to 12.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 12.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Cost of product revenue decreased 18.3 million, or 21 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily driven by the decrease in revenue described above and lower inventory adjustments, partially offset by restructuring charges of 4.4 million, including charges for excess inventory due to a decrease in internal demand relating to the expense reduction initiatives during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Cost of revenue included amortization attributable to acquired intangible assets of 7.2 million and 0.6 million that are related to sales generating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cost of revenue included share-based compensation expense of 4.5 million and 4.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Gross profit decreased 16.0 million, or 37 , to 27.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 43.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin was 24 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to gross margin of 30 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in revenue described above, restructuring charges, and an increase of 6.6 million in amortization of acquired intangible assets, partially offset by lower inventory adjustments. We anticipate continued reduction in the production cost of the Revio platform, which we expect to realize in 2025. Gross margins may also be affected by product mix, manufacturing efficiencies, warranty cost improvements, average selling price fluctuations, and future product launches. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Research and development expense decreased by 35.2 million, or 25 , to 107.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 142.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in personnel and related expenses due to restructuring activities, as well as the transition of products from development to commercialization. We incurred restructuring charges of 5.9 million, primarily related to employee separation benefits during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Research and development expense included share-based compensation expense of 15.1 million and 18.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Sales, General and Administrative Expense 
 Sales, general and administrative expense increased by 9.6 million, or 8 , to 133.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 123.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by restructuring charges of 14.4 million, primarily related to employee separation benefits and lease-related costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by a decrease in personnel expenses. We expect to incur an additional 2.1 million of remaining estimated restructuring costs through 2025. Sales, general, and administrative expense included share-based compensation expense of 35.4 million and 33.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Merger-Related Expenses 
 Merger-related expenses of 9.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consist of 4.9 million of transaction costs arising from the acquisition of Apton, 2.8 million of compensation expense resulting from the liquidity event bonus plan in connection with the Apton acquisition, and 1.3 million of share-based compensation expense resulting from the acceleration of certain equity awards in connection with the Apton acquisition. We recognized 1.3 million of share-based compensation expense for the acceleration that was not attributable to pre-combination services. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Based primarily on the sustained decrease in our stock price during the second quarter and overall market capitalization as of the end of the second quarter of 2024, as well as other factors, we concluded that there was an indication that the fair value of the reporting unit might be less than it s carrying amount and performed an interim impairment test on goodwill. The interim impairment test showed the reporting unit's carrying amount exceeded fair value. As a result, we recorded a 93.2 million goodwill impairment charge for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, mainly due to the decline in the stock price and changes in the timing of expected future cash flows as compared to our initial long-term plan due to continued impact of longer than expected median sales cycles resulting from various factors. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets included in operating expenses of 13.4 million and 0.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively consists of amortization expense attributable to acquired intangible assets that are not directly related to sales generating activities. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, represents the remeasurement impact of the Apton contingent consideration due upon the achievement of the milestone. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, represents the remeasurement impact of the Omniome contingent consideration liability of approximately 200 million that was due upon the achievement of a milestone. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt of 2.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, represents the loss resulting from the difference in the fair value of the 2030 Notes and the principal, in addition to the write-off of the unamortized debt issuance costs on the portion of the 2028 Notes that were exchanged as part of the debt modification during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 10.7 million compared to 10.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and was primarily comprised of interest on the convertible senior notes. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 19.7 million compared to 24.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by lower investment income due to lower cash and investment balances. 
 Benefit from Income Taxes 
 A deferred income tax benefit of 10.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is related to the release of the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets due to the recognition of deferred tax liabilities in connection with the Apton acquisition. We maintain a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets of our U.S. entities as we have concluded that it is more likely than not that we will not realize our deferred tax assets. Accordingly, this benefit from income taxes is reflected on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of 471.1 million compared to 631.4 million as of December 31, 2023. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to fund our projected operating requirements beyond the next 12 months from the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity, other than our holdings of cash, cash equivalents, and investments, have primarily been through the issuance of debt or equity securities, together with cash flow from operating activities. We have historically incurred, and expect to continue to incur, operating losses and generate negative cash flows from operations on an annual basis, and as a result, we may require additional capital resources to execute our strategic initiatives to grow our business. 
 We approved and began implementing certain efficiency and expense reduction initiatives in the second quarter of 2024. These expense reduction initiatives include workforce reductions, facilities downsizing and a refined pipeline of development programs and are expected to reduce annualized run-rate operating expenses by the end of 2024. 
 Factors that may affect our capital needs include, but are not limited to, the pace of adoption of our products, which affects the sales of our products and services; our ability to efficiently manage our operations; the effectiveness of our expense reduction initiatives; our ability to obtain new collaboration and customer arrangements and maintain existing collaborations and arrangements; the progress of our research and development programs; initiation, expansion, or funding of research programs and collaborations; the purchase of patent licenses; the impact of product quality; litigation costs, including the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing intellectual property rights; costs of developing new and enhanced products; acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies or assets; achievement of milestones in connection with acquisitions; and other factors. There can be no assurance that funds will be available on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 In connection with the acquisition of Apton, we entered into an arrangement where we are obligated to pay former holders of Apton's outstanding equity interests 25.0 million upon the achievement of 50.0 million in revenue associated with a high throughput sequencer using Apton's technology, provided that the milestone event occurs prior to the five-year anniversary of the closing date of the acquisition, which we may elect to pay in cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock. See Note 2. Business Acquisitions in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 2028 Convertible Senior Notes Exchange 
 As discussed above under Recent Developments , on November 7, 2024, we entered into an exchange agreement with SBN, pursuant to which we have agreed to exchange the remaining approximately 459.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes outstanding for 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2029 Notes as well as the issuance of 20,451,570 shares of common stock and 50.0 million of cash. The exchange and issuances are expected to close on or about November 21, 2024. 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash used in operating activities (175,408) (201,613) Cash provided by investing activities 65,766 71,179 Cash provided by financing activities 7,213 190,493 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (102,429) 60,059 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Activities 
 Our primary uses of cash in operating activities include the development of future products and product enhancements, manufacturing, and support functions related to our sales, general and administrative activities. 
 Cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 175.4 million was due primarily to a 312.2 million net loss that included non-cash items such as a goodwill impairment charge of 93.2 million, share-based compensation of 55.0 million, amortization of acquired intangible assets of 20.6 million, depreciation expense of 10.9 million and amortization of right-of-use assets of 10.9 million. This was offset by the accretion of discount and amortization of premium on marketable securities, net of 10.7 million and 48.9 million in net changes to operating assets and liabilities. Cash flow impact from changes in net operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in inventory, as well as decreases in accrued expenses and operating lease liabilities. These uses of cash were partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable. 
 Cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 201.6 million was due primarily to a 224.7 million net loss that included non-cash items such as share-based compensation of 55.5 million, change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration of 14.0 million, depreciation expense of 8.5 million, amortization of right-of-use assets of 4.9 million, inventory provisions of 4.7 million, merger-related compensation expense of 3.4 million, and loss on extinguishment of debt of 2.0 million. This was offset by deferred income taxes of 10.7 million, the accretion of discount and amortization of premium on marketable securities, net of 10.1 million, and 51.2 million in net changes to operating assets and liabilities. Cash flow impact from changes in net operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by increases in inventory, accounts receivable and prepaid and other assets, as well as decreases in operating lease liabilities, deferred revenue, other liabilities and the contingent consideration liability. These uses of cash were partially offset by an increase in accrued expenses and accounts payable. 
 Investing Activities 
 Our investing activities consist primarily of capital expenditures and investment purchases, sales, and maturities. 
 Cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from 488.5 million of maturities and sales of investments partially offset by 418.2 million in purchases of investments and 4.6 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 Cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was due to 631.8 million of maturities and sales of investments offset by 553.7 million in purchases of investments, 6.8 million in purchases of property and equipment, and 0.1 million of cash paid for the Apton acquisition, net of cash acquired. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted primarily from 7.7 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock through our equity compensation plans. 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from 189.2 million in net proceeds related to the issuance of common stock from the underwritten public equity offering and 14.4 million from the issuance of common stock through our equity compensation plans partially offset by 7.3 million from the payment of debt issuance costs and 4.4 million from the payment of contingent consideration. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations 
 We presented our contractual obligations at December 31, 2023 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year then ended. There were no material changes outside the ordinary course of business to our contractual obligations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We evaluate our critical accounting policies and estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 There have been no changes to our significant accounting policies as disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Please see Note 1. Organization and Significant Accounting Policies , subsection titled Recent Accounting Pronouncements , in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding applicable recent accounting pronouncements. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into standard indemnification arrangements. Pursuant to these arrangements, we indemnify, hold harmless, and agree to reimburse the indemnified parties for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party in connection with any trade secret, copyright, patent or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third party with respect to its technology, or from claims relating to our performance or non-performance under a contract, any defective products supplied by us, or any acts or omissions, or willful misconduct, committed by us or any of our employees, agents or representatives. The term of these indemnification agreements is generally perpetual after the execution of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these agreements is not determinable because it involves claims that may be made against us in future periods but have not yet been made. To date, we have not incurred costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements. 
 We also enter and have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and officers that may require us to indemnify them against liabilities that arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers, except as prohibited by applicable law. In addition, we may have obligations to hold harmless and indemnify third parties involved with our fundraising efforts and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents or other representatives against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities related to claims arising against such parties pursuant to the terms of agreements entered into between us and such third parties in connection with such fundraising efforts. To the extent that such indemnification obligations apply to the lawsuits described in Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, any associated expenses incurred are included within the related accrued litigation expense amounts. No additional liability associated with such indemnification agreements has been recorded as of September 30, 2024. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate and Market Risk 
 The 2030 Notes and 2028 Notes have fixed annual interest rates of 1.375 and 1.50 , respectively, and accordingly we do not have any economic interest rate exposure or financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. The 2029 Notes will also have a fixed annual interest rate of 1.50 .The fair value of the notes, however, may fluctuate when interest rates and the market price of our stock changes. See Note 5. Convertible Senior Notes in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we invested in cash equivalents, U.S. government and agency securities, U.S. Treasury securities, and corporate debt securities which were designated as cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments. Our cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities as of September 30, 2024 was 471.1 million. 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio comprised of marketable securities. We invest in a number of securities including U.S. government and agency securities, U.S. Treasury securities, and corporate debt securities and money market funds. We attempt to ensure the safety and preservation of our invested principal funds by limiting default risk, market risk and reinvestment risk. We mitigate default risk by investing in high grade investment securities. The fair market value of our fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted by increases in interest rates while income earned may decline as a result of decreases in interest rates. A hypothetical 100 basis-point (one percentage point) increase or decrease in interest rates compared to rates at September 30, 2024 would have affected the fair value of our investment portfolio by approximately 2.4 million. 
 There have been no other material changes in market risk from the information provided in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and our Chief Accounting Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer to determine whether any change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. There were no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 U.S. District Court Proceedings 
 On September 26, 2019, Personal Genomics of Taiwan, Inc. PGI filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against us for patent infringement (C.A. No. 19-cv-1810) (the PGI District Court matter ). The matter from this complaint is based on PGI s U.S. Patent No. 7,767,441 (the 441 Patent ). The complaint alleges that our Sequel systems and Sequel II systems infringe the 441 Patent. The complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages and an order enjoining us from infringing the 441 Patent. On November 20, 2019, we filed our answer to the complaint, denying infringement and seeking declaratory judgments of non-infringement and invalidity of the 441 Patent. 
 On June 22, 2020, we filed a petition requesting institution of an inter-partes review ("IPR") to the Patent Trial and Appeals Board (the Board at the United States Patent Office (IPR2020-01163) requesting the Board to find a set of claims in the 441 Patent invalid. On June 27, 2020, we filed a second petition (IPR2020-01200) requesting institution of an IPR requesting the Board to find another set of claims in the 441 Patent invalid. The two petitions (the PacBio IPR Petitions together asserted that all of the claims relevant to the PGI complaint are invalid. On January 19, 2021, the Board ordered that both PacBio IPR Petitions be instituted on all grounds presented. On January 18, 2022, the Board issued decisions on the two IPRs. In one IPR, all challenged claims were found unpatentable, including PGI s core device claims. In the second IPR, the Board did not find the disputed claims unpatentable. PGI and PacBio each appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, which affirmed both IPR decisions on January 9, 2024. 
 On August 25, 2020, the court ordered a stay of the PGI District Court matter based on a joint stipulation by the parties pending a final written decision on the IPRs. Following the final written decisions on the IPRs described above, on February 2, 2022, the judge ordered that the PGI District Court matter be reopened. However, in a subsequent order dated September 15, 2022, the judge stayed the PGI District Court matter pending a final decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit regarding the appeal described above. On February 26, 2024, we moved to transfer the case from the District of Delaware to the Northern District of California and that motion was granted on June 18, 2024. On March 18, 2024, the parties filed a joint status report in which PGI requested the Court set a revised scheduling order and we requested grant of our motion to transfer and proposed an alternate scheduling order. A case management conference was held on October 10, 2024 and the Court set a trial date of October 5, 2026. We plan to vigorously defend against the remaining claims. 
 On December 14, 2022, Take2 Technologies, Ltd. ("Take2") and the Chinese University of Hong Kong CUHK filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for Delaware against us alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 11,091,794 (the 794 Patent (C.A. No. 22- cv-01595) (the "Take2 District Court matter"). The complaint alleges that our Sequel II systems, Sequel IIe systems, and Revio systems that operate version 11.0 or later of the SMRT Link software, infringe the 794 Patent. The complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages and an order enjoining us from infringing the 794 Patent. We filed a motion to dismiss on February 14, 2023, which was denied on March 25, 2024. We also filed a motion to transfer the case from the District of Delaware to the Northern District of California which was granted on August 2, 2023. The case was transferred on August 16, 2023 (C.A. No. 5:23-cv-04166). Take2 filed a motion to disqualify our in-house legal department from representing PacBio in the district court action on September 20, 2023. We opposed Take2 s disqualification motion on October 4, 2023. An oral hearing on the disqualification motion was held on October 26, 2023 and the court issued orders on November 6 and December 4 of 2023 partially granting the motion. While some members of the in-house legal department were disqualified, General Counsel for PacBio was not disqualified and continues to represent PacBio in the Take2 District Court matter. We filed a petition for inter partes review at the Board (IPR2024-00028) challenging the validity of all claims of the 794 patent on October 17, 2023. The CUHK filed a preliminary response to the petition on January 26, 2024. On April 22, 2024, we filed our answer to the complaint, denying infringement and seeking declaratory judgments of non-infringement and invalidity of the 794 Patent. On April 24, 2024, the Board granted institution of IPR2024-00028 on the validity of all claims of the 794 patent. The CUHK filed a response to the petition and institution decision on July 26, 2024. PacBio s reply to CUHK s response is due October 28, 2024. On May 2, 2024, the parties filed a joint stipulation and proposed order to stay the Take2 District Court matter pending inter partes review. On May 3, 2024, the Court granted the motion to stay, and the case currently remains stayed. We intend to vigorously defend in this matter. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Proceedings in China 
 On May 12, 2020, PGI filed a complaint in the Wuhan Intermediate People s Court in China alleging infringement of one or more claims of China patent No. CN101743321B (the CN321 Patent ), which is related to the 441 Patent. On November 23, 2020 we filed an Invalidation Petition at the China National Intellectual Property Administration (CNIPA) demonstrating the invalidity of the claims in the CN321 Patent on grounds of insufficient disclosure, and the lack of support, essential technical features, clarity, novelty, and inventiveness. A hearing in the invalidation proceeding at the CNIPA was held on April 29, 2021. On September 2, 2021, the CNIPA issued its decision on the Invalidation Petition and determined that all claims (1-61) of the CN321 patent were invalid. On December 1, 2021, PGI filed an appeal with the Beijing IP Court, contesting the CNIPA decision, and the hearing was held on August 9, 2023. The Beijing IP Court issued a ruling maintaining the CNIPA s invalidation decision on November 19, 2023. PGI appealed to the Supreme People s Court on December 25, 2023. We filed a petition with the Wuhan Intermediate People s court requesting dismissal of the infringement action based on the CNIPA invalidation decision, and PGI filed a petition to withdraw its complaint. The Wuhan Intermediate People s court granted PGI s petition and dismissed the infringement action in May 2022. 
 Other Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may also be involved in a variety of other claims, lawsuits, investigations, and proceedings relating to securities laws, product liability, patent infringement, contract disputes, employment, and other matters that arise in the normal course of our business. In addition, third parties may, from time to time, assert claims against us in the form of letters and other communications. 
 We record a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. We currently do not believe that the ultimate outcome of any of the matters described above is probable or reasonably estimable, or that these matters will have a material adverse effect on our business; however, the results of litigation and claims are inherently unpredictable. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of litigation and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in our public filings with the SEC, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, any worsening of the economic environment may exacerbate the risks described below, any of which could have a material impact on us. This situation is changing rapidly, and additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of currently. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Such risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks related to: 
 our ability to successfully market, commercialize, and sell current and future products and related maintenance services; 
 our ability to achieve profitability for our business; 
 our ability to implement our expense reduction initiatives; 
 our ability to repay our debt and fund our long-term operations; 
 our ability to successfully leverage and integrate our acquisitions and future acquisitions; 
 our ability to successfully research, develop and timely manufacture our current and future products; 
 management of new product introductions and transitions, resultant costs, and ability of new products to generate promised performance; 
 recent significant changes to our leadership team and resultant disruptions to our business; 
 retention, recruitment, and training of senior management, key personnel, scientists and engineers; 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to further penetrate nucleic acid sequencing applications, as well as grow product demand; 
 our reliance on outsourcing to other companies for manufacturing certain components and sub-assemblies, some of which are sole-sourced; 
 our ability to consistently manufacture our instruments and consumables to meet customers specifications, quantity, cost, or performance requirements; 
 the high amount of competition we face in our industry; 
 our ability to attract customers and increase sales of current and future products; 
 reliance on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues, including academic, research and government institutions; 
 the complexity of our products giving rise to defects or errors; 
 our unpredictable and lengthy sales cycles; 
 the possibility that our goodwill or intangible assets could become impaired; 
 adverse effects resulting from political and economic tensions between the United States and other countries, including China and Russia, and other geopolitical uncertainties; 
 securing and maintaining patent or other intellectual property protection for our products and related improvements; 
 current and future legal proceedings filed against us claiming intellectual property infringement; 
 the potential adverse impact of health epidemics; 
 governmental regulations that burden operations or narrow the market for our products; 
 evolving ethical, legal, privacy, social, and regulatory concerns regarding genetic testing; 
 volatility of the price of our common stock; and 
 our stock price falling as a result of future offerings or sales of securities. 
 Our risk factors are not guarantees that no such conditions exist as of the date hereof and should not be interpreted as an affirmative statement that such risks or conditions have not materialized, in whole or in part. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Business 
 The commercialization and sales of our current or future products may be unsuccessful or less successful than anticipated. While we plan to continue pursuing new products and expand into adjacent markets, we have limited experience in managing and selling multiple products and, as a result, may face challenges selling in new markets and fail to successfully carry out these initiatives, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operation. 
 We have made and expect to continue making substantial investments to develop new products and enhance our existing products through our acquisitions and research and development efforts. For example, we commenced commercial shipments of Revio, our new long-read sequencing system in the first quarter of 2023, and commenced commercial shipments of Onso, our new SBB short-read platform, in the third quarter of 2023. We also recently announced that we have begun taking orders for our new Vega benchtop long-read sequencing system in the fourth quarter of 2024, with shipments expected to commence in the first quarter of 2025. Our future success is substantially dependent on our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our products, including Revio and Onso, as well as acquired technologies, which are anticipated to be used in demanding scientific research that requires substantial levels of accuracy and precision. In addition, we may not be successful in transitioning our prior generation products to our Revio and Vega products, or transitioning users of other third party sequencing platforms to our portfolio of products, and could incur related obsolete inventory charges and losses on firm purchase commitments. Customers may also be slower than we anticipate in making new capital equipment acquisitions, especially in the current economic environment. Due to challenges we may experience in developing and marketing our existing products and launching new products, we may not be able to effectively: 
 manage the timeliness of our new product introductions and the rate at which sales of our new products may cannibalize sales of our older products or manage sales and marketing of multiple sequencing platforms; 
 drive adoption of our current and future products, including the Sequel II/IIe, Revio, Onso and Vega systems, and products under development; 
 maintain our competitive position by continuing to attract and retain customers for our products; 
 provide appropriate levels of customer training and support for our products; 
 implement an effective marketing strategy to promote awareness of our products; 
 develop and implement an effective sales and distribution strategy for our current and future products; 
 develop, manufacture and commercialize new products or achieve an acceptable return on our manufacturing or research and development efforts and expenses; 
 comply with regulatory requirements applicable to our products; 
 anticipate and adapt to changes in our market; 
 accommodate customer expectations and demands with respect to our products, increase product adoption by our existing customers or develop new customer relationships; 
 deliver our beta or early access systems to our external beta or early access testing sites or complete our external beta or early access testing program on our currently expected timelines; 
 overcome unexpected challenges discovered during beta or early access testing; 
 complete the scientific and technical validation of new products on our currently expected timeline or at all; 
 deliver our future products in a timely manner to our customers; 
 grow our market share by marketing and selling our products for new and additional applications; 
 manage the significant burdens that expanding our existing or future products into current and new markets may impose on marketing, compliance, and other administrative and managerial resources; 
 maintain and develop strategic relationships with vendors, manufacturers, and other industry partners to acquire necessary materials for the production of, and to develop, manufacture and commercialize, our existing or future products; 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 adapt or scale our manufacturing activities to meet performance specifications and potential demand at a reasonable cost; 
 avoid infringement and misappropriation of third-party intellectual property; 
 obtain and maintain any necessary licenses to third-party intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms; 
 obtain valid and enforceable patents that give us a competitive advantage or enforce existing patents; 
 protect our proprietary technology; and 
 attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. 
 The risks noted above, especially with respect to the marketing, sales, and commercialization of our products, may be heightened by the impact of current uncertain market and other conditions. In addition, a high percentage of our expenses is and will continue to be fixed. Accordingly, if we do not generate revenue as and when anticipated, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. 
 We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually during the second quarter, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value. Events that would indicate impairment and trigger an interim impairment test include, but are not limited to, unexpected adverse business conditions, economic factors, unanticipated technological changes or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments or courts. The occurrence of any of these events, may require us to record future goodwill impairment charges. For example, we recorded a 93.2 million goodwill impairment charge for the three months ended June 30, 2024 as described in additional detail in Note 4. Balance Sheet Components in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Any such charges may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We have incurred losses to date, and we expect to continue to incur significant losses as we develop our business and may never achieve profitability. 
 We have generally incurred net losses each quarter since inception, and we cannot be certain if or when we will produce sufficient revenue from our operations to support our costs. Even if profitability is achieved in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability on a consistent basis. We expect to continue to incur substantial losses and negative cash flow from operations for the foreseeable future. Although we announced and initiated expense reduction plans during the second quarter of 2024, we do not expect to be profitable in 2024, and there can be no assurance that these expense reduction initiatives will be successful in helping us achieve profitability. 
 Our net losses since inception and our expectation of incurring substantial losses and negative cash flow for the foreseeable future could: 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations; 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 limit our ability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, research and development and other business opportunities; 
 increase the volatility of the price of our common stock; 
 limit our flexibility to react to changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 place us at a disadvantage to other companies that offer nucleic acid sequencing equipment or consumables; and 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds. 
 In addition, inflationary pressure, including as a result of supply shortages, has adversely impacted and could continue to adversely impact our financial results, and our operating costs may increase. We may not fully offset these cost increases by raising prices for our products and services, which could result in downward pressure on our margins. Further, our customers may choose to reduce their business with us if we increase our pricing. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Any or all of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, and prospects. An impairment in value of our tangible or intangible assets could also be recorded as a result of weaker economic conditions. 
 Our expense reduction initiatives could be disruptive to our operations and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and we may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of these initiatives, whether in the time frame anticipated or at all. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we announced and initiated plans to reduce certain of our annualized run-rate operating expenses by the end of the year, with the intent of better aligning our organizational structure and resources with our strategic initiatives. Our expense reduction initiatives comprise, among other things, workforce reductions, facilities downsizing and a refined pipeline of development activities. The implementation of these expense reduction initiatives, including the impact of workforce reductions, could impair our ability to invest in developing, marketing and selling new and existing products, be disruptive to our operations, make it difficult to attract or retain employees, result in higher than anticipated charges, divert the attention of management, result in a loss of accumulated knowledge, impact our customer and supplier relationships, and otherwise adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our ability to complete our expense reduction initiatives and achieve the anticipated benefits within the expected time frame is subject to estimates and assumptions and may vary materially from our expectations, including as a result of factors that are beyond our control. Furthermore, our efforts to stabilize our business may not be successful. 
 We are not cash flow positive and may not have sufficient cash to make required payments under the terms of our debt or fund our long-term planned operations. 
 Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception, and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses and negative cash flow from operations for the foreseeable future. Additional funds may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. We have incurred significant debt, and we may incur additional debt, in the future. As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding approximately 459.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes and 441.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes. As discussed in Note 11. Subsequent Events in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we have agreed to exchange the remaining approximately 459.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes outstanding for 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes, as well as the issuance of 20,451,570 shares of common stock and 50.0 million of cash. The exchange and issuances are expected to close on or about November 21, 2024. We may not have sufficient cash to make required payments under the terms of this debt, and should this occur, debt holders have rights senior to common stockholders to make claims on our assets. In addition, if we do not have sufficient cash to make the required payments at maturity, we may need to raise additional capital, which could result in dilution of our existing investors, or refinance or restructure our debt, which will depend on, among other things, the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time, and which may be at higher interest rates. We may not be able to issue equity securities due to unacceptable terms and conditions to us in the capital markets. To the extent that we intend to raise additional funds through the sale of our common stock, downward fluctuations in our stock price could adversely affect such fundraising efforts. Furthermore, equity financings normally involve shares sold at a discount to the current market price and fundraising through sales of additional shares of common stock or other equity securities will have a dilutive effect on our existing investors. We may be required to seek equity financing at a time when the market price for our common stock is low, which would further dilute ownership for existing common stockholders. 
 We believe that our growth will depend, in part, on our ability to fund our commercialization efforts and our efforts to develop new products, including any improvements to our existing products and the launch of the Vega benchtop long-ready system. To the extent our existing resources are not sufficient, it may require us to delay, or even not allow us to conduct any or all of these activities that we believe would be beneficial for our future growth. We may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing or alternative financing arrangements, which may include collaborations or licensing arrangements. If we are unable to raise funds on favorable terms, or at all, we may have to reduce our cash burn rate and may not be able to support our commercialization efforts, launching of new products, or operations, or to increase or maintain the level of our research and development activities. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or to raise adequate funds to finance our forecasted expenditures, we may have to make significant changes to our operations, including delaying or reducing the scope of, or eliminating some or all of, our development programs. We also may have to reduce sales, marketing, engineering, customer support or other resources devoted to our existing or new products, or we may need to cease operations. Any of these actions could materially impede our ability to achieve our business objectives and could materially harm our operating results, and there can be no assurance that any of these actions would be successful. If our cash, cash equivalents and investments are insufficient to fund our projected operating requirements and we are unable to raise capital, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. 
 We have made acquisitions and, in the future, may continue to acquire businesses, technologies or assets, form joint ventures or make other strategic investments with companies that could adversely affect our operating results, dilute our stockholders ownership, or cause us to incur debt or significant expense. 
 As part of our business strategy, we have acquired and expect to continue to pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, or assets. We may also pursue technology license arrangements, strategic alliances or investments that complement our business as we have previously with our acquisitions of Circulomics, Omniome and Apton in July 2021, September 2021 and August 2023, respectively. 
 Acquisitions and strategic transactions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, including: 
 intense competition for suitable acquisition targets, which could increase prices and adversely affect our ability to consummate deals on favorable or acceptable terms; 
 failure or material delay in closing a transaction; 
 transaction-related lawsuits or claims; 
 difficulties in integrating the technologies, operations, existing contracts, and personnel of an acquired company; 
 difficulties in retaining key employees or business partners of an acquired company; 
 difficulties in retaining suppliers, partners, or customers of an acquired company; 
 challenges with integrating the brand identity of an acquired company with our own; 
 diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations or alternative acquisition opportunities; 
 failure to realize the anticipated benefits or synergies of a transaction; 
 difficulties in developing technology post-acquisition; 
 failure to identify the problems, liabilities, or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired company or technology, including issues related to intellectual property, regulatory compliance practices, litigation, revenue recognition or other accounting practices, or employee or user issues; 
 risks that regulatory bodies may enact new laws or promulgate new regulations that are adverse to an acquired company or business; 
 risks that regulatory bodies do not approve our acquisitions or business combinations or delay such approvals; 
 theft of our trade secrets or confidential information that we share with potential acquisition candidates or other potential strategic partners; 
 risk that an acquired company or investment in new services cannibalizes a portion of our existing business; and 
 adverse market reaction to an acquisition or other strategic transaction. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 To finance any acquisitions or other strategic investments, we may raise additional funds, which could adversely affect our existing stockholders and our business. If the price of our common stock is low or volatile, we may not be able to acquire other companies for stock. In addition, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution as a result of additional securities we may issue for acquisitions. Open market sales of substantial amounts of our common stock issued to stockholders of companies we acquire could also depress our stock price. Additional funds may not be available on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. 
 If we fail to address the foregoing risks or other problems encountered in connection with past or future acquisitions of businesses, new technologies, services, and other assets and strategic investments, or if we fail to successfully integrate such acquisitions or investments, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected, including potential impairments of goodwill and intangible assets. 
 If we are unable to successfully develop and timely manufacture our current and future products, including with respect to SMRT Cells, Sequel II/IIe, Revio, Onso, and Vega systems, and other SMRT Cell, HiFi, and SBB products under development, and related products, our business may be adversely affected. 
 Considering the highly complex technologies involved in our products, there can be no assurance that we will be able to manufacture and commercialize our current and future products on a timely basis or continue providing adequate support for our existing products. The commercial success of our products, including the Sequel, Sequel II/IIe, Revio, Onso and Vega systems, and the products under development, including acquired technologies, depends on a number of factors, including performance and reliability of the systems, our anticipating and effectively addressing customer preferences and demands, the success of our sales and marketing efforts, effective forecasting and management of product demand, purchase commitments and inventory levels, effective management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the quality of our products, including consumables such as SMRT Cells and reagents. Should we face delays in or discover unexpected defects during the further development or manufacturing process of instruments or consumables related to our products, including with respect to SMRT Cells, reagents, Sequel II/IIe, Revio, Onso, and Vega systems, and other SMRT Cell, HiFi, and SBB products under development, including acquired technologies, and including any delays or defects in software development or product functionality, the timing and success of the continued rollout and scaling of our products may be significantly impacted, which may materially and negatively impact our revenue and gross margin. The ability of our customers to successfully utilize our products will also depend on our ability to deliver high quality SMRT Cells and reagents. We have designed SMRT Cells and other consumables specifically for the Sequel, Sequel II/IIe, Revio and Vega systems, and may need to develop in the future, other customized SMRT Cells and consumables for our future products. Our production of the SMRT Cells for the Sequel and Sequel II/IIe systems has been and may in the future, including with respect to the Revio system, be below desired levels and yields, and we have experienced and may experience in the future manufacturing delays, product or quality defects, SMRT Cell variability, and other issues. The performance of our consumables is critical to our customers successful utilization of our products, and any defects or performance issues with our consumables would adversely affect our business. All of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our products or result in other material adverse effects on our business, operations, financial condition, operations and prospects. 
 The development of our products is complex and costly. Problems in the design or quality of our products may have a material and adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition, and operating results, and could result in us losing our certifications from the International Organization for Standardization ISO ). If we were to lose ISO certification, then our customers might choose not to purchase products from us and this could adversely impact our ability to develop products approved for clinical uses. Unanticipated problems with our products could divert substantial resources, which may impair our ability to support our new and existing products and could substantially increase our costs. If we encounter development challenges or discover errors in our products late in our development cycle, including during external beta testing, we may be forced to undertake design and/or production changes, delay product shipments or the scaling of manufacturing or supply. The completion of the production and external testing of our beta systems may also take longer than currently planned, cost more than currently expected and the scientific and technical validation may not be completed on our currently expected timelines or at all. Such testing may also expose fundamental flaws in our products that may cause us to abandon the further development of such products. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 If the continued rollout of our current and future products, including with respect to the SMRT Cell, the Sequel II/IIe, Revio, Onso and Vega systems, is delayed or is not successful or less successful than anticipated, then we may not be able to achieve an acceptable return, if any, on our substantial research and development efforts, and our business may be materially and adversely affected. The expenses or losses associated with delayed or unsuccessful product development or lack of market acceptance of our existing and new products, including the SMRT Cell and the Sequel II/IIe, Revio, Onso and Vega systems could materially and adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and prospects. 
 Our research and development efforts may not result in the benefits that we anticipate, and our failure to successfully market, sell, and commercialize our current and future products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have dedicated significant resources to developing our current products, including sequencing systems and consumables based on our proprietary SMRT sequencing technology and our Sequel and Sequel II/IIe systems. We are also engaged in substantial and complex research and development efforts, which, if successful, may result in the introduction of new products in the future, including in connection with the SMRT Cell and the Sequel II/IIe, Revio, Onso and Vega systems, in addition to other products currently under development, including acquired technologies. Our research and development efforts are complex and require us to incur substantial expenses and we may not be able to develop, manufacture and commercialize new products or obtain regulatory approval if necessary. We may divert significant resources to research and development initiatives that do not result in commercialized products, and even if these efforts do result in commercialized products, there can be no assurance that such products will compete successfully in the market or achieve an acceptable return, if any, on our research and development efforts and expenses. Moreover, our joint research and development efforts with partners require significant management attention and operational resources. If we are unable to successfully manage such joint research and development efforts, our future results may be adversely impacted. Furthermore, we will need to continue to expand our internal capabilities or seek new partnerships or collaborations, or both, in order to successfully develop, market, sell and commercialize our products for and in the markets we seek to reach. If we are unable to do so or are delayed, then this could materially and adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and prospects. 
 We must successfully manage new product introductions and transitions, including with respect to the Revio, Onso and Vega systems and each of their related consumables, and the development of acquired technologies, and we may incur significant costs during these transitions and development, and these efforts may not result in the benefits we anticipate. 
 If our products and services fail to deliver the performance, scalability or results expected by our current and future customers, or are not delivered on a timely basis, our reputation and credibility may suffer, our current and future sales and revenue may be materially harmed and our business may not succeed. For instance, if we are not able to successfully execute on the commercialization of the Revio HiFi long-read sequencing system, the Onso SBB short-read sequencing system, and the Vega benchtop long-read sequencing system, and each of their related consumables, and any future products that may be developed for research, medical and clinical uses, including acquired technologies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the introduction of future products, including with respect to future long-read and short-read products, and related consumables, has and may in the future lead to our limiting or ceasing development of further enhancements to our existing products as we focus our resources on new products, and has resulted and could in the future result in reduced marketplace acceptance and loss of sales of our existing products, materially adversely affecting our revenue and operating results. The introduction of new products, including the recent commercialization of our Revio, Onso and Vega systems, has had and may in the future also have a negative impact on our revenue in the near-term as our current and future customers have delayed or cancelled and may in the future delay or cancel orders of existing products in anticipation of new products and we may also be pressured to decrease prices for our existing products. Our experience in managing product transitions is limited, and we have experienced, and may in the future experience, difficulty in managing or forecasting customer reactions, purchasing decisions or transition requirements with respect to newly launched products. We have incurred and may continue to incur significant costs in completing these transitions, including costs of write-downs of our products, as current or future customers transition to new products. If we do not successfully manage these product transitions, including with respect to the Revio, Onso and Vega systems and each of their related consumables, and any future long-read and short-read products, our business, operations, financial condition, and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Our business may be adversely affected by epidemics or other public health emergencies. 
 Our business could be adversely impacted by the effects of epidemics or other public health emergencies. These impacts could include, but are not necessarily limited to: 
 shutdowns or business disruptions experienced by manufacturers, suppliers and other third parties with whom we conduct business; 
 disruptions or interruptions to our supply chains; 
 changes in applicable public health regulations that require us to modify our business practices and operations; and 
 disruption to customer demand for our products. 
 The extent to which any epidemic or other public health emergency impacts our business and financial results inherently depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of a particular public health matter and the actions to contain it or treat its impact, among others. Even after an epidemic or public health emergency has subsided, we may continue to experience an adverse impact to our business as a result of economic aftershocks, including recessionary effects and inflationary pressures. 
 Significant changes to our leadership team and the resulting management transitions might harm our future operating results. 
 We have experienced significant changes to our leadership team since 2020, including the appointment of our current President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Commercial Officer, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, and Chair of the Board. 
 Although we believe these leadership transitions are in the best interest of our stakeholders, these transitions may result in the loss of personnel with deep institutional or technical knowledge. Further, the transition could potentially disrupt our operations and relationships with employees, suppliers, partners, and customers due to added costs, operational inefficiencies, decreased employee morale and productivity and increased turnover. We must successfully recruit and integrate our new leadership team members within our organization to achieve our operating objectives; as such, the leadership transition may temporarily affect our business performance and results of operations while the new members of our leadership team become familiar with our business. In addition, our competitors may seek to use this transition and the related potential disruptions to gain a competitive advantage over us. Furthermore, these changes may increase our dependency on the other members of our leadership team that remain with us, who are not contractually obligated to remain employed with us and may leave at any time. Any such departure could be particularly disruptive given that we are already experiencing leadership transitions and, to the extent we experience additional management turnover, competition for top management is high such that it may take some time to find a candidate that meets our requirements. Our future operating results depend substantially upon the continued service of our key personnel and in significant part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management personnel. If we are unable to mitigate these or other similar risks, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 We depend on the continuing efforts of our senior management team and other key personnel. If we lose members of our senior management team or other key personnel or are unable to successfully retain, recruit and train qualified scientists, engineers, sales personnel and other employees, our ability to maintain, develop and commercialize our products could be harmed and we may be unable to achieve our goals. 
 Our success depends upon the continuing services of members of our senior management team and scientific and engineering personnel. In particular, our scientists and engineers are critical to our technological and product innovations, and we will need to hire additional qualified personnel. Our industry, is characterized by high demand and intense competition for talent, and the turnover rate has been and may continue to be high. Our employees can leave our company with little to no prior notice and would be free to work for a competitor. We compete for qualified management and scientific personnel with other life science companies, academic institutions and research institutions, particularly those focusing on genomics. We also compete for qualified sales personnel to support the commercialization of our existing and new products. Workforce reductions, such as the workforce reduction we began implementing during the second quarter of 2024, and other expense reduction efforts may be negatively received by potential or current employees, and accordingly result in attrition or difficulty in recruiting desirable candidates. Additionally, we may face challenges in retaining and recruiting key personnel due to sustained declines in our stock price that could reduce the retentive value of stock options, restricted stock units and other equity awards we issue as compensation. We may not be able to provide adequate cash or other incentives to adequately counterbalance any negative perceptions about the value of our equity awards. Moreover, the value of any equity awards that we do grant to our personnel may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control. The loss of qualified employees, or an inability to attract, retain, and motivate employees, could prevent us from pursuing collaborations and materially and adversely affect our support of existing products, product development and launches, business growth prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Further, changes to U.S. immigration policies, particularly to H-1B and other visa programs, could restrain the flow of technical and professional talent into the U.S. and may inhibit our ability to hire qualified personnel. If one or more of our senior executives or other key personnel were unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all, and other senior management may be required to divert attention from other aspects of the business. 
 In addition, we do not have key person life insurance policies covering any member of our management team or other key personnel. The loss of any of these individuals or any inability to attract or retain qualified personnel, including scientists, engineers, sales personnel and others, could prevent us from pursuing collaborations and materially and adversely affect our support of existing products, product development and introductions, business growth prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our success is highly dependent on our ability to further penetrate nucleic acid sequencing applications as well as on the growth and expansion of the demand for our products. If our products fail to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance, we will not generate expected revenue and our business may not succeed. 
 Although nucleic acid sequencing technology is well-established, our SMRT Sequencing technology is relatively new and evolving. We cannot be sure that our current or future products will gain acceptance in the marketplace at levels sufficient to support our costs. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to expand overall demand for nucleic acid sequencing to include new applications that are not practicable with other current technologies and to introduce new products that capture a larger share of growing overall demand for sequencing. To accomplish this, we must successfully commercialize, and continue development of, our proprietary SMRT Sequencing technology for use in a variety of life science and other research applications, including uses by academic, government and clinical laboratories, as well as pharmaceutical, diagnostic, biotechnology, and agriculture companies, among others. However, we may be unsuccessful in these efforts and the sale and commercialization of the SMRT Cell, the Sequel II/IIe, Revio, Onso and Vega systems, and related products may not grow sufficiently to cover our costs. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 There can be no assurance that we will be successful in adding new products or securing additional customers for our current and future products, including with respect to the SMRT Cell and the Sequel II/IIe, Revio, Onso and Vega systems. If we are unable to successfully develop acquired technologies and sell acquired technology products, we may fail to achieve our strategic commercial initiatives in connection with the planned release of new products and anticipated entry into new markets. Our ability to further penetrate existing applications and any new applications depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our products, as well as customers willingness to adopt a different approach to nucleic acid sequencing. Potential customers may have already made significant investments in other sequencing technologies and may be unwilling to invest in new technologies. We are experiencing pricing pressures caused by industry competition and increased demand for lower-priced instruments and lower operational costs. We have limited experience commercializing and selling products outside of the academic and research settings, and we cannot guarantee success in acquiring additional customers. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that our products will be satisfactory to potential customers or that our products will perform in accordance with customer expectations. 
 Nucleic acid sequencing applications are new and dynamic, and there can be no assurance that they will develop as quickly as we anticipate, that they will reach their full potential or that our products will be appropriate or competitive for these applications. As a result, we may be required to refocus our marketing efforts, and we may have to make changes to the specifications of our products to enhance our ability to enter particular applications more quickly. We may also need to delay full-scale commercial deployment of new products as we develop them in order to perform quality control and early access user testing. We also need to maintain reliable supply chains for the various components in our new products and consumables to support large-scale commercial production. Even if we are able to implement our technology successfully, we and/or our sales and distribution partners may fail to achieve or sustain market acceptance of our current or future products across the full range of our intended life science and other applications. We need to continue to expand and update our internal capabilities or to collaborate with other partners, or both, in order to successfully expand sales of our products in the applications that we seek to reach, which we may be unable to do at the scale required to support our business. 
 If the demand for our products grows more slowly than anticipated, if we are unable to successfully scale or otherwise ensure sufficient manufacturing capacity for new products to meet demand, if we are not able to successfully market and sell our products, if competitors develop better or more cost-effective products, if our product launches and commercialization are not successful, or if we are unable to further grow our customer base or do not realize the growth with existing customers that we are expecting, our current and future sales and revenue may be materially and adversely harmed, or we may recognize an impairment loss, and our business may not succeed. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on other companies for the manufacture of certain components and sub-assemblies and intend to outsource additional sub-assemblies in the future, some of which are sole sources. We may not be able to successfully scale the manufacturing process necessary to build and test multiple products on a full commercial basis, which could materially harm our business. 
 Our products are complex and involve a large number of unique components, many of which require precise manufacturing. The nature of our products requires customized components that are currently available only from a limited number of sources, and in some cases, single sources. We have chosen to source certain critical components from a single source, including suppliers for our SMRT Cells, reagents, and instruments. We cannot assure you that product supplies will not be limited or interrupted, especially with respect to our sole source third-party manufacturing and supply collaborators, or that product supplies will be of satisfactory quality or continue to be available at acceptable prices. In particular, any replacement of our manufacturers could require significant effort and expertise because there may be a limited number of qualified replacements. We may be unable to negotiate binding agreements with our current and future sole source third-party manufacturing and supply collaborators or, in the event that such collaborators services become interrupted for any reason, find replacement manufacturers to support our development and commercial activities at commercially reasonable terms. We do not always have arrangements in place for a redundant or second-source supply for our sole source vendors in the event they cease to provide their products or services to us or fail to provide sufficient quantities in a timely manner. If we are required to purchase these components from alternative sources, it could take several months or longer to qualify the alternative sources. If we are unable to source these product components from sole-source third-party manufacturing and supply collaborators for any reason, including in connection with acts of terrorism, hostilities, military conflict and acts of war, including between China and Taiwan, or secure a sufficient supply of these product components on a timely basis, or if these components do not meet our expectations or specifications for quality and functionality, our operations and manufacturing would be materially and adversely affected, we could be unable to meet customer demand and our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 The operations of our third-party manufacturing partners and suppliers have had and may in the future be disrupted by conditions unrelated to our business or operations or that are beyond our control, including but not limited to international trade restrictions, inflation, supply chain disruptions, and conditions related to COVID-19 or other epidemics or pandemics. If our manufacturing partners or suppliers are unable or fail to fulfill their obligations to us for any reason, we may not be able to manufacture our products and satisfy customer demand or our obligations under sales agreements in a timely manner, and our business could be harmed as a result. For example, the global shortage of semiconductors, which has been reported since early 2021, has caused challenges for us in our supply chain and resulted in some cost increases that have and may continue to adversely impact margins. During these periods of shortages or delays, the price of components may increase, or the components may not be available at all. Our suppliers have raised their prices and may continue to raise prices that we may not be able to pass on to our customers, which could adversely affect our business, including our competitive position, market share, revenues, and profit margins in material ways. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products in a timely manner in the quantities or configurations needed. For example, the Chinese government may re-impose lockdowns or similar measures to combat the spread of epidemics and these measures have had, and may continue to have in the future, a negative impact on manufacturing and/or supply chains, in addition to customer demand for our products and demand through certain distributors. If as a result of global economic or political instability, such as the political uncertainty in the Middle East associated with the Israel and Hamas conflict, an escalation of the war in Ukraine, potential uncertainty related to Taiwan and its relationship with China, other disease outbreaks, or supply issues, we or our contractors could experience shortages, business disruptions or delays for materials sourced or manufactured in the affected countries, and their ability to supply us with instruments or product components may be affected. From time to time, certain components of our systems and reagents may reach the end of their life cycles or become obsoleted by our suppliers, and we would have to procure alternative sources for these end-of-life products. If we encounter delays or difficulties in securing the quality and quantity of materials we require for our products, our supply chain would be interrupted, which would adversely affect sales. If any of these events occur, our business and operating results could be harmed. Accordingly, if any of the foregoing occurs, our ability to commercialize our products, revenue and gross margins could suffer until lockdowns related to epidemics or pandemics are lifted, supply issues or business disruptions are resolved and/or other sources can be developed. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, because our semiconductor suppliers are in regions that may have communities with low vaccination rates, any variants of COVID-19 that evolve in the future or other outbreaks could lead to increased infections among workers that could further disrupt the supply chain. Our current manufacturing process is characterized by long lead times between the placement of orders for and delivery of our products. If we do not accurately anticipate our needs or if we receive insufficient components to manufacture our products on a timely basis to meet customer demand, our sales and our gross margin may be adversely affected, and our business could be materially harmed. If we are unable to reduce our manufacturing costs and establish and maintain reliable, high-volume manufacturing suppliers as we scale our operations and expand our product offerings, our business, operations, financial condition, and prospects could be materially and adversely harmed. 
 We may be unable to consistently manufacture our instruments and consumables, including SMRT Cells and reagents, to the necessary specifications or in quantities necessary to meet demand at an acceptable cost or at an acceptable performance level. 
 In order to successfully generate revenue from our products, we need to supply our customers with products that meet their expectations for quality and functionality in accordance with established specifications. Our customers have experienced variability in the performance of our products. We have experienced and may continue to experience delays, quality issues or other difficulties leading to customer dissatisfaction with our products. Our production of SMRT Cells, flow cells and of reagents for both our long- and short-read technologies, involve a long and complex manufacturing process and has been and may in the future be below desired yields and resulting output levels. We have experienced and may experience in the future manufacturing delays, product defects, variability in the performance of SMRT Cells, flow cells and other products, inadequate reserves for inventory, or other issues. 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to manufacture our products so that they consistently achieve the product specifications and quality that our customers expect, including any products developed for clinical uses. Problems in the design or quality of our products, including low manufacturing yields of SMRT Cells, flow cells, or sub-performing reagent lots may have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition, and operating results, and could result in us losing our ISO certifications. If we were to lose our ISO certifications, then our customers might choose not to purchase products from us. There is also no assurance that we will be able to increase manufacturing yields and decrease costs, particularly if high rates of inflation continue, or that we will be successful in forecasting customer demand or manufacturing and supply costs, or that product supplies, including reagents or integrated chips, will not be limited or interrupted, or will be of satisfactory quality or continue to be available at acceptable prices. Furthermore, while we are undertaking efforts to increase our manufacturing scale and capability, we may not be able to increase manufacturing to meet anticipated demand or may experience downtime in our manufacturing facilities, including, for example, if our suppliers are unable to meet our increased demand at a time when the supply chain is under duress due to potential dislocations and disruptions in product and employee availability (whether due to health epidemics or pandemics or otherwise). An inability to manufacture products and components that consistently meet specifications, in necessary quantities and at commercially acceptable costs, will have a negative impact, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, product development timelines, financial condition and results of operations. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Rapidly changing technology in life sciences and research diagnostics could make our products obsolete unless we continue to develop, manufacture and commercialize new and improved products and pursue new opportunities. 
 Our industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards. These new and evolving technologies may be superior to, impair, or render obsolete the products we currently offer or the technologies currently underlying our products. Our future success depends on our ability to continually improve our products, to develop and introduce new products that address the evolving needs of our customers on a timely and cost-effective basis and to pursue new opportunities. These new opportunities may be outside the scope of our proven expertise or in areas where demand is unproven, and new products and services developed by us may not gain market acceptance or may not adequately perform to capture market share. Our inability to develop and introduce new products and to gain market acceptance of our existing and new products could harm our future operating results. Unanticipated difficulties or delays in replacing existing products with new products or in commercializing our existing or new products in sufficient quantities and of acceptable quality to meet customer demand, including with respect to the SMRT Cell and the Sequel II/IIe, Revio, Onso and Vega systems, could diminish future demand for our products and may materially and adversely harm our future operating results. 
 The size of the markets for our products, including our Revio, Onso and Vega instruments, may be smaller than estimated, and new market opportunities may not develop as quickly as we expect, or at all, limiting our ability to successfully sell our products. 
 The market for sequencing systems and consumables products is evolving, making it difficult to accurately predict the size of the markets for our current and future products, including our Revio, Onso and Vega instruments. Our estimates of the total addressable market for our current and future products are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates and assumptions that may be incorrect, including the assumptions that academic, governmental, corporate, or other sources of funding will continue to be available to life sciences researchers at times and in amounts necessary to allow them to purchase our products. In addition, sales of new products may take time to develop and mature and we cannot be certain that these market opportunities will develop as we expect. While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates of the total addressable market for our products are reasonable, these assumptions and estimates may not be correct and the conditions supporting our assumptions or estimates, or those underlying the third-party data we have used, may change at any time, thereby reducing the accuracy of our estimates. As a result, our estimates of the total addressable market and growth opportunities for our products may be incorrect. 
 The future growth of the market for our current and future products depends on many factors beyond our control, including recognition and acceptance of our products by the research and scientific communities, the growth, prevalence and costs of competing products and solutions and the development of robust ecosystems supporting our products and their methodologies. For example, the market acceptance and growth of long-read sequencing technologies, like our Revio and Vega systems, depends on a variety of factors, including the availability and cost-effectiveness of related tools for high quality sample collection and preparation and advanced bioinformatic tools to process results; as well as the perceived advantages and disadvantages of long-read sequencing compared to short-read or other sequencing technologies: consequently, if potential customers conclude the costs of adopting long-read sequencing technologies outweigh the benefits, the market for our Revio and Vega systems may be negatively impaired. There can be no assurance that our current or future products will gain traction in the market. If the markets for our current and future products are smaller than estimated or do not develop as we expect, our growth may be limited, and it could materially and adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Increased market adoption of our products by customers may depend on the availability of sample preparation and informatics tools, some of which may be developed by third parties. 
 Our commercial success may depend in part upon the development of sample preparation and software and informatics tools by third parties for use with our products. We cannot guarantee that product supplies, including reagents, will not be limited or interrupted, or will be of satisfactory quality or continue to be available at acceptable prices, or that third parties will develop tools that our current and future customers will find useful with our products, or that customers will adopt such third-party tools on a timely basis or at all. A lack of complementary sample preparation and informatics tools, or delayed updates of such tools, may impede the adoption of our products and may materially and adversely impact our business. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 We operate in a highly competitive industry and if we are not able to compete effectively, our business and operating results will likely be harmed. 
 There are a significant number of companies offering nucleic acid sequencing products and/or services, including Illumina, BGI Genomics (also known as MGI or Complete Genomics), Thermo, ONT Ltd., Roche, Bionano, and Qiagen. Other companies recently entering the market include Ultima, Element and Singular. Many of these companies currently have greater name recognition, more substantial intellectual property portfolios, longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, research and/or other resources, more experience in new product development, larger and more established manufacturing capabilities and marketing, sales, and support functions, and/or more established distribution channels to deliver products to customers than we do. These companies may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, or customer requirements. 
 There are also several companies that are in the process of developing or have already developed and commercialized new, competing or potentially competing technologies, products and/or services, including ONT Ltd. and its subsidiaries, against whom we have filed complaints for patent infringement in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware and, previously, with the U.S. International Trade Commission, in the High Court of England and Wales and in the District Court of Mannheim, Germany. ONT Ltd. previously filed claims against us in the High Court of England and Wales and the District Court of Mannheim, Germany, also for patent infringement, and its subsidiary, Oxford Nanopore Technologies, Inc. ONT Inc. ), filed counterclaims against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware seeking declaratory judgements of non-infringement, invalidity and unenforceability of the asserted patents, as well as antitrust, false advertising and unfair competition counterclaims that were subsequently dismissed by that court. Roche is developing potentially competing sequencing products. Increased competition may result in pricing pressures, which could harm our sales, profitability or market share. Our failure to further enhance our existing products and to introduce new products to compete effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and prospects. 
 We may be unable to successfully increase sales of our current products or market and sell our future products. 
 Our ability to achieve profitability depends, in part, on our ability to attract customers for our current and future products including Revio and Onso, and we may be unable to effectively market or sell our products or find appropriate partners to do so. To perform sales, marketing, distribution, and customer support functions successfully, we face a number of risks, including: 
 our ability to attract, retain and manage qualified sales, marketing, and service personnel necessary to expand market acceptance for our technologies; 
 the performance and commercial availability expectations of our existing and potential customers with respect to new and existing products; 
 availability of potential sales and distribution partners to sell our technologies, and our ability to attract and retain such sales and distribution partners; 
 the time and cost of maintaining and growing a specialized sales, marketing and service force for a particular application, which may be difficult to justify in light of the revenue generated; and 
 our sales, marketing and service force may be unable to execute successful commercial activities. 
 We have, and may in the future, use promotional pricing and similar measures to attract purchases of our products. These measures may not be successful in attracting purchases and, even if successful, may negatively impact our gross margins. 
 We have enlisted and may continue to enlist third parties to assist with sales, equipment leasing, distribution and customer support. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in attracting desirable sales and distribution partners, that we will be able to enter into arrangements with such partners on terms favorable to us or that we will be able to retain such partners on a going-forward basis. If our sales and marketing efforts, or those of any of our third-party sales and distribution partners, are not successful, or our products do not perform in accordance with customer expectations, our technologies and products may not gain market acceptance, which could materially and adversely impact our business, operations, financial condition, and prospects. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Large purchases by a limited number of customers represent a significant portion of our revenue, and any loss or delay of expected purchases has resulted, and in the future could result, in material quarter-to-quarter fluctuations of our revenue or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We receive a significant portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers. For example, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, one of our customers, who is our primary distributor in China, accounted for approximately 12 and 13 of our total revenue, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, no single customer accounted for 10 or greater of our total revenue. Many of these customers make large purchases on a purchase-order basis rather than pursuant to long-term contracts. As a consequence of the concentrated nature of our customer base and their purchasing behavior, our quarterly revenue and results of operations have fluctuated, and may fluctuate in the future, from quarter to quarter and are difficult to forecast. For example, the cancellation of orders or acceleration or delay in anticipated product purchases or the acceptance of shipped products by our larger customers has materially affected, and in the future could materially affect, our revenue and results of operations in any quarterly period. We have been, and may in the future be, unable to sustain or increase our revenue from our larger customers, or offset any discontinuation or decrease of purchases by our larger customers with purchases by new or other existing customers. To the extent one or more of our larger customers experience significant financial difficulty, bankruptcy or insolvency, this could have a material adverse effect on our sales and our ability to collect on receivables, which could materially and adversely harm our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, many of our customers, including some of our larger customers, have negotiated, or may in the future negotiate, volume-based discounts or other more favorable terms from us or our sales and distribution partners, which can and have had a negative effect on our gross margins or revenue. 
 We expect that such concentrated purchases will continue to contribute materially to our revenue for the foreseeable future and that our results of operations may fluctuate materially as a result of such larger customers buying patterns. In addition, we may see consolidation of our customer base. The loss of one of our larger customers, a significant delay or reduction in its purchases, or any volume-based discount or other more favorable terms that we or our sales and distribution partner(s) may agree to provide, in light of the aggregated purchase volume or buying power resulting from such consolidation, has harmed, and in the future could harm, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our products are highly complex, have recurring support requirements and could have unknown defects or errors, which may give rise to claims against us or divert application of our resources from other purposes. 
 Products using our SMRT sequencing and SBB technology are highly complex and may develop or contain undetected defects or errors. Our customers have previously experienced reliability issues with our existing products, including the Sequel and Sequel II/IIe systems. In addition, it is possible our customers could experience reliability issues with current or future products, including the Sequel II/IIe, Revio, Onso and Vega systems. Despite internal and external testing, defects, or errors may arise in our products, which could result in a failure to obtain, maintain, or increase market acceptance of our products, diversion of development resources, injury to our reputation and increased warranty, service, and maintenance costs. New products, including the Revio, Onso and Vega systems, or enhancements to our existing products, including the SMRT Cell and the Sequel II/IIe systems, in particular may contain undetected errors or performance problems that are discovered only after delivery to customers. If our products have reliability or other quality issues or require unexpected levels of support in the future, the market acceptance and utilization of our products may not grow to levels sufficient to support our costs and our reputation and business could be harmed. Low utilization rates of our products has and could in the future cause our revenue and gross margins to be adversely affected. We provide a warranty for our sequencing instruments and consumables, which is generally limited to replacing, repairing, or at our option, giving credit for any sequencing instrument or consumable with defects in material or workmanship. Service contracts for our sequencing instruments may be separately purchased. Defects or errors in our products may also discourage customers from purchasing our products. The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors may be substantial and could materially and adversely affect our operating margins. If our service and support costs increase, our business and operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, such defects or errors could lead to the filing of product liability claims against us or against third parties whom we may have an obligation to indemnify against such claims, which could be costly and time-consuming to defend and result in substantial damages. Although we have product liability insurance, any product liability insurance that we have or procure in the future may not protect our business from the financial impact of a product liability claim. Moreover, we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage on acceptable terms. Any insurance that we have or obtain will be subject to deductibles and coverage limits. A product liability claim could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 A significant portion of our sales depends on customers spending budgets that may be subject to significant and unexpected variation which could have a negative effect on the demand for our products. 
 Our instruments represent significant capital expenditures for our customers in research applications. Current and potential customers for our current or future products include academic and government institutions, genome centers, medical research institutions, clinical laboratories, pharmaceutical, agricultural, biotechnology, diagnostic and chemical companies. Their spending budgets can have a significant effect on the demand for our products. Spending budgets are based on a wide variety of factors, including the allocation of available resources to make purchases, funding from government sources which is highly uncertain and subject to change, the spending priorities among various types of research equipment, policies regarding capital expenditures during economically uncertain periods and the potential impacts from health epidemics or pandemics. Any decrease in capital spending or change in spending priorities of our current and potential customers could significantly reduce the demand for our products. Any delay or reduction in purchases by current or potential customers or our inability to forecast fluctuations in demand could materially and adversely harm our future operating results. 
 We may not be able to convert our orders in backlog into revenue. 
 Our backlog represents product orders from our customers that we have confirmed but have not been able to fulfill, and, accordingly, for which we have not yet recognized revenue. We may not receive revenue from these orders, and any order backlog we report may not be indicative of our future revenue. 
 Many events can cause an order to be delayed or not completed at all, some of which may be out of our control, including the potential impacts from health epidemics or pandemics and our suppliers, especially our sole source suppliers, not being able to provide us with products or components. If we delay fulfilling customer orders or if customers reconsider their orders, those customers may seek to cancel or modify their orders with us. Customers may otherwise seek to cancel or delay their orders even if we are prepared to fulfill them. If our orders in backlog do not result in sales, our operating results may suffer. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Our sales cycles are unpredictable and lengthy, which makes it difficult to forecast revenue and may increase the magnitude of quarterly or annual fluctuations in our operating results. 
 The sales cycles for our sequencing instruments are lengthy because they represent a major capital expenditure and generally require the approval of our customers senior management. This may contribute to substantial fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results, particularly during periods in which our sales volume is low. Because of these fluctuations, it is likely that in some future quarters our operating results will fall below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. If that happens, the market price of our stock would likely decrease. Past fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results have resulted in decreases in our stock price. Such fluctuations also mean that investors may not be able to rely on our operating results in any particular period as an indication of future performance. Sales to existing customers and the establishment of a business relationship with other potential customers is a lengthy process, generally taking several months and sometimes longer. Following the establishment of the relationship, the negotiation of purchase terms can be time-consuming, including as a result of seasonal factors, as discussed below, and a potential customer may require an extended evaluation and testing period. Our sales cycles may also lengthen, and those sales cycles may result in lower units sold per cycle, as we continue to introduce our Revio and Onso instruments and their associated consumables to the market, as our customers may have additional administrative, technical or other requirements associated with transitioning to new products and technologies. In anticipation of product orders, we may incur substantial costs before the sales cycle is complete and before we receive any customer payments. As a result, if a sale is not completed or is canceled or delayed, we may have incurred substantial expenses, making it more difficult for us to become profitable or otherwise negatively impacting our financial results. Even if our selling efforts are successful, the realization of revenue may be substantially delayed, our ability to forecast our future revenue may be more limited and our revenue may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year over year. For more information on the impact of these fluctuations on our results and stock price, see Our operating results fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year over year, which makes our future results difficult to predict and could negatively impact the market price of our common stock , below. 
 Because some of our customers and suppliers are based in China, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic tensions between the United States and China. 
 We are subject to risks associated with political conflicts between the U.S. and China. A significant portion of our revenue is generated from China. For example, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, one of our customers, who is our primary distributor in China, accounted for approximately 12 and 13 of our total revenue, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, no single customer accounted for 10 or greater of our total revenue. In addition, certain c omponents, some of which are critical components, of our products are manufactured in China. These components are either sourced directly from companies in China or indirectly from third parties that source from companies in China. 
 Consequently, we are subject to significant risks associated with the trading relationship between the U.S. and China, which is currently characterized by significant uncertainty. Tariffs imposed by the U.S. and China have increased, and may continue to increase, our costs. Additionally, export restrictions imposed by the U.S. may impact our ability to export certain products to customers or distributors in China and restrict our ability to use certain integrated circuits in our products, and it is possible that additional restrictions will be put in place that could impact our ability to provide our products to customers or distributors in China or source components from China. Moreover, the Chinese government may retaliate against U.S. trade restrictions in ways that could impact our business. Given the relatively fluid regulatory environment in China and the United States and uncertainty how the U.S. or foreign governments will act with respect to export controls, tariffs, international trade agreements and policies, there could be additional import, export, tax, or other regulatory changes in the future. Any such changes could directly and adversely impact our financial results and results of operations. For more information, see Enhanced trade tariffs, import restrictions, export restrictions, Chinese regulations or other trade barriers may materially harm our business. 
 Other risks could include: 
 interruptions to operations in China as a result of potential disease outbreaks or natural catastrophic events, which have in the past and can result in the future in business closures, transportation restrictions, import and export complications and cause shortages in the supply of raw materials or disruptions in manufacturing; 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 product supply disruptions and increased costs as a result of heightened exposure to changes in the policies of the Chinese government, political unrest or unstable economic conditions in China; and 
 the nationalization or other expropriation of private enterprises or intellectual property by the Chinese government. 
 Difficulties in this relationship may require us to take actions adverse to our business to comply with governmental restrictions on business and trade with China. 
 We face significant risks associated with doing business with Taiwanese suppliers and manufacturers due to the tense relationship between Taiwan and mainland China. 
 Substantially all of our consumable chips are partly manufactured by a company based in Taiwan. Our supply of consumables chips and other critical components may be materially and adversely affected by diplomatic, geopolitical, military and other developments affecting the relationship between China and Taiwan. Recent military exercises in the Taiwan Strait have contributed to geopolitical uncertainty regarding the future of the relationship between China and Taiwan. Current or future diplomatic, geopolitical, military or other tensions between China and Taiwan may lead to circumstances that negatively affect the availability of such consumable chips and other critical components to us, which could limit or prohibit our ability to manufacture consumable chips and other critical components or lead to an increase in our supply costs if we cannot find a similar cost alternative supplier, which could materially and adversely impact our business, operations, prospects, financial condition and results, and results of operations. 
 Our operating results fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year over year, which makes our future results difficult to predict and could negatively impact the market price of our common stock. 
 Sales of our products, particularly our sequencing instruments, are subject to significant seasonality due to several factors, including the procurement and budgeting cycles of many of our customers, especially government-funded customers, which often coincide with government fiscal year ends, and significant holidays (such as Lunar New Year celebrations in Asia) disrupting business and sales activities in key markets. These factors have contributed, and in the future may contribute, to substantial fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. 
 Our operating results during any given period can also be impacted by numerous other factors, including the following: 
 market acceptance for our products; 
 our ability to attract new customers; 
 the length of our sales cycles, as discussed above; 
 our ability to achieve economies of scale and other manufacturing efficiencies at the rate we anticipate; 
 publications of studies by us, our competitors or third parties; 
 the timing and success of new product introductions by us or our competitors or other changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry, such as consolidation; 
 the amount and timing of our costs and expenses; 
 changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 
 general economic, industry and market conditions; 
 the impact of catastrophic events, including health epidemics or pandemics and military or other armed conflicts; 
 the regulatory environment in which we operate; 
 expenses associated with warranty obligations or unforeseen product quality issues; 
 the hiring, training, and retention of key employees, including our ability to grow our sales organization; 
 litigation or other claims against us for intellectual property infringement or otherwise; 
 our ability to obtain additional financing as necessary; and 
 changes or trends in new technologies and industry standards. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Consequently, it is possible that in some quarters our operating results will fall below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. If that happens, the market price of our common stock would likely decrease. These fluctuations, among other factors, also mean that our operating results in any particular period may not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Additionally, any bankruptcy of a customer, such as Invitae, or other party with whom we do business, or the failure of any such party to make payments when due, or any breach or default by any such party, or the loss of any significant partnerships, could impact our revenue recognition or result in material losses to us, which may have a material adverse impact on our business. Seasonal or cyclical variations in our sales have in the past, and may in the future, become more or less pronounced over time, and have in the past materially affected, and may in the future materially affect, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our ability to use net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to substantial limitations, and changes to U.S. tax laws may cause us to make adjustments to our financial statements. 
 Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses NOLs to offset future taxable income. We believe that we have had one or more ownership changes, and as a result our existing NOLs are currently subject to limitation. Future changes in our stock ownership could result in additional ownership changes, including potentially material changes, under Section 382. Further, recently enacted California legislation limits the use of state NOLs for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024 and before January 1, 2027. As a result of this legislation or other unforeseen reasons, we may not be able to utilize some or all of our NOLs even if we attain profitability. 
 Our facilities in California are located near earthquake faults, and the occurrence of an earthquake or other catastrophic disaster could cause damage to our facilities and equipment, which could require us to cease or curtail operations. 
 Our facilities in California are located near earthquake fault zones and are vulnerable to damage from earthquakes. We are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including fire, floods, power loss, communications failures and similar events. If any disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business at our facilities would be seriously, or potentially completely, impaired. In addition, the nature of our activities could cause significant delays in our research programs and commercial activities and make it difficult for us to recover from a disaster. The insurance we maintain may not be adequate to cover our losses resulting from disasters or other business interruptions. Accordingly, an earthquake or other disaster could materially and adversely harm our ability to conduct business. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Failure to secure patent or other intellectual property protection for our products and improvements to our products may reduce our ability to maintain any technological or competitive advantage over our current and potential competitors. 
 Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is uncertain and depends on complex legal and factual questions. Our ability to establish or maintain a technological or competitive advantage over our competitors may be diminished because of these uncertainties. For example: 
 we or our licensors might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications or issued patents; 
 we or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 
 it is possible that neither our pending patent applications nor the pending patent applications of our licensors will result in issued patents; 
 the scope of the patent protection we or our licensors obtain may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from practicing our technologies, developing competing products, designing around our patented technologies or independently developing similar or alternative technologies; 
 our and our licensors patent applications or patents have been, are and may in the future be, subject to interference, opposition or similar administrative proceedings, which could result in those patent applications failing to issue as patents, those patents being held invalid or the scope of those patents being substantially reduced; 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 our enforcement of patents and proprietary rights in other countries may be problematic or unpredictable; 
 we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions; 
 we or our partners may not adequately protect our trade secrets; 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; or 
 the patents of others may limit our freedom to operate and prevent us from commercializing our technology in accordance with our plans. 
 The occurrence of any of these events could impair our ability to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others or prevent us from establishing or maintaining a competitive advantage over our competitors. 
 Variability in intellectual property laws may adversely affect our intellectual property position. 
 Intellectual property laws, and patent laws and regulations in particular, have been subject to significant variability either through administrative or legislative changes to such laws or regulations or changes or differences in judicial interpretation, and it is expected that such variability will continue to occur. Additionally, intellectual property laws and regulations differ by country. Variations in the patent laws and regulations or in interpretations of patent laws and regulations in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property and may change the impact of third-party intellectual property on us. Accordingly, we cannot predict the scope of the patents that may be granted to us with certainty, the extent to which we will be able to enforce our patents against third parties or the extent to which third parties may be able to enforce their patents against us. 
 Some of the intellectual property that is important to our business is owned by other companies or institutions and licensed to us, and changes to the rights we have licensed may adversely impact our business. 
 We license from third parties some of the intellectual property that is important to our business. If the third parties who license intellectual property to us fail to maintain the intellectual property that we have licensed, or lose rights to that intellectual property, the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated, which would eliminate barriers against our competition. Termination of these licenses or reduction or elimination of our licensed rights may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated licenses with less favorable terms, or could subject us to claims of intellectual property infringement or contract breach in litigation or other administrative proceedings that could result in damage awards against us and injunctions that could prohibit us from selling our products. In addition, some of our licenses from third parties limit the field in which we can use the licensed technology. Therefore, for us to use such licensed technology in potential future applications that are outside the licensed field of use, we may be required to negotiate new licenses with our licensors or expand our rights under our existing licenses. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain such licenses or expanded rights on reasonable terms or at all. In the event a dispute with our licensors were to occur, our licensors may seek to renegotiate the terms of our licenses, increase the royalty rates that we pay to obtain and maintain those licenses, limit the field or scope of the licenses, or terminate the license agreements. In addition, we have limited rights to participate in the prosecution and enforcement of the patents and patent applications that we have licensed. If we fail to meet our obligations under these licenses, or if we have a dispute regarding the terms of the licenses, these third parties could terminate the licenses, which could subject us to claims of intellectual property infringement. As a result, we cannot be certain that these patents and applications will be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. Further, because of the rapid pace of technological change in our industry, we may need to rely on key technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we may not be able to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or on reasonable terms. The occurrence of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 The measures that we use to protect the security of and enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights may not be adequate, which could result in the loss of legal protection for, and thereby diminish the value of, such intellectual property and other rights. 
 In addition to patents, we also rely upon trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and unfair competition laws, as well as license agreements and other contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. Despite these measures, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, or misappropriated. In addition, we attempt to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information by requiring our employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality and assignment of inventions agreements, and by entering into confidentiality agreements with our third-party development, manufacturing, sales, and distribution partners, who may also acquire, develop and/or commercialize alternative or competing products or provide services to our competitors. For example, Roche had certain access to our trade secrets and other proprietary information pursuant to an agreement we had entered into with Roche, subject to the confidentiality provisions thereof (certain of which provisions survive the termination of the agreement); however, Roche is developing potentially competing sequencing products. There can be no assurance that our measures have provided or will provide adequate protection for our intellectual property and proprietary information. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets and other proprietary information may be disclosed to others, or others may gain access to or disclose our trade secrets and other proprietary information. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Additionally, others may independently develop proprietary information and techniques that are substantially equivalent to ours. The occurrence of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Our intellectual property may be subject to challenges in the United States or foreign jurisdictions that could adversely affect our intellectual property position. 
 Our pending, issued and granted U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications have been, are and may in the future be, subject to challenges by ONT Ltd., ONT Inc. and Metrichor, Ltd. Metrichor and, together with ONT Ltd. and ONT Inc., ONT in addition to other parties asserting prior invention by others or invalidity on various grounds, through proceedings, such as interferences , reexaminations, or opposition proceedings. Addressing these challenges to our intellectual property has been, and any future challenges can be, costly and distract management s attention and resources. For example, we previously incurred significant legal expenses to litigate and settle a complaint seeking review of a patent interference decision of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Additionally, ONT previously requested that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office institute inter partes reviews of certain patents that we have asserted against ONT Inc. and ONT Ltd. in litigation proceedings for patent infringement. While none of the inter partes reviews requested by ONT were instituted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, challenges of this nature before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board PTAB in the future could result in determinations that our patents or pending patent applications are unpatentable to us, or are invalidated or unenforceable in whole or in part and could require us to expend significant time, funds, and other resources in litigating such challenges. Accordingly, adverse rulings in such proceedings could negatively impact the scope of our intellectual property protection for our products and technology and could materially and adversely affect our business. Similar mechanisms for challenging the validity and enforceability of a patent exist in foreign patent offices and courts and may result in the revocation, cancellation, or amendment of any foreign patents we hold now or in the future. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable, and prior art could render our patents invalid. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on such products. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Some of our technology is subject to march-in rights by the U.S. government. 
 Some of our patented technology was developed with U.S. federal government funding. When new technologies are developed with U.S. government funding, the government obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a nonexclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention for non-commercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use our patented technology. The government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that such action is necessary to (i) achieve practical application of the U.S. government-funded technology, (ii) alleviate health or safety needs, (iii) meet requirements of federal regulations, or (iv) give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, U.S. government-funded inventions must be reported to the government and such government funding must be disclosed in any resulting patent applications. Furthermore, our rights in such inventions are subject to government license rights and foreign manufacturing restrictions. The U.S. government has generally denied requests to exercise its march-in rights, even to provide access to potentially life-saving medications; however, if the U.S. government were to exercise its march-in rights to our patent technologies funded by the U.S. government, particularly for the benefit of one of more of our competitors, that may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are involved in legal proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights. 
 Our intellectual property rights involve complex factual, scientific, and legal questions. We operate in an industry characterized by significant intellectual property litigation. Even though we may believe that we have a valid patent on a particular technology, other companies have from time to time taken, and may in the future take, actions that we believe violate our patent rights. For example, we were previously involved in legal proceedings with ONT and Harvard University in several United States and European jurisdictions. We have in the past received adverse rulings against us with respect to our complaint with the United States International Trade Commission for one of these proceedings. Legal actions to enforce our patent rights have been, and will continue to be, expensive, and may divert significant management time and resources. Adverse parties from previous legal actions have brought, and they and others may in the future bring, claims against us and/or our intellectual property. Litigation is a significant ongoing expense, recognized in sales, general and administrative expense, with an uncertain outcome, and has been, and may in the future be, a material expense for us. Our enforcement actions may not be successful, have given rise to legal claims against us and could result in some of our intellectual property rights being determined to be invalid or not enforceable. Furthermore, an adverse determination or judgement could lead to an award of damages against us, or the issuance of an injunction against us or our products that could prevent us from selling any products found to be infringing the intellectual property rights of another party. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 We have been, are currently, and could in the future be, subject to legal proceedings with third parties who may claim that our products infringe or misappropriate their intellectual property rights. 
 Our products are based on complex, rapidly developing technologies. We may not be aware of issued or previously filed patent applications that belong to third parties that mature into issued patents that cover some aspect of our products or their use. In addition, because patent litigation is complex and the outcome inherently uncertain, our belief that our products do not infringe third-party patents of which we are aware or that such third-party patents are invalid and unenforceable may be determined to be incorrect. As a result, third parties have claimed, and may in the future claim, that we infringe their patent rights and have filed, and may in the future file lawsuits or engage in other proceedings against us to enforce their patent rights. For example, we are involved in legal proceedings for alleged patent infringement and related matters in the United States with Personal Genomics of Taiwan, Inc. PGI ), Take2 Technologies, Ltd., and the Chinese University of Hong Kong. In addition, ONT Ltd. and Harvard University have, in the past, filed claims against us in the High Court of England and Wales and the District Court of Mannheim, Germany for patent infringement, and PGI has filed claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware and in the Wuhan People s Court in China. We are aware of other issued patents and patent applications owned by third parties that could be construed to read on our products, and related maintenance and support services. Although we do not believe that our products or services infringe any valid issued patents, the third-party owners of these patents and applications may in the future claim that we infringe their patent rights and file lawsuits against us. In addition, as we enter new markets, our competitors and other third parties may claim that our products infringe their intellectual property rights as part of a business strategy to impede our successful entry into those markets. Furthermore, parties making claims against us may be able to obtain injunctive or other relief, which effectively could block our ability to further develop or commercialize products or services and could result in the award of substantial damages against us. Patent litigation between competitors in our industry is common. Additionally, we have certain obligations to many of our customers and suppliers to indemnify and defend them against claims by third parties that our products or their use infringe any intellectual property of these third parties. In defending ourselves against any of these claims, we have in the past incurred, and could in the future incur, to defend ourselves or our customers, substantial costs, and the attention of our management and technical personnel could be diverted. For example, we previously incurred significant legal expenses to litigate and settle a complaint alleging patent infringement. Even if we have an agreement that indemnifies us against such costs, the indemnifying party may be unable to uphold its contractual obligations. To avoid or settle legal claims, it may be necessary or desirable in the future to obtain licenses relating to one or more products or relating to current or future technologies, which could negatively affect our gross margins. We may not be able to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We may be unable to modify our products so that they do not infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties. In some situations, the results of litigation or settlement of claims may require us to cease allegedly infringing activities which could prevent us from selling some or all of our products. The occurrence of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 In addition, in the course of our business, we may from time to time have access or be alleged to have access to confidential or proprietary information of others, which, though not patented, may be protected as trade secrets. Others could bring claims against us asserting that we improperly used their confidential or proprietary information, or that we misappropriated their technologies and incorporated those technologies into our products. A determination that we illegally used the confidential or proprietary information or misappropriated technologies of others in our products could result in us paying substantial damage awards or being prevented from further developing or selling some or all of our products, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We have not yet registered some of our trademarks in all of our potential markets, and failure to secure those registrations could adversely affect our business. 
 Some of our trademark applications may not be allowed for registration, and our registered trademarks may not be maintained or enforced. In addition, in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Our use of open source software could adversely affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation. 
 A portion of the products or technologies developed and/or distributed by us incorporate open source software, and we may incorporate open source software into other products or technologies in the future. Some open source software licenses require that we disclose the source code for any modifications to such open source software that we make and distribute to one or more third parties, and that we license the source code for such modifications to third parties, including our competitors, at no cost. We monitor the use of open source software in our products to avoid uses in a manner that would require us to disclose or grant licenses under our source code that we wish to maintain as proprietary; however, there can be no assurance that such efforts have been or will be successful. In some circumstances, distribution of our software that includes or is linked with open source software could require that we disclose and license some or all of our proprietary source code in that software, which could include permitting the use of such software and source code at no cost to the user. Open source license terms are often ambiguous and there is little legal precedent governing the interpretation of these licenses. Successful claims made by the licensors of open source software that we have violated the terms of these licenses could result in unanticipated obligations, including being subject to significant damages, being enjoined from distributing products that incorporate open source software and being required to make available our proprietary source code pursuant to an open source license, which could substantially help our competitors develop products that are similar to or better than ours or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business. 
 Risks Related to Regulation 
 We are, and may become, subject to governmental regulations that may impose burdens on our operations, and the markets for our products may be narrowed. 
 We are subject, both directly and indirectly, to the adverse impact of government regulation of our operations and markets. For example, export of our instruments may be subject to strict regulatory control in a number of jurisdictions, and we could experience disruption in our supply chain as a result of certain geopolitical events and conflicts and any related political or economic responses and counter-responses or otherwise by various global actors. Following Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the United States and other countries imposed certain economic sanctions and severe export control restrictions against Russia and Belarus as well as certain Russian nationals and individuals and entities with ties to Russia, Belarus, and this conflict. These sanctions and restrictions have continued to increase as the conflict has further escalated and now cover the export of our products to Russia, and the United States and other countries could impose even wider sanctions and export restrictions and take other actions in the future that could further limit our ability to provide products in certain locations. Additionally, restrictions on the ability to send certain products and technology related to semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing, and supercomputing to China without an export license may impact our ability to provide products to customers or distributors in China. We have expanded and are continuing to expand the international jurisdictions into which we supply products, which increases the risks surrounding governmental regulations relating to our business. The need to or failure to satisfy export control criteria or to obtain necessary clearances could delay or prevent shipment of products, which could materially and adversely affect our revenue and profitability. Moreover, the life sciences industry, which is expected to continue to be one of the primary markets for our technology, has historically been heavily regulated. There are, for example, laws in several jurisdictions restricting research in genetic engineering, which may narrow our markets. Given the evolving nature of this industry, legislative bodies or regulatory authorities may adopt additional regulations that may adversely affect our market opportunities. Additionally, if ethical and other concerns surrounding the use of genetic information, diagnostics or therapies become widespread, there may be less demand for our products. 
 Our business is also directly affected by a wide variety of government regulations applicable to business enterprises generally and to companies operating in the life science industry in particular. Failure to comply with government regulations or obtain or maintain necessary permits and licenses could result in a variety of fines or other censures or an interruption in our business operations which may have a negative impact on our ability to generate revenue and the cost of operating our business. In addition, changes to laws and government regulations could cause a material adverse effect on our business as we will need to adapt our business to comply with such changes. For example, a governmental prohibition on the use of human in vitro diagnostics or other regulations that negatively impact the research and development activities of our customers would adversely impact our commercialization of products on which we have expended significant research and development resources, which would in turn have a material adverse impact on our business and prospects. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Our products could become subject to government regulation as medical devices by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or other domestic and international regulatory agencies even if we do not elect to seek regulatory clearance or approval to market our products for diagnostic purposes, which could increase our costs and impede or delay our commercialization efforts, thereby materially and adversely affecting our business and results of operations. 
 Our products are currently labeled and promoted as research use only RUO products and are not currently designed, or intended to be used, for clinical diagnostic tests or as medical devices. However, in the future, certain of our products or related applications, such as those that may be developed for clinical uses, could be subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), or the FDA s regulatory jurisdiction could be expanded to include our products. Also, even if our products are labeled, promoted, and intended as RUO, the FDA or comparable agencies of other countries could disagree with our conclusion that our products are intended for research use only or deem our sales, marketing and promotional efforts as being inconsistent with the FDA s guidance on RUO products. For example, our customers may independently elect to use our RUO labeled products in their own laboratory developed tests LDTs for clinical diagnostic use, which could subject our products to government regulation, and the regulatory clearance or approval and maintenance process for such products may be uncertain, expensive, and time-consuming. 
 In particular, in 2013, the FDA issued Final Guidance Distribution of In Vitro Diagnostic Products Labeled for Research Use Only. The guidance emphasizes that the FDA will review the totality of the circumstances when it comes to evaluating whether equipment and testing components are properly labeled as RUO. The final guidance states that merely including a labeling statement that the product is for research purposes only will not necessarily render the device exempt from the FDA s clearance, approval, and other regulatory requirements if the circumstances surrounding the distribution, marketing and promotional practices indicate that the manufacturer knows its products are, or intends for its products to be, used for clinical diagnostic purposes. These circumstances may include written or verbal sales and marketing claims or links to articles regarding a product s performance in clinical applications and a manufacturer s provision of technical support for clinical applications. 
 Regulatory requirements related to marketing, selling, and distribution of RUO products could change or be uncertain, even if clinical uses of our RUO products by our customers were done without our consent. If the FDA or other regulatory authorities assert that any of our RUO products are subject to regulatory clearance or approval, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. In the event that we fail to obtain and maintain necessary regulatory clearances or approvals for products that we develop for clinical uses, or if clearances or approvals for future products and indications are delayed or not issued, our commercial operations may be materially harmed. Furthermore, even if we are granted regulatory clearances or approvals, they may include significant limitations on the indicated uses for the product, which may limit the market for the product. We do not have experience in obtaining FDA approvals and no assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain or to maintain such approvals. Furthermore, any approvals that we may obtain can be revoked if safety or efficacy problems develop. 
 The FDA has historically exercised enforcement discretion in not enforcing the medical device regulations against laboratories developing and offering LDTs. In May 2024, the FDA issued a final rule that phases out its enforcement discretion for LDTs, unless exempt, and amends the FDA s regulations to make explicit that in vitro diagnostics are medical devices under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, including when the manufacturer of the diagnostic product is a laboratory. The American Clinical Laboratory Association and a private laboratory have initiated litigation against the agency to challenge the implementation of this final rule. We will continue to evaluate the impact of this final rule, this litigation, as well as any future lawsuits brought against the FDA, and future legislative and administration actions on our business. Further, the U.S. Supreme Court recently overruled the Chevron doctrine, which gave deference to regulatory agencies statutory interpretations in litigation against federal government agencies, such as the FDA, where the law is ambiguous. This landmark Supreme Court decision may invite various stakeholders to bring lawsuits against the FDA to challenge longstanding decisions of the FDA, which could undermine the FDA s authority and lead to uncertainties in the industry. We cannot predict the full impact of this decision on our business or that of our customers. 
 Future legislative or administrative actions can impact the sales of our products and how customers use our products, and may require us to change our business model in order to maintain compliance with applicable laws. Changes to the current regulatory framework, including the imposition of additional or new regulations, could arise at any time during the development or marketing of our products, which may negatively affect our ability to obtain or maintain FDA or comparable regulatory approval of our products, if required. Further, sales of 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 devices for diagnostic purposes may subject us to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the applicable government agencies. Such laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback or anti-referral laws, healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, privacy and security laws, Physician Payments Sunshine Act and related transparency and manufacturer reporting laws, and other laws and regulations applicable to medical device manufacturers. 
 If the FDA determines our products or related applications should be subject to additional regulation as in vitro diagnostic devices based upon customers use of our products for clinical diagnostic or therapeutic decision-making purposes, our ability to market and sell our products could be impeded and our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. In addition, the FDA could consider our products to be misbranded or adulterated under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and subject to recall and/or other enforcement action. 
 To the extent we elect to label and promote any of our products as medical devices, we would be required to obtain prior approval or clearance by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority, which could take significant time and expense and could fail to result in a marketing authorization for the intended uses we believe are commercially attractive. Obtaining marketing authorization in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining marketing authorization in other jurisdictions where we conduct business. 
 If we elect to label and market our products for use as, or in the performance of, clinical diagnostics in the United States, thereby subjecting them to FDA regulation as medical devices, we would be required to obtain pre-market 510(k) clearance or pre-market approval from the FDA, unless an exception applies. It is possible, in the event we elect to submit 510(k) applications for certain of our products, that the FDA would take the position that a more burdensome pre-market application, such as a PMA or a de novo application is required for some of our products. If such applications were required, greater time and investment would be required to obtain FDA approval. Even if the FDA agreed that a 510(k) was appropriate, FDA clearance can be expensive and time consuming. It generally takes a significant amount of time to prepare a 510(k), including conducting appropriate testing on our products, and several months to years for the FDA to review a submission. Notwithstanding the effort and expense, FDA clearance or approval could be denied for some or all of our products for which we choose to market as a medical device or a clinical diagnostic device. Even if we were to seek and obtain regulatory approval or clearance, it may not be for the intended uses we request or that we believe are important or commercially attractive. There can be no assurance that future products for which we may seek pre-market clearance or approval will be approved or cleared by FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority on a timely basis, if at all, nor can there be assurance that labeling claims will be consistent with our anticipated claims or adequate to support continued adoption of such products. Compliance with FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority regulations will require substantial costs, and subject us to heightened scrutiny by regulators and substantial penalties for failure to comply with such requirements or the inability to market our products. The lengthy and unpredictable pre-market clearance or approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of any required clinical studies, may result in our failing to obtain regulatory clearance or approval to market such products, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations, reputation, and prospects. 
 If we sought and received regulatory clearance or approval for certain of our products, we would be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and continued regulatory oversight and review, including the general controls listed above and the FDA s QSRs for our development and manufacturing operations. In addition, we would be required to obtain a new 510(k) clearance before we could introduce subsequent material modifications or improvements to such products. We could also be subject to additional FDA post-marketing obligations for such products, any or all of which would increase our costs and divert resources away from other projects. If we sought and received regulatory clearance or approval and are not able to maintain regulatory compliance with applicable laws, we could be prohibited from marketing our products for use as, or in the performance of, clinical diagnostics and/or could be subject to enforcement actions, including warning letters and adverse publicity, fines, injunctions, and civil penalties; recall or seizure of products; operating restrictions; and criminal prosecution. 
 Further, if we decide to seek regulatory clearance or approval for certain of our products in countries outside of the United States or if a foreign regulatory authority determines that our products are regulated as medical devices, we would be subject to extensive medical device laws and regulations outside of the United States. Sales of such products outside the United States will likely be subject to foreign regulatory requirements, which can vary greatly from country to country. As a result, the time required to obtain clearances or approvals outside the United States may differ from that required to obtain FDA clearance or approval and we may not be able to 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all. In Europe, we would need to comply with the Medical Device Regulation 2017/745 and In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation 2017/746, which could make obtaining regulatory approvals in Europe more challenging. In addition, the FDA regulates exports of medical devices. The number and scope of these requirements are increasing. Unlike many of the other companies offering nucleic acid sequencing equipment or consumables, this is an area where we do not have expertise. We, or our other third-party sales and distribution partners, may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals in such countries or may incur significant costs in obtaining or maintaining our foreign regulatory approvals. In addition, the export by us of certain of our products, which have not yet been cleared for domestic commercial distribution, may be subject to FDA or other export restrictions. Failure to comply with these regulatory requirements or obtain and maintain required approvals, clearances and certifications could impair our ability to commercialize our products for diagnostic use outside of the United States. Any action brought against us for violations of these laws or regulations, even if successfully defended, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. 
 Enhanced trade tariffs, import restrictions, export restrictions, or other trade barriers may materially harm our business. 
 We are continuing to expand our international operations as part of our growth strategy and have experienced an increasing concentration of sales in certain regions outside the United States, especially the Asia-Pacific region, as discussed above. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and various other countries, most significantly China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. Starting in September 2018, the U.S. Trade Representative (the USTR enacted various tariffs of 7.5 , 10 , 15 , and 25 on the import of Chinese products, including non-U.S. components and materials that may be used in our products. Additionally, China also has imposed tariffs on imports into China from the United States. These tariffs have and could continue to raise our costs. Furthermore, tariffs, trade restrictions, or trade barriers that have been, and may in the future be, placed on products such as ours by foreign governments, especially China, have raised, and could further raise, amounts paid for some or all of our products, which may result in the loss of customers and our business, and our financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. Further tariffs may be imposed that could cover imports of additional components and materials used in our products, or our business may be adversely impacted by retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries, including restricted access to components or materials used in our products or increased amounts that must be paid for our products, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, the U.S. government imposed controls restricting the ability to send certain products and technology related to semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing, and supercomputing to China without an export license. These controls also apply to certain hardware containing these specified integrated circuits. In many cases, these licenses are subject to a policy of denial and will not be issued. It is possible that additional restrictions will be put in place. These existing and future controls may impact our ability to export certain products to customers or distributors in China or other locations and restrict our ability to use certain integrated circuits in our products. The U.S. government also continues to add additional entities in China to restricted party lists impacting the ability of U.S. companies to provide items to these entities. Moreover, in November 2018, the U.S. Commerce Department s Bureau of Industry and Security BIS released an advance notice of proposed rulemaking to control the export of emerging technologies. This notice included [b]iotechnology, including nanobiology; synthetic biology; genomic and genetic engineering; or neurotech as possible areas of increased export controls. The Biden Administration has continued to provide updated lists of emerging technologies subject to national security consents. These lists continue to include biotechnologies including [g]enome and protein engineering including design tools and [b]iomanufacturing and bioprocessing technologies. Therefore, it is possible that our ability to export our products to customers or distributors may be further restricted in the future. 
 It is possible that the Chinese government will retaliate in response to existing or future U.S. export controls or trade restrictions in ways that could impact our business. It also is possible that additional restrictions will be put in place that could impact our ability to provide our products to customers or distributors in China or source components from China. The continued threats of tariffs, trade restrictions and trade barriers could have a generally disruptive impact on the global economy and, therefore, negatively impact our sales. Given the relatively fluid regulatory environment in China and the United States and uncertainty how the U.S. or foreign governments will act with respect to export controls, tariffs, international trade agreements and policies, there could be additional tax or other regulatory changes in the future. Any such changes could directly and adversely impact our financial results and results of operations. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Our international business could expose us to business, regulatory, political, operational, financial, and economic risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. 
 Engaging in international business inherently involves a number of difficulties and risks, including: 
 required compliance with existing and changing foreign regulatory requirements and laws that are or may be applicable to our business in the future, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and other data privacy requirements, labor and employment regulations, anti-competition regulations, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and other anti-corruption laws, regulations relating to the use of certain hazardous substances or chemicals in commercial products, and require the collection, reuse, and recycling of waste from products we manufacture; 
 required compliance with U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other U.S. federal laws and trade and economic sanctions and other regulations established by the Office of Foreign Asset Control; 
 export requirements and import or trade restrictions; 
 laws and business practices favoring local companies; 
 restrictions on both inbound and outbound cross-border investment; 
 foreign currency exchange, longer payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; 
 changes in social, economic, and political conditions or in laws, regulations and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, research and development, and investment both domestically as well as in the other countries and jurisdictions in which we operate and into which we may sell our products including as a result of the separation of the United Kingdom from the European Union Brexit and ongoing geopolitical tensions related to the political uncertainty and military actions associated with the war in Ukraine, resulting sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries, and retaliatory actions taken by Russia in response to such sanctions; 
 potentially adverse tax consequences, tariffs, customs charges, bureaucratic requirements, and other trade barriers; 
 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations; and 
 difficulties protecting, maintaining, enforcing, or procuring intellectual property rights and defending against intellectual property claims under the law and judicial systems of other countries. 
 If one or more of these risks occurs, it could require us to dedicate significant resources to remedy such occurrence, and if we are unsuccessful in finding a solution, our financial results will suffer. 
 Our operations involve the use of hazardous materials, and we must comply with environmental, health and safety laws, which can be expensive and may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our research and development and manufacturing activities involve the use of hazardous materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and some of our products include hazardous materials. Accordingly, we are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, and permits relating to environmental, health and safety matters, including, among others, those governing the use, storage, handling, exposure to and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the health and safety of our employees, and the shipment, labeling, collection, recycling, treatment, and disposal of products containing hazardous materials. Liability under environmental laws and regulations can be joint and several and without regard to fault or negligence. For example, under certain circumstances and under certain environmental laws, we could be held liable for costs relating to contamination at our or our predecessors past or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites. We could also be held liable for damages arising out of human exposure to hazardous materials. There can be no assurance that violations of environmental, health and safety laws will not occur as a result of human error, accident, equipment failure or other causes. The failure to comply with past, present or future laws could result in the imposition of substantial fines and penalties, remediation costs, property damage and personal injury claims, investigations, the suspension of production or product sales, loss of permits or a cessation of operations. Any of these events could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. We also expect that our operations will be affected by new environmental, health and safety laws and regulations on an ongoing basis, or more stringent enforcement of existing laws and regulations. New laws or changes to existing 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 laws may result in additional costs and may increase penalties associated with violations or require us to change the content of our products or how we manufacture them, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Ethical, legal, privacy, data protection and social concerns or governmental restrictions surrounding the use of genetic information could reduce demand for our technology. 
 Our products may be used to provide genetic information about humans, agricultural crops and other living organisms. The information obtained from our products could be used in a variety of applications which may have underlying ethical, legal, privacy, data protection and social concerns, including the genetic engineering or modification of agricultural products or testing for genetic predisposition for certain medical conditions. Governmental authorities could, for safety, social or other purposes, call for limits on or regulation of the use of genetic testing, and may consider or adopt such regulations or other restrictions. Such concerns or governmental restrictions could limit the use of our products or be costly and burdensome to comply with, and actual or perceived violations of any such restrictions may lead to the imposition of substantial fines and penalties, remediation costs, claims and litigation, regulatory investigations and proceedings, and other liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Regulations related to conflict minerals has caused us to incur, and will continue to cause us to incur, additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the costs of certain materials used in the manufacture of our products. 
 We are subject to requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 that require us to conduct diligence and report on whether or not our products contain conflict minerals. The implementation of these requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of the materials used in the manufacture of components used in our products. Furthermore, the complex nature of our products requires components and materials that may be available only from a limited number of sources and, in some cases, from only a single source. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, additional costs to comply with the disclosure requirements, including costs related to conducting diligence procedures to determine the sources of conflict minerals that may be used or necessary to the production of our products and, if applicable, potential changes to components, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. We may face reputational harm if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals that are not determined to be conflict free or if we are unable to alter our processes or sources of supply to avoid using such materials. In such circumstances, the reputational harm could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock 
 The price of our common stock has been, is, and may continue to be, highly volatile, and you may be unable to sell your shares at or above the price you paid to acquire them. 
 The market price of our common stock is highly volatile, and we expect it to continue to be volatile for the foreseeable future in response to many risk factors listed in this section, and others beyond our control, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results; 
 announcements of new products, technological innovations or strategic partnerships by us or our competitors; 
 announcements by us, our customers, partners, or suppliers relating directly or indirectly to our products, services or technologies; 
 overall conditions in our industry and market; 
 addition or loss of significant customers; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, capital commitments or achievement of significant milestones; 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 competition from existing products or new products that may emerge; 
 issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts; 
 fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 
 disputes or other developments related to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters or our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our technologies; 
 announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; 
 sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 stock price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; 
 reports, guidance and ratings issued by securities or industry analysts; 
 operating results below the expectations of securities analysts or investors; and 
 general economic and market conditions, which could be impacted by various events including health epidemics or pandemics, interest rate fluctuations, increases in fuel prices, foreign currency fluctuations, international tariffs, acts of terrorism, hostilities or the perception that hostilities may be imminent, military conflict and acts of war, including further political uncertainty and military actions associated with the war in Ukraine and the related response, including sanctions or other restrictive actions, by the United States and/or other countries. 
 If any of the forgoing occurs, it would cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Stock markets in general and the market for companies in our industry in particular have experienced price and volume fluctuations; these fluctuations have been, and may continue to be, exacerbated by and current macroeconomic trends and geopolitical events. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. You may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We have been a party to this type of litigation in the past and may be the target of this type of litigation again in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales might occur, could reduce the market price that our common stock might otherwise attain and may dilute your voting power and your ownership interest in us. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and may make it more difficult for existing stockholders to sell their common stock at a time and price that they deem appropriate and may dilute their voting power and ownership interest in us. 
 In addition, if our stockholders sell, or indicate an intent to sell, a large number of shares of our common stock in the public market, it could cause our stock price to fall, particularly if such sales occur over a short period of time (for example, following delivery of shares upon achievement of milestones in our acquisition agreements). We may also issue shares of common stock or securities convertible into our common stock in connection with a financing, acquisition, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise. Any such issuances would result in dilution to our existing stockholders and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 
 Concentration of ownership by our principal stockholders may result in control by such stockholders of the composition of our board of directors. 
 Our existing principal stockholders, holders of Notes, executive officers, directors, and their affiliates beneficially own, or following conversion of the Notes could own, a significant number of our outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, such parties may acquire additional control by purchasing stock that we issue in connection with our future fundraising efforts. These parties may now and in the future be able to exercise a significant level of control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors. This control could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company or 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 changes in management and will make the approval of certain transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
 authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 50,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock and up to approximately 1,000,000,000 shares of authorized but unissued shares of common stock; 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 
 specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President; 
 establish advance notice procedures for stockholder approvals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 
 establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with each class serving staggered terms (until our board of directors is fully declassified beginning with the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders); 
 provide that our directors may be removed only for cause; and 
 provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum. 
 These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock to merge or combine with us. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws designate a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, and also provide that the federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, each of which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another State court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, stockholders, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law; (iv) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or (v) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except as to each of (i) through (v) above, for any claim as to which such court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of such court. 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated bylaws also provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Securities Act including, without limitation and for the avoidance of doubt, any auditor, underwriter, expert, control person or other defendant. 
 Any person or entity purchasing, holding or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions. Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or any of our directors, stockholders, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims against us and our current and former directors, stockholders, officers or other employees. In addition, a stockholder that is unable to bring a claim in the judicial forum of its choosing may be required to incur additional costs in the pursuit of actions which are subject to the exclusive forum provisions described above. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the event a court finds either exclusive forum provision contained in our bylaws to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results of operations. 
 Our large number of authorized but unissued shares of common stock may potentially dilute existing stockholders stockholdings. 
 We have a significant number of authorized but unissued shares of common stock. Our board of directors may issue shares of common stock from this authorized but unissued pool from time to time without stockholder approval, resulting in the dilution of our existing stockholders. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the operation of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 
 Risks Related to Our Notes 
 We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes in cash or to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Notes. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding approximately 459.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2028 Notes and 441.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2030 Notes. The 2028 Notes will mature on February 15, 2028, subject to earlier conversion, redemption or repurchase, including upon a fundamental change. The 2030 Notes will mature on December 15, 2030, subject to earlier conversion, redemption or repurchase, including upon a fundamental change. The 2030 Notes, the 2029 Notes (following the closing of the notes exchange) and 2028 Notes (prior to the closing of the notes exchange) are collectively referred to as the Notes. 
 Holders of the Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change before the maturity date at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus unpaid interest to, but excluding, the maturity date. In addition, upon conversion of the Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation in cash in respect of the Notes being converted. Moreover, we will be required to repay the Notes in cash at their maturity unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of Notes surrendered therefor or pay cash with respect to Notes being converted or at their maturity. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, our ability to repurchase Notes or to pay cash upon conversions of Notes or at their maturity may be limited by law, regulatory authority or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the respective indenture or to pay cash upon conversions of Notes or at their maturity as required by the respective indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. A default under any of the indentures or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. Moreover, the occurrence of a fundamental change under any of the indentures could constitute an event of default under any such agreement. If the payment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness or to pay cash amounts due upon conversion, upon required repurchase or at maturity of the Notes. 
 If the Notes are converted, it may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 Holders of the Notes are entitled to convert their Notes at any time at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, issuances of shares of common stock upon conversion of our Notes could depress the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. The existence of the Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the Notes could depress the price of our common stock. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Unfavorable global economic or political conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 General conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets could adversely affect our results of operations, and the overall demand for nucleic acid sequencing products may be particularly vulnerable to unfavorable economic conditions. A global financial crisis, inflation or a global or regional political disruption, as well as acts of terrorism, hostilities, military conflict and acts of war, including any further escalation of the conflict in the Middle East and the war in Ukraine, as well as the related responses, could cause extreme volatility in the capital and credit markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn or political disruption could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our products and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy or political disruption could also strain our manufacturers or suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause our customers to delay making payments for our product and services. An impairment in value of our tangible or intangible assets could also be recorded as a result of weaker economic conditions. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the political or economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 
 Delivery of our products could be delayed or disrupted by factors beyond our control, and we could lose customers as a result. 
 We rely on third-party carriers for the timely delivery of our products. As a result, we are subject to carrier disruptions and increased costs that are beyond our control. Any failure to deliver products to our customers in a safe and timely manner may damage our reputation and brand and could cause us to lose customers. If our relationship with any of these third-party carriers is terminated or impaired or if any of these carriers are unable to deliver our products, the delivery of our products by our customers may be delayed, which could harm our business and financial results. The failure to deliver our products in a safe and timely manner may harm our relationship with our customers, increase our costs and otherwise disrupt our operations. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Doing business internationally creates operational and financial risks for our business. 
 We currently conduct operations in various countries and jurisdictions, and continue to expand to new international jurisdictions as part of our growth strategy and have experienced an increasing concentration of sales in certain regions outside the U.S. We sell directly and through distribution partners throughout Europe, the Asia-Pacific region, Mexico, Brazil, and South Africa and have a significant portion of our sales and customer support personnel in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. As a result, we or our distribution partners may be subject to additional regulations and increased diversion of management time and efforts. Conducting and launching operations on an international scale requires close coordination of activities across multiple jurisdictions and time zones and consumes significant management resources. If we fail to coordinate and manage these activities effectively, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to business operations in foreign jurisdictions may also subject us to significant liabilities and other penalties. International operations entail a variety of other risks, including, without limitation: 
 challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 potentially longer sales cycles and more time required to engage and educate customers on the benefits of our platform outside of the United States; 
 the potential need for localized software and documentation; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries and practical difficulties of enforcing intellectual property and contract rights abroad; 
 defending against intellectual property claims in other countries; 
 restrictions on both inbound and outbound cross-border investment, including enhanced oversight by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS and substantial restrictions on investment from China; 
 U.S. and foreign government trade restrictions, including those which may impose restrictions on the importation, exportation, re-exportation, sale, shipment or other transfer of programming, technology, components, and/or services to foreign persons; 
 changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including new tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, trade embargoes, sanctions, and other trade barriers; 
 tariffs imposed by the U.S. on goods from other countries and tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. goods, including the tariffs by the U.S. government on various imports from China, Canada, Mexico, and the European Union E.U. and by the governments of these jurisdictions on certain U.S. goods, and any other possible tariffs that may be imposed on products such as ours, the scope and duration of which, if implemented, remains uncertain; 
 deterioration of political relations between the U.S. and Russia, China, Japan, Korea, Canada, the United Kingdom U.K. ), and the E.U., which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and operations in these countries; 
 changes in social, political, and economic conditions or in laws, regulations and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development, and investment both domestically as well as in the other countries and jurisdictions into which we sell our products, including as a result of the withdrawal of the U.K. from the E.U.; 
 difficulties in obtaining export licenses or in overcoming other trade barriers and restrictions resulting in delivery delays; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the related effect on our results of operations; 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
 potential limits to travel as a result of epidemics or pandemics; 
 disruptions to global trade due to disease outbreaks or conflicts; 
 potential increases on tariffs or restrictions on trade generally; and 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 significant taxes or other burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection such as the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation. 
 In conducting our international operations, we are subject to U.S. laws relating to our international activities, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as well as foreign laws relating to our activities in other countries, such as the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010. Additionally, the inclusion of one of our foreign customers on any U.S. Government sanctioned persons list, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of Commerce s List of Denied Persons and the U.S. Department of Treasury s List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, could be material to our earnings. Failure to comply with these laws may subject us to claims or financial and/or other penalties in the United States and/or foreign countries that could materially and adversely impact our operations or financial condition. These risks have become increasingly prevalent as we have expanded our sales into countries that are generally recognized as having a higher risk of corruption. 
 We face risks related to the current global economic environment, which could delay or prevent our customers from purchasing our products, which could in turn harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The state of the global economy continues to be uncertain. The current global economic conditions and uncertain credit markets and concerns regarding the availability of credit pose a risk that could impact customer demand for our products, as well as our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors, including financial institutions. If the current global economic environment deteriorates, our business could be negatively affected. 
 Moreover, changes in the value of the relevant currencies may affect the cost of certain items required in our operations. Changes in currency exchange rates may also affect the relative prices at which we are able to sell products in the same market. Our revenue from international customers may be negatively impacted as increases in the U.S. dollar relative to our international customers local currencies could make our products more expensive, impacting our ability to compete or as a result of financial or other instability in such locations which could result in decreased sales of our products. Our costs of materials from international suppliers may also increase as the value of the U.S. dollar decreases relative to their local currency. Foreign policies and actions regarding currency valuation could result in actions by the United States and other countries to offset the effects of such fluctuations. Such actions may materially and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Violations of complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international growth efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. Even if we implement policies or procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our distribution partners, our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies and subject us to potential claims or penalties. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired, which would adversely affect our business and our stock price. 
 Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be evaluated frequently. We may in the future discover areas of our internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that need improvement. Operating as a public company requires sufficient resources within the accounting and finance functions in order to produce timely financial information, ensure the level of segregation of duties, and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting customary for a U.S. public company. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our management does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company will have been detected. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we perform periodic evaluations of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have in the past performed this evaluation and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was operating effectively, there can be no assurance that in the future material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not exist or otherwise be discovered. In addition, if we are unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and make it more difficult for us to finance our operations and growth. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by changes in the United States political environment. 
 There is significant ongoing uncertainty with respect to potential legislation, regulation and government policy at the federal level, as well as the state and local levels. Any such changes could significantly impact our business as well as the markets in which we compete. Specific legislative and regulatory proposals discussed during election campaigns and more recently that might materially impact us include, but are not limited to, changes to spending priorities and potential reductions in research funding. Uncertainty about U.S. government funding has posed, and may continue to pose, a risk as customers may choose to postpone or reduce spending in response to actual or anticipated restraints on funding. To the extent changes in the political environment have a negative impact on us or on our markets, our business, results of operation and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted in the future. 
 Disruption of critical information technology systems or material breaches in the security of our systems could harm our business, customer relations and financial condition. 
 Information technology IT helps us to operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiently and accurately produce our financial statements. IT systems are used extensively in virtually all aspects of our business, including in our products, sales forecast, order fulfillment and billing, customer service, logistics, and management of data from running samples on our products. Our success depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our IT systems. Our IT systems, including those used in our products, may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, power loss, natural disasters, human acts, computer viruses, ransomware, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems. Furthermore, there may be a heightened risk of potential cybersecurity incidents and security breaches to which we could be vulnerable by state-sponsored or affiliated actors or others in connection with the political uncertainty and military actions in the Middle East associated with the Israel and Hamas conflict and the war in Ukraine. Certain of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in, among other consequences, disruption of our operations, which could harm our reputation and financial results. Some of our IT infrastructure still utilizes outdated legacy systems, software and hardware, some of which may be approaching end-of-life or end of support, and that may be particularly susceptible to cybersecurity breaches, errors and operational failures. Upgrading, replacing and enhancing such infrastructure may be expensive and put the continuity of our operations at risk while a failure to do so may make us more susceptible to the risks discussed above. 
 If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper IT infrastructure, including those used in our products, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, loss of customers, business disruptions or loss of or damage to intellectual property. If our data management systems do not effectively collect, store, process and report relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, and personal information of our customers and employees, in our data centers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our IT infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers, computer viruses, malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, or breached or otherwise disrupted due to employee error, malfeasance, faulty password management or other disruptions. Third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or other persons into disclosing usernames, passwords or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our IT systems, commit identity theft or carry out other unauthorized or illegal activities. Any such breach or incident could compromise our systems and networks and the information stored or otherwise processed there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, stolen or otherwise processed in an unauthorized manner. We engage third-party vendors and service providers to store and otherwise process some of our data, including sensitive and personal information. Our vendors and service providers may also be the targets of the risks described above, including cyber-attacks, malicious software, ransomware, phishing schemes, and fraud. Our ability to monitor our vendors and service providers data security is limited, and, in any event, third parties may be able to circumvent those security measures, resulting in the unauthorized access to, misuse, disclosure, loss or destruction of our data, including sensitive and personal information, and disruption of our or third-party service providers systems. We and our third-party service providers may face difficulties in identifying, or promptly responding to, potential security breaches and other instances of unauthorized access to, or disclosure, other processing, or loss or unavailability of, information. Any hacking or other attack on our or our third-party service providers or vendors systems, and any unauthorized access to, or disclosure, other processing, or loss or unavailability of, information suffered by us or our third-party service providers or vendors, or the perception that any of these have occurred, could result in legal claims or proceedings, loss of intellectual property, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, negative publicity, disruption of our operations and damage to our reputation, and data integrity issues, which could divert our management s attention from the operation of our business and materially and adversely affect our business, revenues and competitive position. Moreover, we may need to increase our efforts to train our personnel to detect and defend against cyber- or phishing-attacks, which are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and we may need to implement additional protective measures to reduce the risk of potential security breaches and security incidents, which could cause us to incur significant additional expenses. Retaliatory acts by Russia in response to Western sanctions or otherwise in connection with the war in Ukraine could include cyber-attacks that could disrupt the economy generally or that may either directly or indirectly impact our operations specifically. 
 In addition, our insurance may be insufficient to cover our losses resulting from cyber-attacks, breaches, or other interruptions, and any incidents may result in loss of, or increased costs of, such insurance. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, or denials of coverage, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Our use of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies may result in reputational harm or liability. 
 We have incorporated and may continue to incorporate additional artificial intelligence and machine learning, or AIML, technologies into our sequencing platforms, marketing programs, and analysis software, including Revio and otherwise within our business, and these solutions and features are advantageous to describing, enhancing, and maximizing the capabilities of our differentiated technologies and to our future growth over time. We rely and expect to rely on AIML technologies such as basecalling, variant calling, epigenetic analysis and tertiary analysis, but there can be no assurance that we will realize the desired or anticipated benefits from AIML or any at all. We may also fail to properly implement or utilize AIML technologies. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AIML into their products, platforms, software and services or otherwise within their business more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, our use of AIML technologies may expose us to additional claims, demands and proceedings by private parties and regulatory authorities and subject us to legal liability as well as brand and reputational harm. For example, if output from AIML technologies or that they assist in producing are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, or biased, or for such output, or such technologies or their development or deployment, including the collection, use, or other processing of data used to train or create such AIML technologies, to alleged to infringe upon or to have misappropriated third-party intellectual property rights or to violate applicable laws, regulations, or other actual or asserted legal obligations to which we are or may become subject, then our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. The legal, regulatory, and policy environments around AIML are evolving rapidly, and we may become subject to new and evolving legal and other obligations. These and other developments may require us to make significant changes to our use of AIML, including by limiting or restricting our use of AIML, and may require us to make significant changes to our policies and practices, which may necessitate expenditure of significant time, expense, and other resources, AIML also presents emerging ethical issues, and if our use of AIML becomes controversial, we may experience brand or reputational harm. 
 We are currently subject to, and may in the future become subject to additional, U.S. federal and state laws and regulations imposing obligations on how we collect, store and process personal information. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. Ensuring compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our future customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we currently, and in the future will, collect, store, transfer, use or process sensitive data, including personal information of employees, and intellectual property and proprietary business information owned or controlled by ourselves and other parties. The secure processing, storage, maintenance, and transmission of this critical information are vital to our operations and business strategy. We are, and may increasingly become, subject to various laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations, relating to data privacy and security in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The regulatory environment related to data privacy and security is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible that they will be interpreted and applied in ways that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 In the United States, various federal and state regulators, including governmental agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Federal Trade Commission, have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations concerning personal information and data security. Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, all of which may complicate compliance efforts. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which increases privacy rights for California residents and imposes obligations on companies that process their personal information, came into effect on January 1, 2020. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and provide such consumers new data protection and privacy rights, including the ability to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. This private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. In November 2020, California also passed the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA ), which significantly expanded the CCPA as of January 1, 2023, including by introducing additional obligations such as data minimization and storage limitations and granting additional rights to consumers, among others. The enactment of the CCPA has prompted similar legislative developments in other states, and numerous other states have proposed, and in certain cases enacted, legislation relating to privacy and data security, many of which are similar to the CCPA and CPRA. Similar laws are being considered by other state legislatures. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states require businesses to provide notice to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. State laws are changing rapidly and there is discussion in the U.S. Congress of a new comprehensive federal data privacy law. These and future laws and regulations may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. 
 Furthermore, regulations promulgated pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), establish privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information (known as protected health information and require the implementation of administrative, physical and technological safeguards to protect the privacy of protected health information and ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic protected health information. Determining whether protected health information has been handled in compliance with applicable privacy standards and our contractual obligations can require complex factual and statistical analyses and may be subject to changing interpretation. Although we take measures to protect sensitive data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or viruses or disrupted, breached or otherwise compromised due to employee error, malfeasance or other malicious or inadvertent disruptions. Any such breach or disruption could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, manipulated, publicly disclosed, lost, stolen, made unavailable, or otherwise processed without authorization. Any such disruption, access, breach, unavailability, theft, loss or other unauthorized processing of information, or the perception that any of these has occurred could result in legal claims or proceedings, and liability under federal or state laws that protect the privacy of personal information, such as the HIPAA, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and regulatory penalties. Notice of breaches must be made to affected individuals, the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for extensive breaches, notice may need to be made to the media or state attorneys general. Such a notice could harm our reputation and our ability to compete. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 While we have in place formal policies and procedures related to the storage, collection, and processing of information, and have conducted data privacy audits, we continue to evaluate our compliance needs, including the need to conduct additional internal and external data privacy audits or adopt additional policies and procedures, to ensure our compliance with all applicable data protection laws and regulations. Additionally, we do not currently have policies and procedures in place for assessing our third-party vendors compliance with applicable data protection laws and regulations. All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs, such as costs related to organizational changes, implementing additional protection technologies, training employees and engaging consultants, which are likely to increase over time. In addition, such requirements may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, distract management or divert resources from other initiatives and projects, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our third-party vendors, collaborators, contractors and consultants to comply with any applicable federal, state or similar foreign laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security, could result in damage to our reputation, as well as proceedings or litigation by governmental agencies or other third parties, including class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions, which would subject us to significant fines, sanctions, awards, penalties or judgments, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Increased scrutiny of our environmental, social or governance responsibilities may result in additional costs and risks, and may adversely impact our reputation, employee retention, and willingness of customers and suppliers to do business with us. 
 Investor advocacy groups, institutional investors, investment funds, proxy advisory services, stockholders, and customers are increasingly focused on environmental, social, and governance ESG practices of companies. Additionally, public interest and legislative pressure related to public companies ESG practices continues to grow. For example, the SEC has adopted final rules regarding climate-related disclosures in public companies periodic reporting. Following several legal challenges, the SEC has issued an order staying the implementation of such rules. If the SEC prevails and lifts the stay on implementation, our compliance costs may increase. 
 If our ESG practices fail to meet regulatory requirements or investor or other industry stakeholders' evolving expectations and standards for responsible corporate citizenship in areas including environmental stewardship, support for local communities, board and employee diversity, human capital management, employee health and safety practices, product quality, supply chain management, corporate governance and transparency, and employing ESG strategies in our operations, our brand, reputation and employee retention may be negatively impacted and customers and suppliers may be unwilling to do business with us and potential or current investors may elect to invest in other companies with ESG practices that are perceived to be better than ours. In addition, ESG reporting and disclosure may result in additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report, and comply with our various ESG practices as well as additional attention from our board of directors and management. If we fail to adopt ESG standards or practices as quickly as stakeholders desire, report on our ESG efforts or practices accurately, or satisfy the expectations of stakeholders, or comply with applicable regulatory requirements, our reputation, business, financial performance, and growth may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Item 5. Other Information 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During our last fiscal quarter, none of our directors or officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), and/or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Incorporated by reference herein Exhibit No. Description Form Exhibit No. Filing Date 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. 
 10-K 3.1 March 23, 2011 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. to declassify the Board 
 8-K 
 3.1 June 20, 2024 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. to limit the liability of officers 
 8-K 
 3.2 June 20, 2024 
 3.4 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. 
 8-K 3.1 November 7, 2022 31 .1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 31 .2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished herewith 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished herewith 101.INS XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Filed herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 The certification s att ached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. Date: November 8, 2024 
 By: /s/ Christian O. Henry 
 Christian O. Henry 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: November 8, 2024 
 By: /s/ Susan G. Kim 
 Susan G. Kim 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date: November 8, 2024 
 By: /s/ Michele Farmer 
 Michele Farmer 
 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 82 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 pacb-10qxexx311xq3x24.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Christian Henry, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 By s Christian O. Henry Christian O. Henry President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 pacb-10qxexx312xq3x24.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Susan Kim, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 8, 2024 
 By s Susan G. Kim Susan G. Kim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 pacb-10qxexx321xq3x24.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of CEO Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Christian Henry, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify for the purposes of section 1350 of chapter 63 of title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge, 
 (i) the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 By s Christian O. Henry Christian O. Henry President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 pacb-10qxexx322xq3x24.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of CFO Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Susan Kim, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify for the purposes of section 1350 of chapter 63 of title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge, 
 (i) the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 By s Susan G. Kim Susan G. Kim 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pacb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 pacb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pacb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pacb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pacb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

