<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1845437_0001845437-24-000063.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9323856</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137989</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1544896</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3299974</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2263521</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1877913</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001845437-24-000063.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112065416
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001845437-24-000063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NET Power Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001845437
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRICAL INDUSTRIAL APPARATUS [3620]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				981580612
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40503
		FILM NUMBER:		241443132

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		320 RONEY STREET, SUITE 200
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(919) 287-4750

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		320 RONEY STREET, SUITE 200
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rice Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001845437-24-000063.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 npwr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

npwr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o x 
 The registrant had outstandin g shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Cl ass B Common Stock as of November 8, 2024 . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Certain Defined Terms 
 1 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 2 
 PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Non-Controlling Interest 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Members' Equity 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 37 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 37 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 38 
 Signatures 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Certain Defined Terms 
 For the definitions of certain defined terms used throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report ), please refer to the section entitled Certain Defined Terms in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report ). 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Statements that do not relate strictly to historical or current facts are forward-looking and usually identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend, may, opportunity, plan, project, seek, should, strategy, will, will likely result, would and other similar words and expressions, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may relate to the development of the Company's technology, the anticipated demand for the Company's technology and the markets in which the Company operates, the timing of the deployment of plant deliveries, and the Company's business strategies, capital requirements, potential growth opportunities and expectations for future performance (financial or otherwise). Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, projections, targets, opinions and/or beliefs of the Company, and such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. 
 
 The risks and uncertainties that could cause those actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) risks relating to the uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to the Company and risks related to the Company's ability to meet its projections; (ii) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the Company to grow and manage growth profitably, and the ability of the Company retain its management and key employees; (iii) the Company's ability to utilize its net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards effectively; (iv) the capital-intensive nature of the Company's business model, which will likely require the Company to raise additional capital in the future; (v) barriers the Company may face in its attempts to deploy and commercialize its technology; (vi) the complexity of the machinery the Company relies on for its operations and development; (vii) potential changes and/or delays in site selection and construction that result from regulatory, logistical, and financing challenges; (viii) the Company's ability to establish and maintain supply relationships; (ix) risks related to the Company's arrangements with third parties for the development, commercialization and deployment of technology associated with the Company's technology; (x) risks related to the Company's other strategic investors and partners; (xi) the Company's ability to successfully commercialize its operations; (xii) the availability and cost of raw materials; (xiii) the ability of the Company's supply base to scale to meet the Company's anticipated growth; (xiv) the Company's ability to expand internationally; (xv) the Company's ability to update the design, construction and operations of its technology; (xvi) the impact of potential delays in discovering manufacturing and construction issues; (xvii) the possibility of damage to the Company's Texas facilities as a result of natural disasters; (xviii) the ability of commercial plants using the Company's technology to efficiently provide net power output; (xix) the Company's ability to obtain and retain licenses; (xx) the Company's ability to establish an initial commercial scale plant; (xxi) the Company's ability to license to large customers; (xxii) the Company's ability to accurately estimate future commercial demand; (xxiii) the Company's ability to adapt to the rapidly evolving and competitive natural and renewable power industry; (xxiv) the Company's ability to comply with all applicable laws and regulations; (xxv) the impact of public perception of fossil fuel-derived energy on the Company's business; (xxvi) any political or other disruptions in gas producing nations; (xxvii) the Company's ability to protect its intellectual property and the intellectual property it licenses; (xxviii) risks relating to data privacy and cybersecurity, including the potential for cyberattacks or security incidents that could disrupt our or our service providers' operations; (xxix) potential litigation that may be instituted against the Company; and (xxx) other risks and uncertainties indicated in Part I, Item 1A of the Annual Report and other documents subsequently filed with the SEC by the Company . 
 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions made by our management prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in our securities. 
 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, we undertake no obligation to update the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. The Company gives no assurance that it will achieve its expectations. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Part I - Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 NET Power Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 In thousands, except share and unit amounts 
 September 30, 2024 (Successor) December 31, 2023 (Successor) ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Investments in securities, available-for-sale Accounts receivable, net Interest receivable Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Long-term assets Restricted cash Investments in securities, available-for-sale Intangible assets, net Goodwill Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Due to related parties Operating lease liabilities, current portion Finance lease liabilities, current portion Tax-related partnership distribution liability Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities Earnout Shares liability Warrant liability Asset retirement obligation Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Noncurrent finance lease liabilities Tax Receivable Agreement liability Deferred taxes Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
 Shareholders' equity Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 (Successor) and December 31, 2023 (Successor) 
 Class A Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 (Successor) and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 (Successor) 
 Class B Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 (Successor) and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 (Successor) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities, mezzanine shareholders' equity and shareholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 NET Power Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited) 
 In thousands, except share and unit amounts 
 Period from Period from July 1 - September 30, 2024 (Successor) July 1 - September 30, 2023 (Successor) January 1 - September 30, 2024 (Successor) June 8 September 30, 2023 (Successor) January 1 June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses General and administrative General and administrative related party Sales and marketing Research and development Research and development related party Project development Option settlement related party Depreciation, amortization and accretion Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) ) Other income (expense) Interest income (expense) ) Change in Earnout Shares liability and Warrant liability ) ) Other income Net other income (expense) ) ) ) Net loss before income tax ) ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit Net loss after income tax ) ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to NET Power Inc. ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized gain on investments Foreign currency translation gain Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to NET Power Inc. ) ) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share of Class A Common Stock (Successor) or per membership interest (Predecessor), basic and diluted Weighted average shares of Class A Common Stock or membership interests, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 NET Power Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Non-Controlling Interest (Unaudited) 
 In thousands, except share and unit amounts 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders' Equity Non-controlling Interests - Mezzanine Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 (Successor) ) Redemption of Class B Common Stock ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock ) Tax Receivable Agreement, net of deferred taxes ) ) Unrealized gain on investments Amortization of share-based payments Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interest to redemption value, net of deferred taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 (Successor) ) Redemption of Class B Common Stock ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock ) Exercise of Warrants Tax Receivable Agreement, net of deferred taxes Unrealized loss on investments ) ) ) Amortization of share-based payments Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interest to book value, net of deferred taxes ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 (Successor) ) ) Redemption of Class B Common Stock ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock ) Tax Receivable Agreement, net of deferred taxes Tax-related partnership distribution payable ) Unrealized gain on investments Amortization of share-based payments Net income (loss) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 (Successor) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 NET Power Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Non-Controlling Interest (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 In thousands, except share and unit amounts 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders' Equity Non-controlling Interests - Mezzanine Equity Class A Ordinary Shares Total Mezzanine Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 8, 2023 (Successor) ) ) Sponsor forfeiture of RONI Class B ordinary shares and reservation of Earnout shares ) Redemption of Class A ordinary shares by RONI public shareholders ) ) ) Conversion of RONI Class A and Class B ordinary shares into NET Power, Inc. Class A and Class B Common Stock, respectively ) ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of RONI Class A Common Stock to PIPE Investors Equity awards vested due to Business Combination ) Issuance of RONI Class B Common Stock to Former NET Power, LLC Unitholders ) Foreign currency translation gain Amortization of share-based payments Carrying value adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 (Successor) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 NET Power Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Non-Controlling Interest (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 In thousands, except share and unit amounts 

Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders' Equity Non-controlling Interests - Mezzanine Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at July 1, 2023 (Successor) ) Exercise of Warrants Issuance of Class A Common Stock Issuance of RONI Class B Common Stock to former NET Power, LLC unitholders ) ) Redemption of Class A Common Stock ) ) Distributions to members ) Tax Receivable Agreement, net of deferred taxes ) ) Vesting of Earnout Shares Amortization of share-based payments Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interest to redemption value ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 (Successor) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 NET Power Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Members' Equity (Unaudited) 
 In thousands, except unit amounts 
 
 Membership Interests Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Members' Equity Units Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 (Predecessor) ) Issuance of shares to: Occidental Petroleum Constellation BHES (Bonus shares) BHES (In-kind shares) Vesting of profits interests Comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 (Predecessor) ) Issuance of shares to: Occidental Petroleum BHES (Bonus shares) BHES (In-kind shares) Vesting of profits interests Comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 NET Power Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 Period from January 1 - September 30, 2024 (Successor) June 8 September 30, 2023 (Successor) January 1 June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss after income tax ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation, amortization, and accretion Non-cash interest (income) expense ) Non-cash lease expense Conversion of equity awards Allowance for doubtful accounts Deferred taxes ) ) Change in fair value of Earnout Shares liability ) Change in fair value of Warrant liability ) Vesting of profits interests Vesting of Earnout Shares Share-based payments Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net Interest receivable ) Prepaid expenses ) ) ) Other current assets ) Other long-term assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Due to related parties Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Cash acquired as part of Business Combination Purchase of short-term investments ) Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) Maturities of available-for-sale securities Capitalized software ) Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 10 

Table of Contents 

NET Power Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (In thousands) 
 Period from January 1 - September 30, 2024 (Successor) June 8 September 30, 2023 (Successor) January 1 June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase of redeemed Class A Ordinary Shares ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock, including exercise of Warrants Payment of income taxes on vested share-based payment awards ) Distributions to members ) Proceeds from PIPE financing, net of issuance costs Issuance of equity under JDA as a result of Business Combination Payment of transaction expenses ) Proceeds from share issuances Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental non-cash investing and financing activities: Change in accruals for capital expenditures Remeasurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets due to lease modification ) Operating lease right-of use asset acquired Finance lease right-of-use asset acquired Tax-related partnership distribution Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheet: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 NET Power Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share, per share and unit amounts, unless otherwise noted) 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had restricted cash of incl uded in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had restricted cash. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Measurement adjustments ) Goodwill at September 30, 2024 (Successor) 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Company completed its estimate of deferred taxes as of the Closing Date and finalized its purchase price allocation, which resulted in a measurement adjustment to goodwill. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment due to a sustained decrease in the Company s market capitalization. The Company applied the income approach to estimate the fair value of this reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model. Key assumptions used in this model included revenue and operating expense projections, a terminal cash flow growth rate of , a discount rate of , and a tax rate of . The Company determined the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value and no impairment was indicated. 
 ) ) Software ) Software work-in-progress Total definite-lived intangible assets ) ) 
 14 

Table of Contents 

The Company does not own or control any intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and thereafter Total 
 
 Furniture and equipment, gross Assets acquired under finance lease Work-in-progress Total property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization 1 
 ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 ___________ 
 (1) of accumulated depreciation and amortization is related to amortization of the finance lease right-of-use assets. 
 
 The following table presents the Company s depreciation expense for the following periods: 
 Period from Period from July 1 - September 30, 2024 (Successor) July 1 - September 30, 2023 (Successor) January 1 - September 30, 2024 (Successor) June 8 September 30, 2023 (Successor) January 1 June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) Depreciation expense 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Cash-based expense of BHES JDA Capital expenditures Professional fees Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 
 
 Total revenue 
 Performance Obligations 
 Revenue recognized under contracts with customers exclusively includes the performance obligations satisfied in the applicable reporting period. 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 During the period from July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (Successor), the period from January 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (Successor), the period from July 1 through September 30, 2023 (Successor), and the period from June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor), the Company did record any provision for credit losses within General and administrative expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss associated with its accounts receivable. During the period from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor), the Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts equal to within General and administrative expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss associated with its accounts receivable. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Engineering support provided by former board member General and administrative related party Master services agreement costs for Demonstration Plant BHES JDA 
 Research and development related party Option settlement related party 
 Master Services Agreements 
 A significant shareholder has provided the Company with marketing services, patent administration services and technology maintenance services related to the development of the Net Power Cycle. These totals are included in General and administrative related party on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Another shareholder supports the Company with regard to general business oversight and with the operation of the Demonstration Plant. These totals are reflected in Research and development related party on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 The Company had and in current liabilities payable to related parties as of September 30, 2024 (Successor) and December 31, 2023 (Successor), respectively, on the condensed consolidated balance sheets related to these services. These related party payables are unsecured and are due on demand. 
 Engineering Support Provided by Former Board Member 
 A shareholder, who is also a former board member, supported the Company with regard to general business oversight and with the operation of the Demonstration Plant. These expenses are reflected in Research and development related party on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss prior to the Business Combination. The counterparty ceased being a related party on June 8, 2023 upon completion of the Business Combination. 
 BHES JDA 
 On February 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Joint Development Agreement with affiliates of Baker Hughes Energy Services LLC BHES ), which is a shareholder of the Company (the Original JDA ). The Original JDA's counterparties subsequently amended the agreement's terms on June 30, 2022 and December 13, 2022 (the Amended and Restated JDA , and collectively with the Original JDA, the BHES JDA ). The Amended and Restated JDA represents a contract that engages BHES to invest in, develop, and deploy the Net Power Cycle in collaboration with the Company. The Amended and Restated JDA entitles BHES to payments of cash and issuances of equity in exchange for services related to the development and commercialization of the technology. Subsequent to the Business Combination, the Company records the measurement of services provided by BHES within Research and development on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Prior to June 8, 2023 (Successor), the Company recorded costs incurred under the BHES within Research and development related party on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss due to the size of their ownership of the Company and because an employee of BHES served on the Company's Board of Directors. Subsequent to the Business Combination, neither BHES nor its affiliates occupy seats on the Company's Board of Directors and its percentage of ownership fell below 5 ; therefore, BHES no longer qualifies as a related party after June 7, 2023 (Predecessor). 
 17 

Table of Contents 

membership interests from NET Power, LLC if NET Power, LLC met certain performance conditions, which it did not achieve prior to the close of the Business Combination. Immediately prior to the close of the Business Combination, the option holder received NET Power, LLC membership interests with a value of approximately in exchange for retiring the purchase option. The membership interests converted into Class A OpCo Units and a corresponding quantity of shares of Class B Common Stock in conjunction with the Business Combination. The loss generated from the settlement of the share purchase option is recorded as Option settlement related party expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 t ypes of investments, a certificate of deposit, which is classified as a short-term investment, and investments in securities, which are classified as available-for-sale. 
 The entire balance of of the certificate of deposit is shown within short-term investments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Successor) and December 31, 2023 (Successor). The interest receivable on the certificate of deposit w as and at September 30, 2024 (Successor) and December 31, 2023 (Successor), respectively, and is included in Interest receivable on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Commercial paper U.S. treasuries Total Long-term assets Amortized Cost Unrealized Gain (Loss) Fair Value Corporate bonds U.S. treasuries Total 
 The cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. During the period from July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (Successor) and the period from January 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (Successor), there were no securities sold. There were no credit losses recognized during the period from July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (Successor) and the period from January 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (Successor). The Company established no allowances for credit losses as of September 30, 2024 (Successor). The Company did not have any available-for-sale investments as of December 31, 2023 (Successor). 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term investments 2 Total assets Liabilities Public Warrants 1 Private Placement Warrants 3 Earnout Shares 3 Total liabilities 
 ___________ 
 (1) of these investments are classified as long-term on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 Change in Earnout Shares liability and Warrant liability ) ) Change in Option liability ) ) Payments ) Balance of recurring Level 3 liabilities at end of period 
 Earnout Shares 
 The Company has Class A OpCo Units and corresponding shares of Class B Common Stock that, pursuant to an agreement with Sponsor and certain of its affiliates, are or were subject to forfeiture, with vesting occurring in three tranches based on the trading share price of the Class A Common Stock on the NYSE (the Earnout Shares ). The fair value of the Earnout Shares is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation. The Monte Carlo simulation considers daily simulated stock prices as a proxy for the Company's daily volume-weighted average share price. The key inputs into the valuation of the Earnout Shares are an expected remaining term of years, a risk-free rate of and estimated equity volatility of . The estimated equity volatility assumption is based on a blended average of asset and equity volatility measurements of publicly traded companies within t he Company's peer group along with the volatility of the Class A Common Stock. 
 Warrants 
 The Public Warrants are valued using their quoted and publicly available market prices. Since their fair value is predicated on quoted prices in an active market for identical instruments, the fair value of the Public Warrants is considered a Level 1 measurement. 
 The Company uses a Black-Scholes Merton Model to value the Private Placem ent Warrants. Key inputs into the Black-Scholes Merton Model include the last Class A Common Stock closing price of as of September 30, 2024 (Successor), a risk-free rate of , volatility of , a term of years and a strike price of per share. The volatility assumption is based on a blended average of operating and equity volatility of publicly traded companies within 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 to exercise their options subsequent to the repayment of the loans. The interest expense related to these loan options was during the period from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor). These measurements were reported in Interest income (expense) on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. In early 2023, option holders exercised their options to purchase an aggregate of membership units in NET Power, LLC for total proceeds of . There were no loan options outstanding at the time of the Business Combination. ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders ) ) ) Denominator Weighted-average number shares outstanding, basic and diluted Earnings (loss) per share attributable to shareholders, basic and diluted 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Private Placement Warrants Earnout Shares BHES Bonus Shares Unvested Class A OpCo Units Vested Class A OpCo Units Unvested RSUs Unvested PSUs Make-Whole Awards Stock Options Total 
 Predecessor Period 
 For the period from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) , the Company excluded unvested profit interests from the computation of diluted net loss per unit because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.) Net loss attributable to membership interest holders ) Denominator Weighted-average number membership interests outstanding, basic and diluted Net loss per unit attributable to membership interest holders, basic and diluted 
 
 and of the membership interests in OpCo, respectively, and non-controlling interest NCI holders owned and of the membership interests in OpCo, respectively. The Company measures redeemable NCIs each quarter at the higher of its book value or its redemption value. For the period from July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (Successor), the Company measured redeemable NCI at book value. F or the period from June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor), the Company measured redeemable NCI at redemption value. The adjustment to redeemable NCI is recorded through Additional paid-in capital on the condensed consolidated statement of shareholders' equity and non-controlling interest. 
 21 

Table of Contents ) ) Redeemable non-controlling interest percentage Class A OpCo Units Net loss before income tax attributable to Class A OpCo Units ) ) ) 
 
 Under the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of OpCo, OpCo is required, when cetain conditions are met, to make tax-related distributions to the Class A OpCo Unit holders. As of September 30, 2024, the Company accrued a tax-related partnership distribution liability of , which is included in current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The partnership distributions are recorded as a reduction of Redeemable non-controlling interest in subsidiary on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested Class A OpCo Units granted under previous programs, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted average period of . 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) ) ) Unvested, end of period 
 Restricted Stock Units (Successor) 
 During the period from January 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (Successor) , there were restricted stock units RSU awarded under the terms of the NET Power Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan. As of September 30, 2024 (Successor), there was of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted average period of . Generally, RSUs granted to employees and the majority of executives either cliff-vest on the anniversary of the date of grant or vest ratably on each anniversary of the date of grant over a period. Annual awards granted to independent directors cliff-vest on the first anniversary of each award's grant date. 
 Additionally, there were RSUs awarded to certain legacy employees as permitted by the business combination agreement (the Make-Whole Awards ). These RSUs vest upon occurrence of the following events, which are considered performance conditions: (i) commercial operations achieved by the Company s first utility-scale power plant, and (ii) a fully-executed license agreement and final investment decision achieved for another utility-scale power plant. The Make Whole Awards expire from the grant date. The Company will record compensation expense related to the Make-Whole Awards from the date the performance conditions are considered probable through the expected vesting dates. As of September 30, 2024 (Successor), the performance conditions ar e not considered probable, therefore, no c ompensation cost has been recognized related to the Make-Whole Awards. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested, end of period 
 Performance Stock Units (Successor) 
 On April 2, 2024, there were performance stock units PSUs awarded to certain executives for which the vesting occurs upon the achievement of specific market-based conditions related to the Company's financial performance over a period, modified based on the Company's Relative Total Shareholder Return TSR and subject to final vesting based on the participant s continued employment through the end of the requisite service period. The amount of awards that will ultimately vest for the PSU can range from to based on the TSR calculated over a period. The fair value of the PSUs was determined using the Monte Carlo Simulation model and is being expensed over the vesting period. 
 years Risk-free interest rates Expected volatility 
 Granted Forfeited Vested Unvested, end of period 
 As of September 30, 2024 (Successor), there was of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested PSUs. 
 Stock Options (Successor) 
 On April 2, 2024, the Company granted stock options to its Chief Executive Officer to purchase shares of common stock of the Company with an exercise price o f per share and an expiration date of April 2, 2034. The stock options vest and become exercisable upon satisfaction of the following performance and market conditions: (i) commercial operations achieved by the Company s first utility-scale power plant, (ii) a fully-executed license agreement and final investment decision achieved for another utility-scale power plant, and (iii) a closing share price above per share for consecutive trading days (or the equivalent when adjusted for any stock splits, reverse stock splits, and cumulative dividends paid per share until the vesting date). The Company will recognize compensation expense from the date the performance conditions become probable through the expected vesting date. As of September 30, 2024 (Successor), the performance conditions are not considered probable; therefore, no expense has been recognized related to these stock options. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 and was estimated using the Monte Carlo Simulation model. 
 years Risk-free interest rates Expected volatility 
 BHES JDA (Predecessor and Successor) 
 The following table presents the quantity and value of equity issued to BHES as payment for costs incurred pursuant to the BHES JDA (Note 7). The portion of BHES JDA costs that the Company pays with Class A OpCo Units and shares of Class B Common Stock is recorded within Additional paid-in capital on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and the condensed consolidated statement of shareholders' equity and non-controlling interest. 
 Class A OpCo Units Class B Common Stock Total 
 ___________ 
 (1) The Equivalent Value per Unit is the discounted price per membership interest or per share stipulated in the BHES JDA. 
 Shares used as payment under the terms of the Amended and Restated JDA are issued at a discount expected to cause a total loss of approximately to the Company over the term of the agreement. The Company has incurred inception-to-date losses of related to such issuances. 
 BHES may earn additional shares under the terms of the Amended and Restated JDA BHES Bonus Shares if it meets certain contractually stipulated project milestones related to the development of our technology. The Company determined that BHES s achievement of each of these milestones is probable in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 718, Share-Based Payments ; therefore, the Company recognizes the compensation cost associated with milestone share-based payments ratably over the expected service period. 
 
 Additionally, BHES received Class A OpCo Units and a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock in conjunction with the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 Reference Note 15 for additional disclosures related to the BHES JDA. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 
 
 Financing lease costs: Amortization of right-of-use assets Depreciation, amortization and accretion Interest on lease liabilities Interest income (expense) Total finance lease costs 
 Office Leases 
 As of September 30, 2024 (Successor), the Company had in lease liabilities and in right-of-use assets attributable to office operating leases o n its condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 On June 6, 2022, the Company entered into an office space lease agreement for commercial office space in Durham, North Carolina (the Measurement Building Lease ), which became effective on November 1, 2022 and had an original lease term of months from the signing date. The lease was classified as an operating lease and the lease liability was calculated using an incremental borrowing rate of . 
 On August 11, 2023, the Company agreed to terminate the Measurement Building Lease effective October 6, 2023 and entered into a new office lease agreement (the Roney St. Lease ). The Roney St. Lease commenced on October 6, 2023 and has an original lease term of months from the commencement date. The lessors of the Measurement Building Lease and the Roney St. Lease have common ownership and are considered related parties to each other; therefore, the simultaneous termination of the Measurement Building Lease and execution of the Roney St. Lease represent a single transaction accounted for as a modification of the Measurement Building Lease. As such, the Company remeasured the lease liabilities and right-of-use asset associated with the Measurement Building Lease and recognized those balances over the amended, remaining lease term. In addition, the Roney St. Lease includes an early termination option that enables the Company to end the lease on or after its th month. 
 On February 28, 2024, the Company entered into an office space lease agreement for commercial office space in Houston, Texas (the Atlas Tower Lease ), which became effective in July of 2024 and has an original lease term of months from the commencement date and includes an early termination option that enables the Company to end the lease at the end of 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 th month. The Company measured the lease liabilities and right-of-use asset associated with the Atlas Tower Lease upon commencement of the lease and recognized those balances over the lease term. 
 As of September 30, 2024 (Successor), the Company determined that it is unlikely to exercise the termination option associated with the Atlas Tower Lease; therefore, the above minimum lease payments do not consider the effects of the termination option on the lease term. 
 Land Leases 
 On March 8, 2024, the Company entered into a land lease with a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum, a related party, which becomes effective no later than December 31, 2024. The lease has an initial term of months from the commencement date. Additionally, the term may be extended for up to consecutive periods of . The Company will measure the lease liabilities and right-of-use asset upon commencement of the lease and will recognize those balances over the lease term. 
 The Company leases the land under the Demonstration Plant in LaPorte, Texas. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company entered into a lease amendment extending the lease term. The amended lease expires on the earlier of (i) January 1, 2031 or (ii) the termination of the Company's oxygen supply agreement with the lessor. Lease payments for the land equal dollar per year. As of September 30, 2024 (Successor), the value of the right-of-use asset attributable to the Demonstration Plant land lease was . 
 Reference Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies for discussion on the Company s asset retirement and unconditional purchase obligations related to the Demonstration Plant. 
 Office Trailer Leases 
 office trailers at the Demonstration Plant in LaPorte, Texas, with an effective date of September 1, 2024. The lease has a term of months and contains a purchase option where the Company may purchase the trailers at the end of the lease term; therefore, the Company classified the lease as a finance lease and recorded the right-of lease asset within Property, plant and equipment, net in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded the lease liability o n the condensed consolidated balance sheets discount rate implicit in the lease. 
 
 , and recorded a deferred income tax benefit of and , for the period from July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (Successor) and the period from January 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (Successor), respectively. The annual effective tax rate varies from the statutory federal income tax rate due to amounts allocated to NCI, state income taxes and other permanent items. The income tax benefit recorded through September 30, 2024 (Successor) includes a cumulative adjustment of related to finalizing deferred taxes as of the Closing Date of the Business Combination. Reference Note 3 Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional discussion. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement - As of September 30, 2024 (Successor), the Company recorded a liability of related to its projected obligations under the TRA, which is recorded as Tax Receivable Agreement liability in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. This obligation arose because of qualifying exchanges of Class A OpCo Units that occurred through September 30, 2024. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Accretion expense Asset retirement obligation, end of period 
 Unconditional Purchase Obligations 
 The Company has committed to purchase industrial components for installation at its Demonstration Plant and its first commercial power plant. The Company pays for these components in installments aligned to contractual milestones. In accordance with ASC Topic 440, Commitments , the Company does not recognize these commitments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had of remaining purchase obligations through February 2027 related to the BHES JDA, which is expected to be settled in cash and in common stock. In addition, the Company had of additional remaining asset purchase obligations through 2025. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Dollars in thousands, except share and unit amounts, unless otherwise noted) 
 The following management's discussion and analysis MD A provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our condensed consolidated results of operations and financial condition and includes forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included in the forepart of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (our Quarterly Report and included in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (our Annual Report ), as filed with the SEC on March 11, 2024. 
 The following MD A should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part 1, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report. 
 Overview 
 We are a clean energy technology company that has developed a unique power generation system (the Net Power Cycle that can produce clean, reliable, and low-cost electricity from natural gas while capturing virtually all atmospheric emissions. The Net Power Cycle is designed to inherently capture CO 2 and eliminate air pollutants such as SO X , NO X , and particulates. 
 The Business Combination 
 On December 13, 2022, NET Power, LLC entered into the Business Combination Agreement with RONI, RONI OpCo, Buyer and Merger Sub. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into NET Power, LLC with NET Power, LLC surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Buyer. Upon the consummation of the Business Combination on June 8, 2023, RONI was renamed NET Power Inc. Net Power or the Company ). 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company's financial statement presentation distinguishes NET Power, LLC as the Predecessor through June 7, 2023 (the Predecessor Period and Net Power as the Successor for periods after the Closing Date (the Successor Period ). Revenue and earnings after the date of the Business Combination are shown in the Successor Period on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As a result of the application of the acquisition method of accounting in the Successor Period, the consolidated financial statements for the Successor Period are presented on a full step-up basis; therefore, Successor Period consolidated financial statements are not comparable to the consolidated financial statements of the Predecessor Period, which are not presented on the same full step-up basis. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Prospects and Future Results 
 As a result of the Business Combination, Net Power became a publicly traded company with Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants trading on the NYSE, which has necessitated the hiring of additional personnel and the implementation of procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and customary practices. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, material additional annual expenses as a public company for, among other things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees, and additional internal and external accounting, legal, and administrative resources, including increased personnel costs, audit, and other professional service fees. 
 We believe that our performance and future success depend on a number of factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including, but not limited to, cost over-runs in the testing and operation of the Demonstration Plant, technical problems with the Net Power Cycle, potential supply chain issues, our ability to finance the construction of our first utility-scale plant, and development of competing clean-energy technology sooner or at a lesser cost than the Net Power Cycle. Supply chain issues related to the manufacturing and transportation of key equipment may lead to a delay in our commercialization efforts, which could impact our results of operations. 
 Commencing Commercial Operations 
 Over the next several years, the Company plans to conduct additional research and testing campaigns at its Demonstration Plant and construct its first utility-scale plant. Net Power began purchasing and expects to make additional purchases of initial long-lead materials for the first utility-scale plant in 2024 and 2025 and targets initial power generation between the second half of 2027 and the first half of 2028. We expect that the plant will be a Net Power-led consortium project located at a site hosted by Occidental Petroleum in the Permian Basin of West Texas. We also continue to evaluate other sites in 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 North America for Net Power plants. We expect that the project will fully integrate power production with transportation and underground storage of carbon dioxide. We are focused on delivering a project that will catalyze future adoption for utility-scale customers. 
 Major remaining development activities relating to completing construction of our first utility-scale plant are similar to the activities we previously undertook to design, build, and commission the Demonstration Plant. These activities include but are not limited to: finalizing a siting study, completion of permitting, conducting a front-end engineering design FEED study, originating all required supply and off-take contracts, structuring the project to attract any required third party equity and debt financing and achieving final investment decision, initiating the engineering, procurement and construction EPC process, and constructing and commissioning the facility. 
 Key Components of Results of Operations 
 We are a development stage company and our historical results may not be indicative of our future results. Accordingly, the drivers of our future financial results, as well as the components of such results, may not be comparable to our historical or future results of operations. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Successor) to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Successor) 
 The following table sets forth our condensed results of operations data for the periods presented: 
 Period from July 1 - September 30, 2024 (Successor) July 1 - September 30, 2023 (Successor) Revenue 12 Cost of revenue 1 Gross profit 11 Operating expenses General and administrative 8,448 8,389 Sales and marketing 1,032 931 Research and development 17,333 9,032 Project development 233 289 Depreciation, amortization and accretion 20,210 20,027 Total operating expenses 47,256 38,668 Operating loss (47,245) (38,668) Other income (expense) Interest income 7,992 8,675 Change in Earnout Shares liability and Warrant liability 27,690 (61,984) Other income 3 1 Net other income (expense) 35,685 (53,308) Net loss before income tax (11,560) (91,976) Income tax benefit 4,746 10 Net loss after income tax (6,814) (91,966) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests (7,632) (61,402) Net income (loss) attributable to NET Power Inc. 818 (30,564) 
 
 Revenue 
 We have not generated material revenue to date. We have generated revenue through various contracts with potential future license customers for access to testing results, other data and feasibility studies. We have also generated revenue for conducting syngas testing at our Demonstration Plant. Reve nue increased by 12, or 100 , for th e three months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 (Successor). 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses associated with our general and administrative organization and professional fees for legal, accounting, and other consulting services. Our general and administrative exp enses increased by 59, or 1 , fo r the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (Successor). This increase was due to increases in corporate headcount and information technology costs, partially offset by lower SEC filing fees and insurance costs. 
 Sales and marketing 
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, consultants and information technology costs directly associated with our sales and marketing activities, which include general publicity efforts for the Company. Sales and marketing expens es increased by 101, or 11 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (Successor) . This increase was primarily attributable to costs associated with growth in employee headcount, partially offset by lower information technology costs and conference fees. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development 
 Our research and development R D expenses consist primarily of labor expenses and fees paid to third parties working on and testing specific aspects of our technology, including testing at our Demonstration Plant and development activities under the BHES JD A. R D expenses increased by 8,301, or 92 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor) , as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (Successor) . This increase was primarily due to activities under the BHES JDA and increased activity at the Demonstration Plant in preparation for testing which is scheduled to commence in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Project development 
 Project development expenses consist of labor expenses and fees paid to third parties developing commercial scale projects. Our project development expe nses were fairly consistent, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (Successor). 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion 
 Our depreciation, amortization and accretion expenses consist primarily of depreciation on our Demonstration Plant and amortization of intangible assets. Depreciation, amortization and accretion expen se increased by 183, or 1 , f or the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared t o the three months ended September 30, 2023 (Successor). 
 Interest income 
 Our interest income (expense decreased by 683, or 8 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (Successor). Interest income decreased due to decreased investments, partially offset by investment accretion. 
 Change in Earnout Shares liability and Warrant liability 
 The change in Earnout Shares liability and Warrant liability w as 89,674, or 145 , f or the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (Successor). The change was due to the changes in the market price of our Class A Common Stock, which correlates to the change in value of our Warrants . 
 Income tax benefit 
 Our income tax benefit increased by 4,736 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (Successor) . This increase was due to a lower effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 (Successor) due to permanent differences for expenses associated with the closing of the Business Combination. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Successor) to the Periods from January 1, 2023 Through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 Through September 30, 2023 (Successor) 
 The following table sets forth our condensed results of operations data for the periods presented: 
 Period from January 1 - September 30, 2024 (Successor) June 8 September 30, 2023 (Successor) January 1 June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) Revenue 250 175 Cost of revenue 31 3 Gross profit 219 172 Operating expenses General and administrative 22,643 32,887 12,861 Sales and marketing 2,660 1,087 869 Research and development 44,083 14,870 14,311 Project development 1,426 219 479 Option settlement - related party 79,054 Depreciation, amortization and accretion 60,289 24,945 5,802 Total operating expenses 131,101 153,062 34,322 Operating loss (130,882) (153,062) (34,150) Other income (expense) Interest income 24,712 10,800 (30) Change in Earnout Shares liability and Warrant liability 29,361 (60,975) Other income 10 5 4 Net other income (expense) 54,083 (50,170) (26) Net loss before income tax (76,799) (203,232) (34,176) Income tax benefit 11,137 681 Net loss after income tax (65,662) (202,551) (34,176) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests (50,791) (136,987) Net loss attributable to NET Power Inc. (14,871) (65,564) (34,176) 
 
 Revenue 
 We have not generated material revenue to date. We have generated revenue through various contracts with potential future license customers for access to testing results, other data and feasibility studies. We have also generated revenue for conducting syngas testing at our Demonstration Plant. Revenue increased by 75, or 43 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to amounts for the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor) . 
 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expen ses decreased by 23,105, or 51 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to amounts for the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). This decrease was primarily due to 16,644 in costs related to the Business Combination and 1,958 in costs incurred in the Successor Period as a result of becoming a public company during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was also due to decreased amounts paid for professional services, partially offset by an increase in corporate headcount. 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, consultants and information technology costs directly associated with our sales and marketing activities, which include general publicity efforts for the Company. Sales and marketing expens es increased by 704, or 36 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to amounts for the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). This increase was primarily attributable to increased headcount and engagement of external consultants to support increased marketing activities. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development 
 Our R D expenses consist primarily of labor expenses and fees paid to third parties working on and testing specific aspects of our technology, including testing at our Demonstration Plant and development activities under the BHES JDA. R D increased by 14,902, or 51 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to amounts for the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). This increase was primarily due to timing of development activities under the BHES JDA. 
 
 Project development 
 Project development expenses consist of labor expenses and fees paid to third parties developing commercial scale projects. Project developme nt expenses increased by 728, or 104 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to amounts for the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). This increase was due to the initiation of activities related to development of a utility-scale facility and costs related to future projects. 
 
 Option settlement - related party 
 Option settlement expen se of 79,054 for the period from June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor) was due to a one-time cost for settlement of an option agreement in connection with the close of the Business Combination. 
 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion 
 Our depreciation, amortization and accretion expenses consist primarily of depreciation on our Demonstration Plant and amortization of intangible assets. Depreciation, amortization and accretion ex pense increased by 29,542, or 96 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to amounts for the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). As a result of the Business Combination, we adjusted the value of acquired assets to fair value, which resulted in a significant increase in intangible assets for internally developed technology and the Demonstration Plant. These increases resulted in an increase in related amortization and depreciation expense in the Successor Period. 
 
 Interest income 
 Interest income (expe nse) increased by 13,942, or 129 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to amounts for the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). Interest income increased due to the deployment of cash into fixed income securities and interest-bearing short-term investments subsequent to the Business Combination. 
 
 Change in Earnout Shares liability and Warrant liability 
 The change in Earnout Shares liability and Warrant liability was 90,336, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), as compared to amounts for the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). This increase is primarily due to the change in the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and Public Warrants which was driven by changes in our stock price. 
 Income tax benefit 
 Our income tax benefit increased by 10,456 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to amounts for the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). The increase is due to favorable permanent items and a cumulative tax benefit of 1,647 related to finalizing deferred taxes as of the Closing Date of the Business Combination in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor) and a lower effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor) due to unfavorable permanent differences for expenses associated with the closing of the Business Combination. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash, short-term investments and investments in highly liquid available-for-sale securities. Historically, our sources of liquidity have also included raising capital through the sale of equity. We may issue additional equity securities in the future. We measure liquidity in terms of our ability to fund the cash requirements of our R D activities and our near-term business operations, including our contractual obligations and other commitments. Our current liquidity needs primarily involve R D activities for the ongoing development of our technology, general and administrative costs, and expenditures to purchase long-lead items related to our first commercial scale facility. 
 The following table summarizes our liquidity position: 
 September 30, 2024 (Successor) Cash and cash equivalents 386,257 Available-for-sale securities 91,279 Short-term investments 100,000 Total liquidity 577,536 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had short-term investments totali ng 100,000, which was comprised of a single six-month certificate of deposit custodied by a domestic banking institution and available-for-sale securities comprised of investment grade, fixed income securities totaling 91,279. Additionally, our current liabilities were 26,915 a t September 30, 2024 (Successor). 
 We believe we have the ability to manage our operating costs, including R D expenditures, such that our existing liquidity will be sufficient to fund our obligations for the next 12 months following the filing of this Report. We believe that our current sources of liquidity on hand should be sufficient to fund our general corporate operating expenses as we work to commercialize our technology, but certain costs are not reasonably estimable at this time and we may require additional funding. More specifically, we will require additional funding in order to successfully construct our first utility-scale plant and to originate additional Net Power plant opportunities. 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 The following table shows our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the presented periods: 
 Period from January 1 - September 30, 2024 (Successor) June 8 September 30, 2023 (Successor) January 1 June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) Net cash used in operating activities (18,680) (35,373) (10,623) Net cash used in investing activities (129,467) (95,928) (2,431) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (91) 319,529 15,836 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash used in operating activitie s decreased 59.4 f or the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). Our net cash used in operating activities to date have been primarily comprised of payroll, material and supplies, facilities expense, and professional services related to R D, including the BHES JDA, and general and administrative activities. This change was primarily due to costs associated with the completion of the Business Combination and our corresponding transition to operating as a public company during the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). As we continue to increase hiring and build out the Company, we exp ect our cash used in operating activities to increase significantly before we start to generate any material cash inflows from our operations. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor), net cash used in investing activities increased 31.6 as compared to the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). Our cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor) primarily reflects the investment of a portion of the proceeds received from the PIPE Financing in investment grade fixed income securities and capital expenditures related to our Demonstration Plant and long-lead items for our first utility scale plant. 
 Financing Activities 
 Our cash provided by financing activitie s decreased 100.0 fo r the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Successor) compared to the combined periods from January 1, 2023 through June 7, 2023 (Predecessor) and June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor) . This change was driven by proceeds from the PIPE Financing, fewer transaction expenses, and a reduction in the number of shareholder redemptions during the period from June 8, 2023 through September 30, 2023 (Successor). 
 Commitments and Contractual Obligations 
 Asset Retirement Obligation 
 We hold a lease for approximately 218,900 square feet of land under the Demonstration Plant. In addition, we have an oxygen supply agreement with the lessor to supply oxygen to the Demonstration Plant. The lease expires on the earlier of (i) January 1, 2031 and (ii) the termination of our oxygen supply agreement with the lessor. The term of the oxygen supply agreement expires on January 1, 2030 with automatic 12-month renewal terms. The oxygen supply agreement may be terminated by us or by the lessor upon 24 months written notice prior to the expiration date of its current term. The underlying lease requires the removal of all equipment and the obligation to restore the land to post-clearing grade level, which has resulted in the recognition of an asset retirement obligation liability of 2,191 and 2,060 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Leases 
 As of September 30, 2024, future minimum lease payments attributable to the Company's operating and finance lease arrangements are appr oximately 3,447 and 382 , respectively . 
 The Company leases corporate office space in Durham, North Carolina, and Houston, Texas. The lease for the Company's corporate office space in Houston, Texas, commenced July 11, 2024. The Company also entered into a land lease agreement with a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum, a related party, on March 8, 2024, for land in West T exas with commencement of the lease to occur no later than December 31, 2024. The term of the Company's land lease has not yet commenced. 
 Joint Development Agreement 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we have committed to funding a portion of the remaining development costs incurred under the BHES JDA through a com bination of cash and equity. The BHES JDA's total value is 140,000. As of September 30, 2024, we recognized approximately 25,733 of inception-to-date cash expenses and approximately 25,932 of inception-to-date share-based expenses related to the BHES JDA. The share-based expense excludes 6,442 of realized loss on share issuance. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we hav e not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 
 Capital Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have committed to purchase certain components of industrial machinery for use at our Demonstration Plant and at our first utility-scale plant. The total gross commitments, which were initially unrecognized on our balance sheet, total ed 133,780 . As of September 30, 2024, there was 106,831 remai ning related to these commitments. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to our discussion of critical accounting estimates from those set forth in our Annual Report. 
 Emerging Growth Company Accounting Election 
 
 Section 102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies EGC's from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect not to take advantage of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-EGC's, and any such election to not take advantage of the extended transition period is irrevocable. We expect to be an EGC at least through the end of 2024 and will have the benefit of the extended transition period. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Part II - Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, the Company is party to certain legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these events cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not currently expect these matters to have a materially adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. However, for a discussion of the material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on us, please refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 On July 22, 2024, the Company issued 942,177 shares of Class B Common Stock and OpCo issued 942,177 C lass A units to BHES as payment for costs incurred pursuant to the Amended and Restated JDA during the second quarter of 2024. The issuances by the Company and OpCo were exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. These transactions did not involve any public offering, any underwriters, any underwriting discounts or commissions, or any general solicitation or advertising. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 

Insider Trading Arrangements 
 
 , , our , a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K) (the Patel 10b5-1 Plan that provides for the sale of up to the total of (a) shares of Class A shares Common Stock plus (b) the net number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon the vesting of RSUs in April 2025. Sales under the Patel 10b5-1 Plan may be made during the period beginning November 22, 2024 through . 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our other directors or officers (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a or (as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1+ Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2022, by and among Rice Acquisition Corp. II, Rice Acquisition Holdings II LLC, Topo Buyer Co, LLC, Topo Merger Sub, LLC and NET Power, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2022). 
 2.2 First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2023, by and among Topo Buyer Co, LLC and NET Power, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 24, 2023). 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of NET Power Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2023). 
 3.2 Bylaws of NET Power Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2023). 
 10.1+ V ariat ion Agreement No. 2 Regarding Letter of Limited Notice to Proceed for the Purchase of KPEP Long Lead Items between N ET Power, LLC and Baker Hughes Energy Servic es LLC , dated September 30, 2024. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 0.104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). + Certain schedules or similar attachments to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to provide a copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the SEC upon request. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Dated: November 12, 2024 NET Power Inc. 
 
 By: /s/ Kelly Rosser 
 Name: Kelly Rosser 
 Title: Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 39 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101toq3202410-q.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 
 DATED September 30, 2024 

Variation agreement No. 2 
 
 NET Power, LLC 
 and 
 Baker Hughes Energy Services LLC 

Regarding Letter of Limited Notice to Proceed for the Purchase of KPEP Long Lead Time Items 

This Variation Agreement No.2 is dated September 30, 2024 
 
 Parties 
 
 1. NET Power, LLC, 320 Roney Street, Suite 200 Durham, NC 27701 (NP) 
 
 2. Baker Hughes Energy Services LLC 575 N. Dairy Ashford Houston, Texas 77079 BH 
 (each of the above companies is also hereinafter referred to the Party and collectively the Parties 
 
 BACKGROUND 
 (a) The NP and BH are parties to a letter of limited notice to proceed for the purchase of KPEP long lead time items dated 28 December 2023 as amended by a variation agreement dated 28 June 2024 Variation Agreement together the Agreement , a copy of which is attached as Schedule 4 to this Variation Agreement No.2. 
 
 (b) BH and the NP have been in discussions regarding extending the Agreement to allow for additional KPEP long lead time items. The Parties wish to make the following amendments to the Agreement as set out below with effect from the date of this Variation Agreement No.2 Variation No.2 Date ). 
 
 Agreed terms 
 
 1. Terms defined in the Agreement 
 In this Variation Agreement No.2, expressions defined in the Agreement and used in this Variation Agreement No.2 have the meaning as set out in the Agreement. 
 
 2. Variation 
 
 2.1 With effect from the Variation No.2 Date the Parties agree the following amendments to the Agreement 
 a) Opening paragraph 3 is amended 
 In line 2 of the opening paragraph 3 the following words are deleted and replaced with the following words 
 b) Paragraph 6 is amended 
 In line 1 of paragraph 6 the following words are deleted and replace with the following words 

c) Paragraph 12 is amended 
 In lines 9, 16, 19 and 21 of paragraph 12 the following words are deleted and replace with the following words 
 d) Appendix A is deleted and replaced 
 Appendix A is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the Appendix A in Schedule 1 of this Variation Agreement No.2. 
 e) Appendix B is deleted and replaced 
 Appendix B is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the Appendix B in Schedule 2 of this Variation Agreement No.2. 
 f) Appendix C is deleted and replaced 
 Appendix C is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the Appendix C in Schedule 3 of this Variation Agreement No.2. 
 g) Appendix D is deleted and replaced 
 Appendix D is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Appendix D in Schedule 4 of this Variation Agreement No.2. 
 
 2.2 Except as set out Clause 2.1, the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 3. Governing law and jurisdiction 
 
 3.1 This Variation Agreement No.2 shall be governed by the Texas law. In the event of any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Variation Agreement No.2, the parties agree to submit the matter to settlement proceedings under the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) Mediation Rules, without prejudice to either party's right to seek interim emergency or conservatory measures of protection at any time. If the dispute has not been settled pursuant to the said Rules within 60 days following the filing of a Request for Mediation or within such other period as the parties may agree in writing, such dispute shall be finally settled under the ICC Rules of Arbitration by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules of Arbitration. The period of 60 days shall be reduced in accordance with the ICC Rules in the event either party seeks the appointment of an emergency arbitrator. The seat, or legal place, of arbitration, shall be Houston. 
 
 This agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of it. 
 
 NET Power, LLC 
 
 Initial _____ BFA ___________________ Initial ___ AP ______________________ 
 Name __ Brian Allen ________________ Name ___ Akash Patel _______________ 
 
 By _ s Danny Rice _____________________ 
 Name _ Danny Rice _____________________ 
 Title _ Chief Executive Officer _____________ 

Date _ September 30, 2024 ___________________ 

Baker Hughes Energy Services LLC 
 
 By __ s Chris Coffman ______________ 
 Name __ Chris Coffman ______________ 
 Title __ Vice President _______________ 
 Date __ September 30, 2024 __________ 

Schedule 1 
 Appendix A Special Terms and Conditions 
 1. LNTP Price and Payment Schedule 
 
 The LNTP Price is 89,889,200 USD (eighty-nine million eight hundred and eighty-nine thousand two hundred US dollars) 
 
 Phase 1 
 The price for the Phase 1 LNTP scope of work described in Appendix B is USD and shall be paid in accordance with the following payment schedule 
 # 
 of price 
 Payment Value (USD) 
 Milestone Event Payment Description 
 Estimated Invoice Date 
 1 

LNTP Effective Date 
 Effective Date 
 2 

Upon BH s placement of LNTP scope of work suborders 
 September 30, 2024 
 3 

Upon BH's receipt of HP casings 
 January 31, 2025 
 100 

Phase 2 
 The price for the Phase 2 LNTP scope of work described in Appendix B is USD and shall be paid in accordance with the following payment schedule 
 # 
 of price 
 Payment Value (USD) 
 Milestone Event Payment Description 
 Estimated Invoice Date 
 1 

Effective Date of Variation Agreement 
 Variation Date 
 2 

Upon BH s placement of LNTP scope of work suborders for Phase 2 
 December 15, 2024 
 3 

Upon BH's receipt of the casing liners and cups 
 April 30, 2025 
 100 

Phase 3 
 The price for the Phase 3 LNTP scope of work described in Appendix B is USD and shall be paid in accordance with the following payment schedule 
 # 
 of price 
 Payment Value (USD) 
 Milestone Event Payment Description 
 Estimated Invoice Date 
 1 

Variation No.2 Date 
 Variation No.2 Date 
 3 

Upon BH s placement of sub-orders for Electric Motors included in Phase 3 
 April 1, 2025 
 4 

Upon receipt of raw materials under Phase 3 included in the LNTP 
 December 15, 2025 
 5 

Upon receipt of Electric Motors, pro-rata 
 April 30, 2026 
 100 

It is understood and agreed that if BH completes a milestone event in advance of the estimated date indicated in the payment schedule set out above, NPWR shall not be required to make payment for such milestone prior to such estimated date identified on the payment schedule without its prior written consent. 

2. Termination Fee Schedule 
 In the event of termination, NPWR shall pay BH an amount calculated based on the following table 
 Elapsed Months from Effective Date of the LNTP 
 Cancellation on LNTP Price 
 0 
 1,2 1 
 1,4 2 
 1,7 3 
 3,6 4 
 4,7 5 
 7,1 6 
 13,5 7 
 17,5 8 
 20,7 9 
 29,2 10 
 33,6 11 
 38,8 12 
 45,8 13 
 54,2 14 
 60,5 15 
 67,3 16 
 74,2 17 
 78,7 18 
 83,6 19 
 86,9 20 
 89,9 21 
 92,8 22 
 95,0 23 
 96,8 24 
 97,5 25 
 98,2 26 
 98,9 27 
 99,3 28 
 99,6 29 
 100,0 

Schedule 2 
 Appendix B Limited Notice to Proceed (LNTP) Scope of Work 
 
 Phase 1 
 Package 
 Item Task 
 Quantity 
 1GT-0100 Oxy-fuel Turboexpander 

Phase 2 
 The list of items below is an is indicative list of items that BH, at the Variation Date, considers it will need to start procuring, in order to meet the current timeline. An indicative manufacturing plan for the Phase 2 items has been shared with NP. As part of the ongoing development activities and as information becomes available, the BH and NP project management teams will continue to review, assess, and update the manufacturing plan as necessary up to the issuance of the Definitive Purchasing Terms. In the event BH considers that it needs to amend the list of items and include, remove or replace items with other items, to account for changes in lead times and to enable BH to meet the current indicative schedule, then it shall be entitled to do so upon notice to NP, provided that (i) there shall be no increase of the LNTP Price unless the procedures for changes specified in Paragraph 9 of the Agreement are followed, and (ii) in the event that the removal or replacement of items results in lower costs, this shall be taken into consideration in the Definitive Purchasing Terms including in respect of amounts paid under this LNTP and scope provided. 

Package 
 Item Task 
 Quantity 
 Brief Description 
 1GT-0100 Oxy-fuel Turboexpander 

Raw materials received from sub-vendors are semi-finished products that will be used to produce one Oxy-Fuel Turboexpander only. Their quantity in the LNTP is based on an estimated manufacturing process yield factor to preserve the estimated schedule. BH and NPWR will evaluate the use of the raw materials not utilized in the Oxy-Fuel Turboexpander. 
 
 Phase 3 
 The list of items below is indicative list of items that BH, at the Variation No.2 Date, considers it will need to start procuring, in order to meet the delivery dates for the Phase 3 items as per the preliminary delivery plan that has been shared with NP. 0F 1 As part of the ongoing development activities and as information becomes available, the BH and NP project management teams will continue to review, assess, and update the manufacturing plan as necessary up to the issuance of the Definitive Purchasing Terms. In the event BH considers that it needs to amend the list of items and include, remove or replace items with other items, to account for changes in lead times and to enable BH to meet the current indicative schedule, then it shall be entitled to do so upon notice to NP, provided that (i) there shall be no increase of the LNTP Price unless the procedures for changes specified in Paragraph 9 of the Agreement are followed, and (ii) in the event that the removal or replacement of items results in lower costs, this shall be taken into consideration in the Definitive Purchasing Terms including in respect of amounts paid under this LNTP and scope provided. 
 
 Package 
 Item Task 
 Quantity 
 Brief Description 
 1GT-0100 Oxy-fuel Turboexpander 

01-PMP-3000A B, 01-PMP-3010A B Recycle Pumps 

01-CPR-2000 Recycle Compressor 

Schedule 3 
 Appendix C 

Schedule 4 
 Agreement 
 Attached 

DATED 28 June 2024 
 
 VARIATION AGREEMENT 
 
 NET Power, LLC 
 and 
 Baker Hughes Energy Services LLC 

REGARDING LETTER OF LIMITED NOTICE TO PROCEED FOR THE PURCHASE OF KPEP LONG LEAD TIME ITEMS 

This Variation Agreement is dated 28 June 2024 
 
 Parties 
 
 (1) NET Power, LLC, 320 Roney Street, Suite 200 Durham, NC 27701 (NP) 
 
 (2) Baker Hughes Energy Services LLC 575 N. Dairy Ashford Houston, Texas 77079 (BH) 
 (each of the above companies is also hereinafter referred to the Party and collectively the Parties) 
 
 BACKGROUND 
 
 (A) The NP and BH are parties to a letter of limited notice to proceed for the purchase of KPEP long lead time items dated 28 December 2023 (Agreement), a copy of which is attached as Schedule 4 to this Variation Agreement. 
 
 (B) BH and the NP have been in discussions regarding extending the Agreement to allow for additional KPEP long lead time items. The Parties wish to make the following amendments to the Agreement as set out below with effect from the date of this Variation Agreement (Variation Date). 
 
 Agreed terms 
 
 1. Terms defined in the Agreement 
 
 In this Variation Agreement, expressions defined in the Agreement and used in this Variation Agreement have the meaning as set out in the Agreement. 
 
 2. Variation 

2.1 With effect from the Variation Date the Parties agree the following amendments to the Agreement 
 
 a) Opening paragraph 3 is amended In line 2 of the opening paragraph 3 the following words are deleted and replaced with the following words 
 
 b) Paragraph 3(a) is amended In line 4 of Paragraph 3(a) after the words , insert the following words 
 
 It is acknowledged and agreed that the Part A of the Specification was finalised on or before . 
 
 c) Paragraph 6 is amended Paragraph 6 is amended by inserting the following wording at the end of the paragraph after the full stop 
 
 In addition, and for clarity, BH shall retain risk of loss and title to the long lead materials until the execution of the Definitive Purchasing Terms, upon which the terms of the Definitive Purchasing Terms shall govern risk of loss and title to the long lead materials. 
 
 d) Paragraph 12 is amended At the end of Paragraph 12 after the full stop insert the following words 
 
 In addition to the right to suspend performance of its obligations, it is acknowledged and agreed by the Parties that (a) the LNTP Price and LNTP Scope does not include the full extent of the scope and cost necessary for the order of all long lead items, and BH shall use reasonable endeavours to see that the LNTP Scope does include those long lead items that BH considers it will need to start procuring in order to meet the current timeline and (b) if the Definitive Purchasing Terms are not signed or alternatively the LNTP is not extended by the Parties prior to , that the estimated programme for the KPEP will be delayed and may result in additional cost to NPWR. BH agrees that prior to exercising its right to suspend the performance of its obligations under this LNTP that it shall escalate the reason for the delay in signature of the Definitive Purchasing Terms to its senior leaders who shall make reasonable efforts to arrange a meeting with NPWR senior leadership and seek to resolve the reason prior to or as soon as possible afterwards. If BH leaders attempts to resolve the issues are not successful then BH s right to suspend performance of its obligations under this Paragraph 12 may be exercised on the later of or the date of the meeting of leaders (if such meeting is held on, before or within 5 days of ). 
 
 e) Paragraph 22(b) is amended 
 
 Clause 22(b) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 (b) Further, the Parties acknowledge there are certain technical open items relating to design margin allowances that have not been fully resolved but for which the parties target resolution by . The Parties shall use reasonable endeavours and act in good faith to find resolution and agree these technical open items on or before . It is acknowledged and agreed by the Parties that the technical items to be resolved under this Paragraph 22(b) were resolved on a conceptual level on or before the target resolution date of and the Parties mutually agreed to move forward on that basis. 
 
 f) Appendix A is deleted and replaced 
 
 Appendix A is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the Appendix A in Schedule 1 of this Variation Agreement. 
 
 g) Appendix B is deleted and replaced 
 
 Appendix B is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the Appendix B in Schedule 2 of this Variation Agreement. 
 
 h) Appendix C is deleted and replaced 

Appendix C is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the Appendix C in Schedule 3 of this Variation Agreement. 
 
 2.2 Except as set out Clause 2.1, the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 3. Governing law and jurisdiction 
 
 3.1 This Variation Agreement shall be governed by the Texas law. In the event of any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Variation Agreement, the parties agree to submit the matter to settlement proceedings under the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) Mediation Rules, without prejudice to either party's right to seek interim emergency or conservatory measures of protection at any time. If the dispute has not been settled pursuant to the said Rules within 60 days following the filing of a Request for Mediation or within such other period as the parties may agree in writing, such dispute shall be finally settled under the ICC Rules of Arbitration by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules of Arbitration. The period of 60 days shall be reduced in accordance with the ICC Rules in the event either party seeks the appointment of an emergency arbitrator. The seat, or legal place, of arbitration, shall be Houston. 
 
 This agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of it. 
 
 NET Power, LLC 
 
 Initial _____ BFA ___________________ Initial ___ AP ______________________ 
 Name __ Brian Allen ________________ Name ___ Akash Patel _______________ 
 
 By _ s Danny Rice _____________________ 
 Name _ Danny Rice _____________________ 
 Title _ Chief Executive Officer _____________ 
 Date _ June 28, 2024 ___________________ 
 
 Baker Hughes Energy Services LLC 
 
 By __ s Chris Coffman ______________ 
 Name __ Chris Coffman ______________ 
 Title __ Vice President _______________ 
 Date __ June 28, 2024 __________ 

Schedule 1 
 Appendix A Special Terms and Conditions 
 
 1. LNTP Price and Payment Schedule 
 
 The LNTP Price is USD US dollars only) 
 
 Phase 1 
 The price for the Phase 1 LNTP scope of work described in Appendix B is USD and shall be paid in accordance with the following payment schedule 
 
 # of price Payment Value (USD) Milestone Event Estimated Invoice Date 
 Payment Description 
 
 1 LNTP Effective Date Effective Date 
 2 Upon BH s placement of September 30, 2024 
 LNTP scope of work suborders 
 3 Upon BH's receipt of the first January 31, 2025 
 materials 
 100 
 
 Phase 2 
 The price for the Phase 2 LNTP scope of work described in Appendix B is USD and shall be paid in accordance with the following payment schedule 
 
 # of price Payment Value (USD) Milestone Event Estimated Invoice Date 
 Payment Description 
 1 Variation Agreement Variation Date 

Effective Date 
 2 Upon BH s placement of LNTP December 15, 2024 
 scope of work suborders 
 3 Upon BH's receipt of the April 30, 2025 
 first materials 
 100 
 
 It is understood and agreed that if BH completes a milestone event in advance of the estimated date indicated in the payment schedule set out above, NPWR shall not be required to make payment for such milestone prior to such estimated date identified on the payment schedule without its prior written consent. 
 
 2. Termination Fee Schedule 
 
 In the event of termination, NPWR shall pay BH an amount calculated based on the following table 
 Elapsed Months from Effective Date of the LNTP Cancellation on LNTP Price 
 0 1,9 
 1 2,2 
 2 2,6 
 3 5,6 
 4 7,4 
 5 11,1 
 6 21,1 
 7 27,3 
 8 32,3 
 9 37,2 
 10 44,1 
 11 52,2 
 12 60,4 
 13 70,5 
 14 77,6 
 15 84,3 
 16 90,6 
 17 93,7 
 18 96,9 
 19 98,1 
 20 99,4 
 21 100,0 

Schedule 2 
 
 Appendix B Limited Notice to Proceed (LNTP) Scope of Work 
 Phase 1 
 
 Package Item Task Quantity 
 1GT-0100 Oxy-fuel Turboexpander 

Phase 2 
 
 The list of items below is an is indicative list of items that BH, at the Variation Date, considers it will need to start procuring, in order to meet the current timeline. An indicative manufacturing plan for the Phase 2 items has been shared with NP. As part of the ongoing development activities and as information becomes available, the BH and NP project management teams will continue to review, assess, and update the preliminary schedule as necessary up to the issuance of the Definitive Purchasing Terms. In the event BH considers that it needs to amend the list of items and include, remove or replace items with other items, to account for changes in lead times and to enable BH to meet the current indicative schedule, then it shall be entitled to do so upon notice to NP, provided that (i) there shall be no increase of the LNTP Price unless the procedures for changes specified in Paragraph 9 of the Agreement are followed, and (ii) in the event that the removal or replacement of items results in lower costs, this shall be taken into consideration in the Definitive Purchasing Terms including in respect of amounts paid under this LNTP and scope provided. 
 
 Package Item Task Quantity Brief Description 
 1GT-0100 Oxy-fuel Turboexpander 

Raw materials received from sub-vendors are semi-finished products that will be used to produce one Oxy-Fuel Turboexpander only. Their quantity in the LNTP is based on an estimated manufacturing process yield factor to preserve the estimated schedule. BH and NPWR will evaluate the use of the raw materials not utilized in the Oxy-Fuel Turboexpander. 

Schedule 3 
 
 Appendix C 

Schedule 4 
 
 Agreement 

Letter of Limited Notice to Proceed 
 
 December 28, 2023 
 
 To 
 Baker Hughes Energy Services LLC 
 575 N. Dairy Ashford 
 Houston, Texas 77079 BH 
 
 Subject Letter of Limited Notice to Proceed for the Purchase of KPEP Long Lead Time Items LNTP 
 
 To Whom it may Concern, 
 
 We are writing in connection with the development by us (Net Power, LLC) NPWR of the design, engineering, procurement, construction, installation, completion, commissioning, testing, operation, and maintenance of a NET Power plant and associated infrastructure, currently anticipated to be sited near Odessa, Texas (the Project ). 
 
 As you know, NPWR contemplates the development of the Project which shall incorporate certain key process equipment packages KPEP to be agreed on by NPWR and BH (each a Party to this LNTP) pursuant to as-yet to be agreed terms and conditions (the Definitive Purchasing Terms ). The Parties recognize that, in order to progress the Project, prior to entry into of the Definitive Purchasing Terms, certain long- 

lead materials will need to be ordered as set out in Appendix B LNTP Scope ). This LNTP governs the order of the long lead materials prior to the determination of Definitive Purchasing Terms. 
 
 The Parties will work to establish and agree to the Definitive Purchasing Terms and enter into a Purchase Order by (the PO Date ). In the event that the Purchase Order is not executed by the PO Date, the Parties will evaluate whether further expansion of LNTP Scope may be required to maintain Project schedule. 
 
 In advance of the Definitive Purchasing Terms, we wish you to commence certain activities as set out below, based on the following conditions 
 The LNTP Services and LNTP Scope 
 
 1. The effective date of this LNTP is the date of signature, as set out above Effective Date ). 
 
 2. Until such time that the Definitive Purchasing Terms are finalized, any reference to the Order or Contract within this LNTP and attached documentation shall be deemed to refer to this LNTP, and any reference to the Order date or Contract date shall be deemed to refer to the effective date of this LNTP. 
 
 3. BH is instructed and authorized to perform 
 
 (a) engineering work and order materials for the equipment set covered in the LNTP Scope in accordance with a preliminary technical specification mutually agreed by the parties and attached as Appendix C (the Specification ). The Parties anticipate that the Specification shall be finalized and agreed between the Parties on or about . The Specification may be updated and amended by the agreement of the Parties from time to time provided that any update may entitle BH to an increase in the LNTP Price and may delay the timeline of the Project. BH shall notify NPWR of any change in the LNTP Price or estimated delay in the timeline as part of the discussions on amendments to the Specification and 
 (b) associated services necessary to place such orders, (collectively the LNTP Services upon acceptance of this LNTP. 
 (c) BH has the right to invoice, and NPWR will make payment of the LNTP Price (as defined below) in accordance with this LTNP and the milestones set out in Appendix A. 
 
 4. All works carried out under this LNTP shall be carried out in accordance with 
 
 (a) this LNTP 
 (b) Appendix A and Appendix B and 
 (c) the Specification 
 
 In case of any conflict between the body of this LNTP and its Appendices, the Parties shall promptly meet and confer to resolve such conflict. In the event that the 

resolution of any such conflict in the documents or order-of-documentation conflict results in an additional cost, the Parties will cooperate reasonably to determine what additional cost may be applicable and to minimize such cost. In the event such resolution results in a reduced cost, the Parties will likewise cooperate reasonably to determine any applicable refund to amounts paid or change to amounts not yet paid. 
 
 Delivery, Title and Risk 
 
 1. The ordering of the materials set out in the LNTP Scope and performance of the LNTP Services shall be the sole obligations of BH under this LNTP. 
 
 2. If the Definitive Purchasing Terms are not signed on or before , upon prior notice to NPWR, BH may store the long lead materials or ship them to outside storage, in which case, all reasonable, direct, and documented expenses incurred by BH Group, such as for preparation and placement into storage, handling, inspection, preservation, insurance, removal charges, interest, and any VAT or other taxes imposed directly or indirectly under Applicable Law, shall be reimbursed or paid by NPWR as addition to the LNTP Price (as defined below) upon submission of BH s invoice(s). 

Warranty 
 
 1. Subject to the limitations set forth in this LNTP, upon receipt of the first milestone payment, BH warrants to NPWR that the LNTP Services shall be performed in a competent and diligent manner in accordance with applicable BH specifications for the KPEP to be delivered to the project. 
 
 2. Notwithstanding any limitations on warranty in the prior paragraph 7, the parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the warranty provisions contained within the Definitive Purchasing Terms will supersede any warranty provisions contained within this Agreement with respect to the KPEP to be delivered to the Project. 
 
 Changes 
 
 1. Each party may at any time propose changes in the schedule or scope of LNTP Services and or the LNTP Scope in the form of a draft change order. Neither party is obligated to proceed with the changed schedule or scope until both parties agree to such change in writing. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, pricing for additional work arising from such changes shall be at time and material rates. 
 
 Payment 
 
 1. NPWR shall pay to BH the LTNP price LNTP Price set out in Appendix A without any set-off, and in the currency set out in Appendix A. Payment shall be 

made within 30 days from NPWR s electronic or hard copy (whichever is earlier) receipt of a properly prepared invoice. Invoices shall be entitled to be raised on achievement of each milestone set out in Appendix A. BH shall submit an electronic invoice by email to NPWR s account payable department. Any changes impacting the above shall be promptly communicated by NPWR to BH. If NPWR disputes an invoice, NPWR shall notify BH promptly within 10-days from invoice receipt and shall pay the undisputed portion. 
 
 2. In addition to other remedies under this LNTP, NPWR shall pay interest to BH at the then applicable U.S. Prime Rate based on the Wall Street Journal Money Rates table for the period of delayed payment on all amounts not paid in accordance with this LNTP until the date that such amounts are paid. 
 
 3. In the event NPWR fails to execute the Definitive Purchasing Terms by , and or fulfill any payment obligation set forth in this LNTP when due, then BH shall have the right, upon 15 (fifteen) days written notice to NPWR, to suspend the performance of its obligations under this LNTP and any scheduled delivery date (as well as all milestones schedule dates) shall be postponed by the same or for a longer period. 
 
 4. Should the suspension period under the preceding paragraph last more than 90 days, BH shall have the right to terminate this LNTP and shall have the right to invoice, and NPWR shall pay termination amount set out in Appendix A to BH, following receipt of the invoice. Any reasonable, direct, and documented costs incurred by BH as a result of such suspension (including storage, stand-by costs, demobilization and re-mobilization costs) shall be payable by NPWR upon submission of BH s invoices. Performance of BH s obligations shall be extended for a period equaling the period of NPWR s failure to meet its payment obligations, plus such additional time as may be reasonably necessary to overcome the effect of such payment delay. 
 
 Taxes 
 
 1. BH shall be responsible for and shall pay when due and payable all BH Taxes, and NPWR shall be responsible for and shall pay all NPWR Taxes. BH Taxes shall mean all corporate income taxes imposed on BH and any taxes imposed on BH s employees in connection with the execution of this LNTP or the performance of or payment for work hereunder by Applicable Laws and NPWR Taxes shall mean all existing and future taxes, duties, fees, and other charges of any nature (including, but not limited to, ad valorem, consumption, excise, franchise, gross receipts, import, export, license, property, sales and use, stamp, storage, tariffs, transfer, turnover, value-added taxes VAT ), or other similar taxes, and any and all items of deficiency, penalty, addition to tax, interest, or assessment related thereto), imposed or assessed by any governmental authority of any country (or any political subdivision thereof) in connection with the execution of this LNTP or performance of or payment for work hereunder, but excluding BH Taxes. 

2. The LNTP Price does not include any NPWR Taxes. Therefore, if any such taxes are applicable, they will be added to the LNTP Price. For U.S. sales and use tax, and in other jurisdictions where applicable, NPWR may report remit sales or similar taxes directly if NPWR timely provides a direct pay or exemption certificate to BH. 
 
 3. If either party fails to comply with the applicable tax laws of the country where LNTP Services are rendered or LNTP Scope delivered, such party hereby agrees to Indemnify the other party Affected Party for any Claims which the Affected Party suffers as a result of such non-compliance. 
 Assignment, Novation and Subcontracting 
 
 1. NPWR may assign or novate this LNTP, in full or in part and including through change of ownership, only with the prior written consent of BH, which consent shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld provided that (a) the Parties acknowledge the intention of NPRW to novate this Agreement to an Affiliate that is a project specific special purpose vehicle and (b) BH shall be entitled to withhold such consent only for demonstrable reasons if the assignee novatee lacks adequate financial capability, is a competitor or potential competitor of BH or its Affiliates, causes BH or any of its Affiliates to be in breach of Applicable Law, and or does not meet BH s code of Conduct. BH may assign or novate the LNTP to third parties, in full or in part, only with the prior consent of NPWR, which consent shall not be unreasonably provided that BH may assign this LNTP to any of its Affiliates without the consent of NPWR. Any assignment or novation in violation of the above shall be void and without effect for the other party. Nothing herein shall restrict BH from subcontracting portions of its work, provided that BH remains responsible to NPWR for performance of such work and other obligations of BH hereunder. For the purposes of this LNTP an Affiliate of a Party shall include any company controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, the relevant party where control means direct or indirect ownership of at least 50 of the voting stock or interest in a company or the ability to appoint the majority of board of directors. Group shall mean a Party and all of its Affiliates. 
 
 Confidentiality and Data Privacy 
 
 1. Confidential Information means pricing and intellectual property and technology for the goods under the LNTP Scope and or LNTP Services, and or any information that is designated in writing as confidential or proprietary at the time of disclosure, or orally designated as confidential or proprietary and confirmed in writing within 10 days after oral disclosure. Confidential Information shall not include information that (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than from disclosure by the receiving party s Group (ii) is or becomes available to the receiving party s Group on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the disclosing party and, after due inquiry, that source is not subject to a confidentiality obligation to the disclosing party or (iii) is independently developed by the receiving party s Group without reference to the disclosing party s Confidential Information, as evidenced by written documents. 

2. The parties shall (i) use, reproduce, or disclose the other party s Confidential Information only in connection with this LNTP and permitted use(s) and or LNTP Services (ii) take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality, and prevent disclosure and unauthorized use of the Confidential Information and (iii) in particular, not disclose Confidential Information to the other party s competitors. 
 
 3. A party may disclose Confidential Information (i) to any member of its Group who has a need to know such information to perform this LNTP or use and maintain any products, parts within the LNTP Scope and or LNTP Services, provided that such member is bound in writing to confidentiality obligations and use restrictions at least as restrictive as in this LNTP and (ii) to comply with a legal obligation, but only after promptly notifying the disclosing party of its disclosure obligation so that the disclosing party may seek an appropriate protective order or agency decision. If, absent the entry of a protective order or other similar remedy, the receiving party is based on the advice of its counsel legally compelled to disclose such Confidential Information, such receiving party may furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information that has been legally compelled to be disclosed and shall exercise its reasonable efforts in good faith to obtain confidential treatment for any Confidential Information so disclosed. NPWR shall not disclose Confidential Information to BH under this LNTP unless required for BH to perform under this LNTP. Each Party disclosing information warrants to the party receiving that information that the disclosing party has the right to disclose any such information and hereby agrees to Indemnify the receiving party and its Affiliates from any Claims resulting from improper or unauthorized disclosure. 
 
 4. Neither party shall make any public announcement about any aspect of this LNTP or related documents or information without prior written approval of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Each party hereby agrees to Indemnify the other for failure to comply with the confidentiality obligations undertaken herein. 
 
 Termination and Suspension 
 
 1. (a) Either party may terminate the LNTP for default if (i) any proceeding is brought against the other party, voluntarily or involuntarily, under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws and is not dismissed within 180 days, or if the other party is unable to pay its debts when due, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law or (ii) the other party commits a material breach of this LNTP, which does not otherwise have a specified contractual remedy, and fails to cure the breach within 30 days of notice from the non-breaching party, or if it is not possible to cure such breach within 30 days, fails to commence to cure the breach within 30 days of such notice or fails to thereafter continue diligent efforts to complete the cure as soon as reasonably possible. 
 
 (b) Further, the Parties acknowledge there are certain technical open items relating to design margin allowances that have not been fully resolved but for which the parties target resolution by . The Parties shall use reasonable 

endeavors and act in good faith to find resolution and agree these technical open items on or before . In the event that the Parties fail to reach resolution and agree by that date, either Party may (i) suspend this Agreement for 30 days, and in doing so all obligations are hereby extended on a day-for-day basis, until agreement of the technical open items is achieved and if agreement is not reached in the 30 day period, this Agreement shall immediately terminate, or (ii) terminate this Agreement immediately. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of termination under this Paragraph 22(b), the maximum obligation of NET Power under the Termination Fee Schedule of Appendix A(2) shall be 7 . 
 
 2. In the event of termination by 
 
 a. BH under paragraph 22(a)(ii), 
 
 b. either Party under paragraph 22(b)(ii) or following end of suspension period under paragraph 22(b)(i) without agreement, 
 
 NPWR shall pay to BH the amount of the termination amount set out in Appendix A. 
 
 Compliance with Laws, Codes and Standards 
 
 1. Notwithstanding any other provision of this LNTP, the parties shall at all times be subject to all Applicable Law in the performance of this LNTP. 
 
 2. BH is entitled to an equitable adjustment to the LNTP Price and any delivery schedule to reflect any additional costs and other impact incurred by BH Group as a result of a change in Applicable Law or applicable standards and regulations, including changes in the interpretation thereof by a court, or governmental authority after entering into this LNTP. In the event any such change prevents BH Group from performing this LNTP without breaching Applicable Law or makes BH s execution of its obligations unreasonably burdensome or unbalanced, BH shall meet and confer with NPWR to determine if a reasonable accommodation can be made to continue the undertakings of this LNTP consistent with the purpose and parties intent of this LNTP. 
 
 3. NPWR and BH agree that they will not sell, distribute, disclose, release or otherwise transfer any material or technical data provided under this LNTP to (i) any country designated as a State Sponsor of Terrorism by the U.S. Department of State including, for this LNTP, the countries of Cuba and North Korea (ii) any entity located in, or owned by an entity located in, a State Sponsor of Terrorism country or Cuba or North Korea, (iii) the region of Crimea or (iv) any person or entity listed on the Entity List or Denied Persons List maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, the list of Specifically Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by the U.S. Department of Treasury or any other applicable prohibited party list of the US Government. This Paragraph 28 will apply regardless of the legality of such a transaction under local law. Except as otherwise agreed in writing between the parties, each party shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any authorization required for its 

performance under this LNTP (including the transfer of any item or technical data under this LNTP), such as any export license, import license, exchange permit or other required government export or import authorization. Each party shall provide the reasonable assistance necessary for the other party to secure and comply with such authorizations as may be required. Neither party shall be liable if any government export authorization is delayed, denied, revoked, restricted or not renewed despite reasonable efforts by such party. Additionally, such delay, denial, revocation or non-renewal shall not constitute a breach of this LNTP. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 1. Each of NPWR and BH shall retain ownership of any and all Confidential Information and intellectual property it or its Group had prior to the negotiations of this LNTP. As between NPWR and BH, any and all new intellectual property conceived, created, developed or provided by BH Group under this LNTP shall be owned in accordance with existing agreements between NPWR and BH on developed Intellectual Property. 
 
 2. In the event that a Party causes this LNTP to be novated to a third party or novated to an Affiliate of that Party and such Affiliate ceases to be an Affiliate for any reason (e.g., a non-controlled project company), the provisions of the preceding paragraph shall continue to apply only as between NPWR and BH. To the extent that a third party may acquire any right or interest in any such new intellectual property under this LNTP, by accepting any assignment or novation of this LNTP, such third party irrevocably assigns and agrees to assign and or cause its Affiliates to assign and the assigning Party (BH or NPWR, as the case may be) undertakes and warrants to the non-assigning Party that such third party shall assign, all such rights and interests in and to new intellectual property to BH as instructed by BH, and to execute assignments and other documentation as necessary to achieve this result. In the event of such third-party assignment of developed intellectual property to BH under this paragraph, then as between NPWR and BH, BH agrees to carry out such further assignment to NPWR to maintain the IP ownership intent referenced in paragraph 27. 
 
 Limitation of Liability 
 
 1. Except only for BH s obligations in paragraphs 24 (to the extent of fines and penalties imposed by a government authority as a result of BH s violation of applicable law), BH Group s total liability for any and all claims of any kind, regardless of cause or action, arising out of or related to this LNTP, or its performance or breach, including without limitation warranty and termination, shall not under any circumstances exceed the LNTP Price allocable to the services giving rise to the claim. BH Group shall have no liability for advice or assistance gratuitously provided by BH Group but not required pursuant to this LNTP. All of BH Group s liabilities shall terminate at the end of the period that is 12 months from the date that NPWR has notice or should have had notice of the cause of the action arose, except for claims that have been timely commenced by NPWR in accordance with this LNTP. 

2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, and except only to the extent of agreed termination fees due to BH under this LNTP, BH hereby agrees to indemnify NPWR Group from and against any and all claims for consequential loss suffered by BH Group and NPWR hereby agrees to indemnify BH Group from and against any and all claims for consequential loss suffered by NPWR Group, regardless of cause or action. 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 1. Except as otherwise expressly provided with regard to members of each party s Group, none of the terms herein are intended to be enforced to any third party. BH and NPWR shall be entitled to modify, vary, amend and or extinguish such rights without the consent of any third parties or member of either party s Group. 
 
 2. This LNTP represents the entire agreement between the parties and no modification, amendment, rescission, waiver or other change shall be binding on either party unless agreed to in writing by their authorized representatives. Each party agrees that it has not relied on, or been induced by, any representations of the other party not contained in this LNTP. 
 
 3. This LNTP shall be governed by the Texas law. In the event of any dispute arising out of or in connection with this LNTP, the parties agree to submit the matter to settlement proceedings under the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) Mediation Rules, without prejudice to either party's right to seek interim emergency or conservatory measures of protection at any time. If the dispute has not been settled pursuant to the said Rules within 60 days following the filing of a Request for Mediation or within such other period as the parties may agree in writing, such dispute shall be finally settled under the ICC Rules of Arbitration by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules of Arbitration. The period of 60 days shall be reduced in accordance with the ICC Rules in the event either party seeks the appointment of an emergency arbitrator. The seat, or legal place, of arbitration, shall be Houston. 
 
 4. This letter supersedes any previous instruction, correspondence, or other discussions between us in relation to the works and represents the entire agreement between us in relation to the subject matter. 
 
 5. Each Party represents that it has authority to enter into this LNTP. 
 
 6. U.S. Government Contracts. NPWR acknowledges that, as of the signing of this LNTP, it is not currently a recipient of government funds applicable to the payments under this LNTP. The Parties acknowledge that NPWR has applied for certain government funding and, if such funding is granted, the Parties will work together with the aim that any payments under this LNTP using such funding comply with the conditions of such funding. 
 7. 
 Please acknowledge receipt and acceptance of this Letter of Intent by signing and returning a copy. 

Yours Truly, 

s Brian Allen NET Power, LLC 
 
 Accepted on behalf of BH Entity 
 
 Signature s Rebecca Lock _________________ 
 
 Name _ Rebecca Lock ___________________ 
 
 Date _ December 28, 2023 _______________ 

Appendix A Special Terms and Conditions 
 
 1. LNTP Price and Payment Schedule 
 
 The price of the LNTP scope of work described in Appendix B for the Project is USD 
 
 The LNTP Price shall be paid according to the following payment schedule # 
 of LNTP Price 
 Payment Value (USD) 
 Milestone Event Payment Description 
 Estimated Invoice Date 
 1 

LNTP Effective Date 
 Effective Date 
 2 

Upon BH s placement of LNTP scope of work suborders 
 September 30, 2024 
 3 

Upon BH's receipt of the first materials 
 January 31, 2025 
 100 

It is understood and agreed if BH completes a milestone in advance of the estimated date that is indicated on the payment schedule, NPWR shall not be required to make payment for such milestone prior to such estimated date identified on the payment schedule without its prior written consent. 
 
 2. Termination Fee Schedule 
 
 In the event of termination, NPWR shall pay BH an amount calculated based on the following table 

Elapsed Months from Effective Date 
 Cancellation on LNTP Price 
 0 
 5 
 1 
 6 
 2 
 7 
 3 
 15 
 4 
 20 
 5 
 30 
 6 
 40 
 7 
 55 
 8 
 65 
 9 
 75 
 10 
 85 
 11 
 90 
 12 
 95 
 13 
 97 
 14 
 99 
 15 
 100 

Appendix B Limited Notice to Proceed (LNTP) Scope of Work 
 
 Package 
 Item Task 
 Quantity 
 1GT-0100 Oxy-fuel Turboexpander 

Raw materials received from sub-vendors are semi-finished products that will be used to produce one Oxy-Fuel Turboexpander only. Their quantity in the LNTP is based on an estimated manufacturing process yield factor to preserve the estimated schedule. BH and NPWR will evaluate the use of the raw materials not utilized in the Oxy-Fuel Turboexpander. 

Appendix C TEX Specification 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a03np-q32024xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Daniel J. Rice IV, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of NET Power Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s 

fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 By s Daniel J. Rice IV 
 Daniel J. Rice IV 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a04np-q32024xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Akash Patel, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of NET Power Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s 

fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 By s Akash Patel 
 Akash Patel 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a05np-q32024xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of NET Power Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel J. Rice IV, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Daniel J. Rice IV 
 Daniel J. Rice IV 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a06np-q32024xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of NET Power Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Akash Patel, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Akash Patel 
 Akash Patel 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 npwr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 npwr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 npwr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 npwr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 npwr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

