<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_355019_0001731122-24-001763.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4122394</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66949</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>903549</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>978932</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1038802</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1051126</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-24-001763.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112134435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-24-001763
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FONAR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000355019
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				112464137
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10248
		FILM NUMBER:		241446663

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 MARCUS DR
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6316942929

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 MARCUS DRIVE
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-24-001763.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 fonar_10-q.htm
 FONAR 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

FORM 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly
period ended 

 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO . 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definition of accelerated filer, large accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer , Smaller
reporting company Emerging growth company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Page 1 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the close of the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Outstanding at November 8, 2024 
 
 Common Stock, par value .0001 

Class B Common Stock, par value .0001 

Class C Common Stock, par value .0001 

Class A Preferred Stock, par value .0001 

Page 2 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 PAGE 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and June 30, 2024 
 
 4 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 7 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 8 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 9 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 10 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 23 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 29 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 29 
 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 29 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 29 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 30 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 32 
 
 I tem 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 32 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 32 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 32 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 33 
 
 Signatures 
 
 33 

Page 3 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Amounts and shares in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

ASSETS 

September 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 
 June 30, 2024 
 
 Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable net 

Accounts receivable - related party 

Medical receivable net 

Management and other fees receivable net 

Management and other fees receivable related medical practices net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Accounts receivable long term 

Deferred income tax asset 

Property and equipment net 

Note receivable related party 

Right-of-use-asset operating leases 

Right-of-use-asset financing lease 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets net 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Page 4 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Amounts and shares in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

September 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 
 June 30, 2024 
 
 Current Liabilities: 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Unearned revenue on service contracts 

Unearned revenue on service contracts related party 

Operating lease liabilities - current portion 

Financing lease liability - current portion 

Customer deposits 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Liabilities: 

Unearned revenue on service contracts 

Deferred income tax liability 

Due to related party medical practices 

Operating lease liabilities net of current portion 

Financing lease liability net of current portion 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Other liabilities 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Page 5 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Amounts and shares in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 
 September 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 
 June 30, 2024 
 
 Class A non-voting preferred stock par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 

Preferred stock par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, issued and outstanding 

Common Stock par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, issued at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 respectively 

Class B Common Stock (10 votes per share) par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024; . issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 

Class C Common Stock (25 votes per share) par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 

Paid-in capital in excess of par value 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, at cost shares of common stock at September 30, 2024 and shares of common stock at June 30, 2024 

Total Fonar Corporation s Stockholders Equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Page 6 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF INCOME 

 (Amounts and shares in thousands,
except per share amounts) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 
(Unaudited) 
 
 REVENUES 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Patient fee revenue net of contractual allowances and discounts 

Product sales 

Service and repair fees 

Service and repair fees - related parties 

Management and other fees 

Management and other fees - related medical practices 

Total Revenues Net 

COSTS AND EXPENSES 

Costs related to patient fee revenue 

Costs related to product sales 

Costs related to service and repair fees 

Costs related to service and repair fees - related parties 

Costs related to management and other fees 

Costs related to management and other fees related medical practices 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total Costs and Expenses 

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 

Other Income and (Expenses) 

Interest Expense 

Investment income related party 

Investment Income 

Other income 

Income Before Provision for Income Taxes and Noncontrolling Interests 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Net Income 

Net Income - Noncontrolling Interests 

Net Income Attributable to FONAR 

Net Income Available to Common Stockholders 

Net Income Available to Class A Non-Voting Preferred Stockholders 

Net Income Available to Class C Common Stockholders 

Basic Net Income Per Common Share Available to Common Stockholders 

Diluted Net Income Per Common Share Available to Common Stockholders 

Basic and Diluted Income Per Share Class C Common 

Weighted Average Basic Shares Outstanding Common Stockholders 

Weighted Average Diluted Shares Outstanding - Common Stockholders 

Weighted Average Basic and Diluted Shares Outstanding - Class C Common 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

Page 7 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

 (Amounts and shares in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock (Shares) 
 Paid in capital in excess of par value 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Treasury Stock 
 Treasury Stock (Shares) 
 Non Controlling Interests 
 Total 
 
 Balance June 30, 2024 

Net income 

Purchase of Treasury stock 

Distributions - Non controlling interests 

Income - Non controlling interests 

Balance September 30, 2024 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock (Shares) 
 Paid in capital in excess of par value 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Treasury Stock 
 Treasury Stock (Shares) 
 Non Controlling Interests 
 Total 
 
 Balance June 30, 2023 

Net income 

Purchase of Treasury stock 

Distributions - Non controlling interests 

Income - Non controlling interests 

Balance September 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Page 8 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Amounts and shares in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 
(Unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Recovery for credit losses 

Deferred tax expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net: 

Accounts, medical and management fee receivable(s) 

Notes receivable 

Notes receivable related party 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Financing lease liabilities 

Customer deposits 

Other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Cost of patents 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Repayment of borrowings and capital lease obligations 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Period 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Page 9 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 and 2023 

 (Amounts and shares in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

interest in HDM. Health Management
Corporation of America retained a direct ownership interest of in HDM, and the original investors in HDM retained a ownership
interest in the newly expanded HDM. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the Company purchased non-controlling interests from the
minority shareholders for . Currently the Company has a direct ownership interest of and the investors have a 
ownership interest. The entire management of diagnostic imaging centers business segment is now being conducted by HDM, operating under
the name Health Management Company of America . 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information
and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes
required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial statements. In the opinion
of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.
Operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024, are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 27, 2024 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Medicare/Medicaid 

Workers Compensation/Personal Injury 

Other 

Patient Fee Revenue, net of contractual allowances and discounts 

shares upon conversion
of Class C Common. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic income per common share 

Diluted 

Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding 

Convertible Class C Stock 

Total Denominator for diluted earnings per share 

Diluted income per common share 

Accounts receivable - related party 

Medical receivable 

Management and other fees receivable 

Management and other fees receivable from related medical practices PC s 

June 30, 2024 

Gross Receivable 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 Net 
 
 Accounts receivable 

Medical receivable 

Management and other fees receivable 

Management and other fees receivable from related medical practices PC s 

The Company s customers are concentrated in the healthcare industry. 

Accounts Receivable 

Credit risk with respect to the Company s accounts
receivable related to product sales and service and repair fees is limited due to the customer advances received prior to the commencement
of work performed and the billing of amounts to customers as sub-assemblies are completed. Service and repair fees are billed on a monthly
or quarterly basis and the Company does not continue providing these services if accounts receivable become past due. The Company controls
credit risk with respect to accounts receivable from service and repair fees through its credit evaluation process, credit limits, monitoring
procedures and reasonably short collection terms. The Company performs ongoing credit authorizations before a product sales contract is
entered into or service and repair fees are provided. 

Long Term Accounts Receivable 

Long term accounts receivable balances at September
30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 amounted to approximately and respectively. The Company will generate revenue from long-term, non-cancellable
contracts to provide service and repair services. Future revenue to be recognized over the following four years as of September 30, 2024
is as follows: 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Total 

Medical Receivables 

Medical receivables are due under fee-for-service
contracts from third party payors, such as hospitals, government sponsored healthcare programs, patient s legal counsel and directly
from patients. Substantially all the revenue relates to patients residing in Florida. Medical receivables are recorded at net realizable
value based on the estimated amounts the Company expects to receive from patients and third-party payors. The medical receivable is reduced
by contractual adjustments based on the historical experience with each payor class at each location. 

Management and Other Fees Receivable 

Management
fees receivable is related to management fees outstanding from the related and non related PCs under management agreements. The Company
has established a current expected credit loss CECL to address the risk that a portion of the contractually obligated
management fees receivable from the PCs may not be paid. The PC s may be limited in their ability to pay the full management fee
receivable if they do not collect sufficient expected fees from third-party payers and patients. The Company s management fees are
collateralized, individually and collectively, by the assets of the PCs. The CECL is determined based on the difference between the management
fee receivable and the current amount of outstanding fees estimated to be collected by the PCs. 

The Company s considerations into the estimate
of the PC s fee collection is based on a combination of factors. As each management agreement specifies the Company s ultimate
collateral for unpaid management fees are the patient fee receivables owned by each PC, the Company considers the historical loss rates
to pools of receivables with similar risks characteristics, aging of the patient fee receivables, and the financial condition of each
PC. In addition, the Company subjectively adjusts its estimated expected credit losses for current and forward-looking economic conditions
which would include trends seen within the industry and newly enacted regulation. The Company also incorporates qualitative factors, such
as changes in the nature and volume of receivables, regulatory changes, and other relevant factors. Specifically, insurance carriers covering
automobile no-fault and workers compensation claims incur longer payment cycles and rigorous informational requirements and certain other
disallowed claims. Approximately of the PCs 2024 and 2023 net revenues were derived from no-fault and personal injury protection
claims. 

The Company combines an objective and subjective loss-rate
methodology to estimate expected credit losses based on the collateral owned by each PC. This involves objectively using historical loss
rates to pools of receivables with similar risk characteristics (i.e. various insurance payors) and then subjectively adjusting for current
and forward-looking economic conditions which would include trends seen within the industry and newly enacted regulation. The Company
also incorporates qualitative factors, such as changes in the nature and volume of the receivables, regulatory changes, and other relevant
factors. 

Net revenues from management and other fees charged
to the related PCs accounted for approximately and of the consolidated net revenues for the three months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Tallahassee Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Inc. Stand
Up MRI of Boca Raton, PA and Stand Up MRI Diagnostic Center, Inc. (all related medical practices) entered into a guaranty agreement,
pursuant to which they cross guaranteed all management fees which are payable to the Company, which have arisen under each individual
management agreement. Additional Company managed entities also operate under a guaranty agreement, pursuant to which management fees are
payable to the Company. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Present value discount 

Total lease liability 

Work-in-process 

Total Inventories 

Patents and copyrights 

Non-compete 

Customer relationships 

Gross Other intangible assets 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Other Intangible Assets 

Amortization of patents and copyrights for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and , respectively. 

Amortization of customer relationships for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and , respectively. 

Sales tax payable 

Federal and state income taxes payable 

Legal and other professional fees 

Accounting fees 

Self-funded health insurance reserve 

Accrued interest and penalty 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Other Current Liabilities 

Inter-segment net revenues 

(Loss) Income from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023 

Net revenues from external customers 

Inter-segment net revenues 

(Loss) Income from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

and for interest, respectively. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and
September 30, 2023, the Company paid and for income taxes, respectively. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and
September 30, 2023, the Company obtained Right-of-use and equipment assets in exchange for lease obligations of and respectively. 

million to be repurchased under the plan which will be purchased on the publicly traded
open market at prevailing prices. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company repurchased and shares
at a cost of and , respectively. 

The Company maintains a self-funded health insurance
program with a stop-loss umbrella policy with a third-party insurer to limit the maximum potential liability for individual claims to
 per person and for a maximum potential claim liability based on member enrollment. With respect to this program, the Company considers
historical and projected medical utilization data when estimating its health insurance program liability and related expense. As of September
30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Company had approximately and , respectively, in reserve for its self-funded health insurance
programs. The reserves are included in Other current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company regularly analyzes its reserves for incurred
but not reported claims, and for reported but not paid claims related to its reinsurance and self-funded insurance programs. The Company
believes its reserves are adequate. However, significant judgment is involved in assessing these reserves such as assessing historical
paid claims, average lags between the claims incurred date, reported dates and paid dates, and the frequency and severity of claims.
There may be differences between actual settlement amounts and recorded reserves and any resulting adjustments are included in expense
once a probable amount is known. There were no significant adjustments recorded in the periods covered by this report. 

in 2023 as compared to 1,670 in 2023. The 2024 provision
is comprised of a current income tax component of 383 and a deferred income tax component of 866. Obligations for any liability associated
with the current income tax provision has been reduced, primarily resulting from the benefits and utilization of net operating loss carryforwards. 

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and
a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a corporate
tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing
authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefit recognized and measured pursuant
to the interpretation are referred to as unrecognized benefits. A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carryforward
or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for an unrecognized tax benefit because it represents an enterprise s potential future obligation
to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC Topic 740. The Company
believes there are no uncertain tax positions in prior year tax filings and therefore it has not recorded a liability for unrecognized
tax benefits. 

The Company recorded a deferred tax asset of 
and a deferred tax liability of as of September 30, 2024, primarily relating to allowance for credit losses and tax credits. 

The Company files corporate income tax returns in
the United States (federal) and in various state and local jurisdictions. In most instances, the Company is no longer subject to federal,
state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2020. 

Future ownership changes as determined under Section
382 of the Internal Revenue code could further limit the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards. As of September, 2024, no such
changes in ownership have occurred. 

The Inflation Reduction Act IRA was
enacted on August 16, 2022. The IRA includes provisions imposing a excise tax on share repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022
and introduces a corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on adjusted financial statement income. The CAMT will be effective
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. Currently, the IRA did not have a material impact to the Company s financial statements. 

which is payable based upon a promissory note dated December 1, 2023. The
note bears interest at a rate of and is payable in full at the maturity of the note in December 2028. During the three months ending
September 30, 2024 the Company recorded in investment income on this promissory note. The MRI scanner had zero basis, which resulted
in a gain of , which was recorded during the year ended June 30, 2024. The Company has the option but not the obligation to re-take
possession of the scanner in lieu of payment upon maturity of the note. 

shares of common stock at a cost of which was authorized under the stock repurchase plan adopted in September 2022. 

Page 22 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed financial statements and
notes thereto included in Part I, item 1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements and
notes thereto for the year ended June 30, 2024 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on September 27, 2024. 

Forward Looking Statements 

Certain statements made in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995) regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included
herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based, in part, on
assumptions involving the expansion of business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to future economic,
competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately. Many
of these assumptions involve factors which are beyond our control. Although we believe that our assumptions underlying these forward-looking
statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking
statements included in this Quarterly Report will be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking
statements, the inclusion of such information should not be considered a representation by us or any other person that our objectives
will be achieved. 

For the three month period ended
September 30, 2024, we reported a net income of 4.0 million on revenues of 25.0 million as compared to net income of 5.4 million on
revenues of 25.8 million for the three month period ended September 30, 2023. Operating income decreased from 6.6 million for the three
month period ended September 30, 2023 to 4.6 million for the three month period ended September 30, 2024. 

The revenue decrease, from 25.8
million for the first three months of fiscal 2024 to 25.0 million for the first three months of fiscal 2025, was primarily due to decreases
in patient fee revenue of 1.2 million, from 8.7 million for the first three months of fiscal 2024 to 7.5 million for the first three
months of fiscal 2025. Revenues from product sales and service and repair fees increased from 2.1 million for the first three months
of fiscal 2024 as compared to 2.2 million for the first three months of fiscal 2025. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2024, the aggregate number of scans performed by the sites we manage or own increased to 53,054 scans from 50,744 scans in the three
months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was due to operational efficiencies arising out of improvements in our information technology
systems, including optimizing our use of AIRS SwiftMR software and changes to our employee incentive plan. 

Page 23 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The combination of our revenues
decreasing along with our costs and expenses increasing caused our operating income to decrease to 4.6 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 as compared to 6.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. In terms of percentages, costs and expenses
increased 5.6 to 20.4 million for the first three months of fiscal 2025 as compared to 19.3 million for the first three months of fiscal
2024, while revenues decreased 3.4 to 25.0 million for the first three months of fiscal 2025 as compared to 25.8 million for the first
three months of fiscal 2024. 

FONAR s wholly owned subsidiary,
Health Management Corporation of America HMCA ), has the controlling interest in Health Diagnostics Management, LLC HDM ).
HMCA presently has a direct ownership interest of 70.8 in HDM, and the investors in HDM have a 29.2 ownership interest. The management
of the diagnostic imaging centers business segment is being conducted by HDM, operating under the name Health Management Company
of America . For the sake of simplicity, HMCA, and HDM are referred to as HMCA , unless otherwise indicated. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

There have been no material changes in our Critical
Accounting Estimates from the information provided in the Critical Accounting Estimates section of Item 7 
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Results of Operations 

We operate in two industry segments:
the manufacture and servicing of medical (MRI) equipment, which is conducted by Fonar, and diagnostic facilities management services,
which is conducted through HMCA. 

Manufacturing and Service of MRI Equipment 

Revenues from MRI product sales
decreased to 120,000 for the first three months of fiscal 2025 from 164,000 for the first three months of fiscal 2024. Costs related
to product sales increased from 103,000 for the three month period ended September 30, 2023 to 221,000 for the three month period ended
September 30, 2024. Economic uncertainty and lower reimbursement rates for MRI scans, have depressed the market for our MRI scanner products,
notwithstanding our scanners unique technological capabilities (e.g., multi positional scanning). Due to the low sales volumes
of our MRI product, period to period comparisons are not necessarily indicative of any trends. 

Service revenues increased to 2.0
million for the first three month period ended September, 2024 from 1.9 million for the first three month period ended September 30,
2023. 

Costs relating to providing service
were 1.2 million in the first three months of fiscal 2025 as compared to 861,000 in the first three months of fiscal 2024. The increase
is attributable to spending on our subsidiary dedicated to the maintenance and repair of non-Fonar MRI equipment, and various costs related
to the marketing and distribution of SwiftMR software. Because of our ability to monitor the performance of customers scanners
from our facilities in Melville, New York on a daily basis and to detect and repair any irregularities before more serious and costly
problems develop, we have been able to contain our costs of providing service. 

Page 24 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

There were approximately 159,000
in foreign revenues for the first three months of fiscal 2025 as compared to 138,000 for the first three months of fiscal 2024. We do
not regard this as a material trend, but as part of a normal although sometimes volatile variation resulting from low volumes of foreign
sales. 

We recognize MRI scanner sales
revenues on the percentage of completion basis, which means the revenues are recognized as the scanner is manufactured.
Revenues recognized in a particular quarter do not necessarily reflect new orders or progress payments made by customers in that quarter.
We build the scanner as the customer meets certain benchmarks in site preparation and our installation of the scanner, in order to minimize
the time lag between incurring costs of manufacturing and our receipt of the cash progress payments from the customer which are due upon
delivery. Consequently, there can be a disparity between the revenues recognized in a fiscal period and the number of product sales. Generally,
the revenues from a scanner sale are recognized in a fiscal quarter or quarters following the quarter in which the sale was made. 

Revenues for the medical equipment
segment increased to 2.2 million for the first three months of fiscal 2025 from 2.1 million for the first three months of fiscal 2024.
Operating losses for our medical equipment segment increased to an operating loss of 1.0 million, for the first three months of fiscal
2025 as compared to an operating loss of 738,000 for the first three months of fiscal 2024. 

Diagnostic Facilities Management Services 

HMCA revenues decreased in the
first three months of fiscal 2025 by 4.1 to 22.8 million from 23.8 million for the first three months of fiscal 2024. The percentage
of our revenues derived from our diagnostic facilities management segment relative to the percentage of our total revenues decreased slightly
to 91.4 for the first three months of fiscal 2025, from 92.0 for the first three months of fiscal 2024. 

The number of scans performed at
our centers and at our clients centers increased to approximately 53,100 in the first three months of fiscal 2025 from approximately
50,700 in the first three months of fiscal 2024. The increase in scans was mainly due to operational efficiencies gained from the reduction
of MRI scan times. 

We completed the installation of
a new scanner in the Naples, Florida location at the end of the first quarter. We now manage or own a total of 43 MRI scanners. Twenty-five
(25) MRI scanners are located in New York and eighteen (18) are located in Florida. HMCA experienced an operating income of 5.7 million
for the first three months of fiscal 2025 compared to operating income of 7.3 million for the first three months of fiscal 2024. The
decrease in operating revenue is a combination of increased expenses and reduced patient fee revenue at the HMCA-owned Florida sites.
Expenses increased in the form of staffing costs, equipment repair costs, and helium replacement costs. Although scan volume was up in
the aggregate, a decrease in patient fee revenue at the HMCA-owned Florida sites also contributed to the reduction on operating income. 

The ability of HMCA to maintain
its profitability is principally due to HMCA s success in marketing the scanning services of the facilities managed or owned by
HMCA, notwithstanding the decrease in reimbursement rates paid for MRI scans by insurers, Medicare and other government programs. The
reductions in reimbursement rates are not unique to HMCA or HMCA s clients but are being experienced by the industry in general. 

Page 25 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

HMCA s cost of revenues for
the first three months of fiscal 2025 increased to 13.5 million as compared to 12.9 million for the first three months of fiscal 2024.
This increase is the result of increased expenses from scanning volume at our HMCA-managed sites, where revenues are fixed pursuant to
the management agreements. 

Consolidated 

For the first three months of fiscal
2025, our consolidated net revenues decreased by 3.4 to 25.0 million from 25.8 million for the first three months of fiscal 2024, and
total costs and expenses increased by 5.6 to 20.4 million from the first three months of fiscal 2025 as compared to 19.3 million for
the first three months of fiscal 2024 respectively. As a result, our operating income decreased to 4.6 million in the first three months
of fiscal 2025 as compared to 6.6 million in the first three months of fiscal 2024. A decrease in selling, general and other administrative
costs in particular resulted in cost and expenses increase at a much lower percentage as compared to the increase in net revenues. 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses increased to 5.1 million in the first three months of fiscal 2025 from 4.9 million in the first three months of fiscal 2024.
This increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was due mainly to a new outside billing contract. 

Research and development expenses
decreased by 34.3 to 307,000 for the first three months of fiscal 2025 from 467,000 for the first three months of fiscal 2024. 

Interest expense in the first three
months of fiscal 2025 decreased by 83.3 to 8,000 from 48,000 in the first three months of fiscal 2024. 

The results of operations for the
first three months of fiscal 2025 reflect an decrease in revenues from management, patient and other fees, as compared to the first three
months of fiscal 2024 22.8 million for the first three months of fiscal 2025 as compared to 23.8 million for the first three months
of fiscal 2024), coupled with an increase in the total cost and expenses 20.4 million for the first three months of fiscal 2025 as compared
to 19.3 million for the first three months of fiscal 2024). Revenues were 8.6 from the MRI equipment segment and 91.4 from HMCA, for
the first three months of fiscal 2025, as compared to 8.0 from the MRI equipment segment and 92.0 from HMCA for the first three months
of fiscal 2024. 

We are committed to improving our
operating results and dealing with the challenges posed by legislative and regulatory requirements. Nevertheless, factors beyond our control,
such as the timing and rate of market growth, economic conditions, the availability of credit and payor reimbursement rates, or unexpected
expenditures and the timing of such expenditures, make it difficult to forecast future operating results. 

Medicare reimbursement rates for
MRI scans continue to see year over year reductions. This also results in a reduction in the reimbursement rates by commercial insurers
and government programs which tie their reimbursement rates to the Medicare rates. The patient volume of the scanning centers we manage
or own has enabled us to maintain healthy operating results in spite of these reductions. 

Our Upright MRI (also referred
to as the Stand-Up MRI), together with our works-in-progress, are intended to significantly improve our competitive position. 

Page 26 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The Upright MRI scanner, which
operates at 6000 gauss (.6 Tesla) field strength, allows patients to be scanned while standing, sitting, reclining and in multiple flexion
and extension positions. It is common in visualizing the spine that abnormalities are visualized in some positions and not others. This
enables surgical corrections that heretofore would not have been addressable for lack of visualizing the symptom causing the pathology
and therefore, in general enables the treating physician to achieve a better outcome for his patient. A floor-recessed elevator brings
the patient to the height appropriate for the targeted image region. A custom-built multi-position adjustable bed will allow patients
to sit or lie on their backs, sides or stomachs at any angle. This allows the MRI technologist to ask the patient to position himself/herself
in the exact position that generates pain so that images of the patient in the position that explicitly generates the patient s
pain can be nailed down. Full-range-of-motion studies of the joints in virtually any direction are possible, a particularly promising
feature for sports injuries. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash and cash equivalents, and
short term investments decreased from 56.4 million at June 30, 2024 to 54.3 million at September 30, 2024. 

Cash provided by operating activities
for the first three months of fiscal 2025 was 1.6 million. Cash provided by operating activities was attributable principally to net
income of 4.0 million, depreciation and amortization of 1.1 million, amortization on right-to-use assets of 1.0 million, and deferred
income tax of 866,000, offset by an increase in accounts, management fee receivables and medical receivables of 278,000, a decrease
of operating lease liabilities of 796,000 and a decrease in other current liabilities of 2.6 million. 

Cash used in investing activities for the first three
months of fiscal 2025 was 1.8 million. Cash used in investing activities during the first three months of fiscal 2025 consisted of patent
costs of 13,000 and the purchase of property and equipment of 1.8 million. 

Cash used in financing activities
for the first three months of fiscal 2025 was 2.0 million. The principal uses of cash in financing activities during the first three
months of fiscal 2025 were the repayment of principal on long-term debt and capital lease obligations of 26,000, the purchase of treasury
stock of 415,000 and distributions to non-controlling interests of 1.5 million. 

Total liabilities decreased by
7.0 to 53.5 million at September 30, 2024 from 57.5 million at June 30, 2024. Other current liabilities decreased by
32.7 to 5.3 million at September 30, 2024 from 7.9 million at June 30, 2024. The current portion of our service contract liabilities
decreased by 0.8 to 3.8 million at September 30, 2024 as compared to 3.9 million at June 30, 2024. The long term portion of operating
lease liability decreased from 37.5 million at June 30, 2024 to 37.0 million at September 30, 2024. 

As of September 30, 2024, the total
of 5.3 million in other current liabilities included accrued salaries and payroll taxes of 2.7 million, sales taxes payable
of 201,000 and other general and administrative expenses of 1.7 million. 

Our working capital increased to
 124.7 million at September 30, 2024 from 122.5 million at June 30, 2024. This resulted from a decrease in current assets 140.3 million
at June 30, 2024 as compared to 139.1 million at September 30, 2024), and a decrease in current liabilities from 17.9 million at June
30, 2024 to 14.4 million at September 30, 2024. 

Page 27 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The ultimate realization of deferred
tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible
or when such net operating losses can be utilized. The Company considers projected future taxable income, the regulatory environment of
the industry, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. At the present, the Company believes that it is more likely than
not that the benefits from certain deferred tax asset carryforwards, will not all be fully realized. In recognition of this inherent risk,
a valuation allowance was established for separate state net operating losses that are not expected to be fully utilized. A valuation
allowance will be maintained until sufficient positive evidence exists to support the reversal of any portion or all of the valuation
allowance. 

The Company s effective income
tax rate is based on expected income, statutory rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which it
operates. For interim financial reporting, the Company estimates the annual income tax rate based on projected taxable income for the
full year and records a quarterly income tax provision or benefit in accordance with the anticipated annual rate. The Company refines
the estimates of the year s taxable income on a periodic basis as new information becomes available, including actual year-to-date
financial results. This continual estimation process often results in a change to the expected effective income tax rate for the year.
When this occurs, the Company adjusts the income tax provision during the quarter in which the change in estimate occurs so that the year-to-date
provision reflects the expected income tax rate. Significant judgment is required in determining the effective tax rate and in evaluating
tax positions. 

Fonar is committed to making the
following significant capital expenditures for the remainder of the 2025 fiscal year. The Company is in the process of placing an additional
scanner in a current location in New York and anticipates it to be completed by the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. The estimated costs
to complete this project have been estimated to be 2.0 million. 

Critical to our business plan are
the improvement and expansion of the MRI facilities managed or owned by HMCA, and increasing the number of scans performed at those facilities.
In addition, our business plan calls for a continuing commitment to providing our customers with enhanced equipment service and maintenance
capabilities and delivering state-of-the-art, innovative and high quality equipment and upgrades at competitive prices. 

Fonar entered into an agreement
with AIRS Medical to install its SwiftMR product on all Fonar Upright scanners operating at the facilities HMCA owns or manages.
Fonar will also make the AIRS SwiftMR product available to the installed base of Fonar scanners operating in the United States.
Management believes this product improves the quality of the images produced by Fonar equipment, and provides operational efficiencies
that result in additional scan volume in the scanners operated by HMCA facilities. 

Management is seeking to promote
wider market recognition of Fonar s scanner products, and to increase demand for Upright scanning at the facilities HMCA owns
or manages. Given the liquidity and credit constraints in the markets, the uncertainty resulting from the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act or its repeal or modification, and the high level of competition in the marketplace, the sale of medical equipment has and may
continue to suffer. 

Page 28 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The Company believes that its business
plan has been responsible for its profitability in the past ten consecutive fiscal years and first three months of fiscal 2025, and that
its capital resources will be adequate to support operations through at least November 10, 2025. The future effects on our business of
healthcare legislation, the 2.3 excise tax on sales of medical equipment, reimbursement rates, public health conditions and the general
economic and business climate are not known at the present time. Nevertheless, there is a possibility of adverse consequences to our business
operations from these causes. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk 

The Company maintains its funds
in liquid accounts. None of our investments are in fixed rate instruments. 

All of our revenue, expense and
capital purchasing activities are transacted in United States dollars. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We carried out an evaluation as
of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon our evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024,
in ensuring that material information that we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the same time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our system
of internal control over financial reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings: There were no material
 changes in litigation from that reported in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Page 29 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Item 1A Risk Factors: An investment in the
securities of the Company is subject to various risks, the most significant of which are summarized below. 

1. Reduced Reimbursement Rates. Most of our revenues
are derived from our scanning center business conducted by HMCA. Our scanning center clients and the Florida facilities owned by HMCA
are experiencing lower reimbursement rates from Medicare, other government programs and private insurance companies. To the extent possible,
we counter these reductions by increasing scanning volume and controlling operating expenses. Inflation in the cost of both materials
and labor have limited our ability to control our costs, negatively impacting our ability to maintain profitability in this business segment. 

2. Inflation. Inflation has drastically increased
our costs for both materials and labor. Diagnostic imaging facilities require significant amounts of capital to operate, particularly
in the context of opening new diagnostic imaging centers. These increased costs make it more difficult to achieve organic growth and extend
the time that a new center takes to achieve profitability. Continued costs increases, coupled with reduced reimbursement rates may threaten
the profitability of our current operations and cause the cost of expansion to become prohibitively high. 

3. Cybersecurity threats. The healthcare industry
has increasingly become a target for threat actors. Our organization relies on information technology systems and computer networks to
operate. Our partners, vendors, and business associates are equally reliant on their own computer systems to provide the services that
we depend on to perform core functions. Data incidents in the form of breaches, ransomware attacks, denial-of-service attacks, and a variety
of other hazards could materially disrupt our operations, or the operations of our partners. In addition, the costs to respond to such
incidents related to rebuilding internal systems, restoring data, responding to regulatory investigations and/or litigation could be significant.
Our cybersecurity liability insurance may be inadequate to cover these losses. The cost of maintaining and improving our security technologies
to protect ourselves from these threats is increasing. Risks outside of our control, such as cybersecurity attacks to our partners, vendors
and business associates could threaten our ability to operate in the short term and reduce operating margins. 

4. Dependence on Referrals. HMCA derives substantially
all of its revenue, directly or indirectly, from fees charged for the diagnostic imaging services performed at the facilities. We depend
on referrals of patients from unaffiliated physicians and other third parties to the facilities we manage or own for the services we perform.
If these physicians and other third parties were to reduce the number of patients they refer or discontinue referring patients, scan volumes
could decrease, which would reduce our net revenue and operating margins. 

5. Pressure to Control Healthcare Costs. One of the
principal objectives of health maintenance organizations and preferred provider organizations is to control the cost of healthcare services.
Healthcare providers participating in managed care plans may be required to refer diagnostic imaging tests to certain providers depending
on the plan in which a covered patient is enrolled. In addition, managed care contracting has become very competitive. The expansion of
health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations and other managed care organizations in New York or Florida could have
a negative impact on the utilization and pricing of services performed at the facilities HMCA manages or owns to the extent these organizations
exert control over patients access to diagnostic imaging services, selections of the provider of such services and reimbursement
rates for those services. 

Page 30 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

6. Scanning Facility Competition. The market for diagnostic
imaging services is highly competitive. The facilities we manage or own compete for patients on the basis of reputation, location and
the quality of diagnostic imaging services. Groups of radiologists, established hospitals, clinics and other independent organizations
that own and operate imaging equipment are the principal competitors. 

7. Eligibility Changes to Insurance Programs. Due
to potential decreased availability of healthcare through private employers, the number of patients who are uninsured or participate in
governmental programs may increase. Healthcare reform legislation will continue to increase the participation of individuals in the Medicaid
program in states that elect to participate in the expanded Medicaid coverage. A shift in payor mix from managed care and other private
payors to government payors or an increase in the number of uninsured patients may result in a reduction in the rates of reimbursement
or an increase in uncollectible receivables or uncompensated care, with a corresponding decrease in net revenue. Policies now being offered
under various insurance plans are expected to reduce demand for MRI scans as they become less affordable. Changes in the eligibility requirements
for governmental programs such as the Medicaid program and state decisions on whether to participate in the expansion of such programs
also could increase the number of patients who participate in such programs and the number of uninsured patients. Even for those patients
who remain in private insurance plans, changes to those plans could increase patient financial responsibility, resulting in a greater
risk of uncollectible receivables. These factors and events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

8. Federal and state privacy and information security
laws. We must comply with numerous federal and state laws and regulations governing the collection, dissemination, access, use, security
and privacy of PHI, including HIPAA and its implementing privacy and security regulations, as amended by the federal HITECH Act. If we
fail to comply with applicable privacy and security laws, regulations and standards, properly maintain the integrity of our data, or protect
our proprietary rights to our systems, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially
and adversely affected. 

9. Current and future changes in Florida Insurance
Law. On March 24, 2023, Florida enacted House Bill 837. Dubbed the Tort Reform Act, the bill made sweeping changes to Florida s
negligence laws that negatively impact our Florida diagnostic imaging facilities (both those we own and those we manage) with more unpaid
bills, higher administrative costs, and lower reimbursement rates. The full extent of those reductions are unclear at this time. Florida
legislators continue to propose significant changes to the current structure of Florida s insurance industry, which may impact our
future operations in Florida. 

10. Demand for MRI Scanners. The reduced reimbursement
rates have a negative effect on our sales of MRI scanners. With lower revenue projections, prospective customers would demand lower prices
for scanners. Although the reduced reimbursements may not affect foreign demand, a lower number of sales in the aggregate could reduce
economies of scale and consequently, profit margins. 

11. Manufacturing Competition. Many if not most of
our competing scanner manufacturers have significantly greater financial resources, production capacity, and other resources than we do.
Such competitors would include General Electric, Siemens, Hitachi and Phillips. Although Fonar is the only company which can manufacture
and sell the unique Stand-Up (Upright MRI scanner, potential customers must be convinced that the purchase of a Fonar scanner
is their best choice. We believe that with time, that objective will be reached, particularly with customers scanning patients having
neck, back, knee and various orthopedic issues who would benefit from being scanned in weight-bearing positions. 

Page 31 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

12. Other changes in Domestic and Worldwide Economic
Conditions. We are subject to risk arising from adverse changes in general domestic and global economic and other conditions, including
recessions or economic slowdowns, disruptions of credit markets and military conflicts. Turbulence and uncertainty in the United States
and international markets and economies may adversely affect our workforce, liquidity, financial condition, revenues, profitability and
business operations generally. 

Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds: None 

In
September 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to 9 million of our common stock. Under this program, we
may purchase stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws, including
pursuant to pre-arranged stock trading plans. The timing and actual amount of the stock repurchases will depend on several factors including
price, capital availability, regulatory requirements, and other market conditions. We are not obligated to repurchase a specific number
of shares under this program and it may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. 

The following table summarizes
the number of shares repurchased during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 

Fiscal Month 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs 
 Maximum Dollar Value that May Still Be Purchased Under the Program (In Thousands) 
 
 July 1, 2024 - July 30, 2024 
 5,717 
 17.23 
 5,717 
 4,635 
 
 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 
 7,944 
 17.40 
 7,944 
 4,497 
 
 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 
 10,755 
 16.63 
 10,755 
 4,318 
 
 Total 
 24,416 
 17.02 
 24,416 

Item 3 - Defaults Upon Senior Securities: None 

Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosure: Not Applicable 

Item 5 - Other Information: 

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan 

During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024,
none of our directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of
Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement . 

Page 32 

FONAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Item 6 - Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K: 

a) 
 Exhibit 31.1 Certification. See Exhibits 
 
 b) 
 Exhibit 32.1 Certification. See Exhibits 
 
 c) 
 Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2024, Item 2.02: Results of Operations and Financial Condition for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

FONAR CORPORATION 

(Registrant) 

By: /s/ Timothy Damadian 

Timothy Damadian 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, 

Principal Executive Officer and Treasurer 

/s/ Luciano Bonanni 

Luciano Bonanni 

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, 

Acting Principal Financial Officer 

Dated: November 12, 2024 

Page 33 

<EX-31>
 2
 fonar_exhibit-31.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

Timothy
Damadian and Luciano Bonanni each certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Fonar Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant
 and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls over procedures to be designed under my supervision to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report; and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

November
 12, 2024 

/s/
 Timothy Damadian 

________________________________ 

Timothy
 Damadian 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 Luciano Bonanni 

________________________________ 

Luciano
 Bonanni, 
 
 Acting
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 fonar_exhibit-32.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of FONAR Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy
Damadian, Principal Executive Officer, and I, Luciano Bonanni, Acting Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

/s/Timothy
 Damadian 

________________________________ 

Timothy
 Damadian 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 Luciano Bonanni 

________________________________ 

Luciano
 Bonanni 
 Acting
 Principal Financial Officer 
 
 November
12, 2024 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Fonar Corporation and will be retained by Fonar
Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 fonr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 fonr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 fonr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 fonr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

