<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_930245_0001472375-24-000103.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2120804</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>85842</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>582168</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>419049</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>435018</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>547286</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001472375-24-000103.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114161544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001472375-24-000103
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBAL ACQUISITIONS Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000930245
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				880203976
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24970
		FILM NUMBER:		241462537

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6730 SOUTH LAS VEGAS BLVD.
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-400-4005

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6730 SOUTH LAS VEGAS BLVD.
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALL AMERICAN SPORTPARK INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SAINT ANDREWS GOLF CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940916

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001472375-24-000103.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ixform10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Filed by Avantafile.com - Global Acquisitions Corporation - Form 10-Q 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal quarter ended 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
_____________ TO _____________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
 its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a
smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 Accelerated filer 
 [ ] 

[X] 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. [X] No [ ] 

State the number of shares of the issuer s
common stock outstanding, as of the latest practicable date: shares
of common stock are issued and outstanding as of November 13, 2024. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION. 
 1 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION. 
 2 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements. 
 2 

Condensed Balance Sheets. 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Operations. 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 4 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows. 
 5 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 
 6 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 12 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 18 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 18 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION. 
 19 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 19 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 19 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 27 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 28 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 28 

Item 5. 
 Other Information. 
 28 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits. 
 29 

Cautionary Statement Regarding
Forward-Looking Information 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report contains forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by the following words: anticipate, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intend, may, 
 ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, 
 should, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology,
although not all forward-looking statements contain these words.
Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or
results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or
by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking
statements are based on information available at the time the statements are
made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that
may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be
materially different from the information expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements in this Report. These factors include: 

our lack
of a significant operating history; 

the
ability of the Company to raise funding to support its operational plans, the
terms of such financing and potential dilution caused thereby; 

the
ability of the Company to compete the steps necessary to undertake its current
operational plan, the costs associated therewith, timing relating thereto, and
the ability of the Company to generate revenues associated therewith; 

the
concentration of ownership of the Company s securities; 

the
market for the Company s planned services, including the market for pickleball
and padel; 

competition
in the Company s industry; 

current
negative operating cash flows and a need for additional funding to finance our
operating plans; 

the
terms of any further financing, which may be highly dilutive and may include
onerous terms; 

increases
in interest rates which may make borrowing more expensive and increased
inflation which may negatively affect costs, expenses and returns; 

geopolitical
events and regulatory changes; and the effect of changing interest rates and
inflation, economic downturns and recessions, declines in economic activity or
global conflicts 

the loss
of key personnel or failure to attract, integrate and retain additional
personnel; 

corporate
governance risks; 

the
level of competition in our industry and our ability to compete; 

our
ability to respond to changes in our industry; 

our
ability to protect our intellectual property and not infringe on others 
intellectual property; 

our
ability to scale our business; 

changes
in laws and regulations; 

the
market for our common stock; 

our
ability to effectively manage our growth; 

dilution
to existing stockholders; 

costs
and expenses associated with being a public company; 

risks of
economic slowdowns and rescissions; 

changes
in inflation and interest rates, supply constraints, and possible recessions
caused thereby; 

economic
downturns both in the United States and globally; 

risk of
increased regulation of our operations; and 

other
risk factors included under Risk Factors below. 

You should read the matters described in
 Risk Factors and the other cautionary statements made in this Report, as
being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear
in this Report. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in
this Report will prove to be accurate and therefore prospective investors are encouraged
not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Other than as
required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these
forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. 

1 

Part I Financial Information 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

GLOBAL
ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

December 31, 2023 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Commitment and Contingencies 
 
 - 

- 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 - 

- 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 

) 

Total stockholders deficit 
 
 ) 

) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

GLOBAL
ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ending September 30, 

For the Nine Months Ending September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

) 

Total Expense 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

Net Loss before provision for income tax 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

) 

Net Loss 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

) 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and fully diluted 

Net loss per share- basic and fully diluted 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

GLOBAL ACQUISITIONS
CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (Unaudited) 

For The Three Months Ended September 30, 2024
and 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

) 
 ) 

Shares issued
pursuant to settlement of due to related parties 

- 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 ) 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

) 
 ) 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid in 
 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

) 
 ) 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 ) 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

) 
 ) 

For The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

) 
 ) 

Shares issued pursuant to settlement
of due to related parties 

- 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 ) 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

) 
 ) 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid in 
 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

) 
 ) 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 ) 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

) 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

GLOBAL
ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 

 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 
 
 ) 

) 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Stock-based compensation expense 

- 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 ) 

) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 ) 

Due from related party 
 
 ) 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 ) 

) 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

- 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 
 
 - 

- 

Cash, beginning of year 
 
 - 

- 

Cash, end of period 
 
 - 

- 

Supplemental Disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for taxes 
 
 - 

- 

Cash paid for interest 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash and financing activities 

Shares issued pursuant to settlement of payables 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

5 

GLOBAL
ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (Unaudited) 

shares of the Company s common stock, in exchange for the cancellation of promissory notes held by the Boretas and accrued interest of . 

In connection with
the closing of the Transfer Agreement, AAGC assumed the obligation of the
Company to pay Ronald Boreta for deferred salary of . In addition, AAGC
cancelled in advances previously made by it to the Company to fund
its operations. 

Also in connection
with the closing of the Transfer Agreement, entities controlled by the Boretas
cancelled owed to them by the Company. In addition, the Company
cancelled of amounts due from entities controlled by the Boretas. 

Also, as a result
of the Transfer Agreement, on October 18, 2016, the Company derecognized the
assets and liabilities of AAGC. 

The sale and transfer of the Company s 
interest in AAGC to the controlling shareholders of the Company is a common
control transaction and recorded at book value. Any difference between the
proceeds received by the Company and the book value of assets and liabilities
of AAGC, cancellation of promissory notes and accrued interest, assumption of
deferred salary, cancellation of amounts due to and due from entities
controlled by the Boretas is recognized as a capital transaction with no gain
or loss recorded. 

b. BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The
unaudited condensed interim financial statements included herein, presented in
accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)
and stated in US dollars, have been prepared by the Company, without audit,
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Certain information and
footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or
omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, although the Company believes
that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not
misleading. 

These
statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments,
which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for fair presentation of the
information contained therein. It is
suggested that these unaudited condensed interim financial statements be read
in conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2023 and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form
10-K. The Company follows the same
accounting policies in the preparation of interim reports. 

Results
of operations for interim periods may not be indicative of annual results. 

c.
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 

At this
time, the Company s purpose is to seek, investigate and, if such investigation
warrants, acquire an interest in business opportunities presented to the Company
by persons or firms who or which desire to seek the perceived advantages of a
corporation whose securities are registered pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company will not restrict our search to
any specific business or geographical location. 

outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock. 

Loss per
share is computed by dividing reported net loss by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period. The weighted-average number of
common shares used in the calculation of basic loss per share was and
 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The weighted-average number of common shares used in the calculation of basic
loss per share was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. 

and a stockholders 
deficit of . 

We had a working capital deficit
of 66,848 as of September 30, 2024. We may require additional funding in the future. We
plan to raise additional required funding when required through the sale of
debt or equity, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and
may, if sold, cause significant dilution to existing stockholders. If we are
unable to access additional capital moving forward, it may hurt our ability to
grow and to generate revenues. 

The
unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or
the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should the
Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

and , respectively. 

Effective
on July 3, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock in
exchange for the release of obligations of the Company to repay expenses in the
aggregate amount of (the Payables for expenses of the Company
previously paid by AAGC. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share authorized, with
 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023. The Company s Board of Directors
shall determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the
preferred stock, including dividends rights, conversion rights, voting rights,
terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number
of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series. 

COMMON
STOCK 

Effective
February 15, 2021, the number of authorized shares of common stock, par
value, was increased to shares. 

Effective
on July 3, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock in
exchange for the release of obligations of the Company to repay expenses in the
aggregate amount of for expenses of the Company previously paid by the related
parties. The shares were
issued at an implied price
of 0.397 per share. 

There
were and shares of common stock issued and outstanding as
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

WARRANTS 

The
following is a summary of warrants for the nine months ended September 30,
2024: 

Exercised 
 - 

- 

Forfeited 
 - 

- 

Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2023 
 - 

- 

Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 

The
weighted-average remaining term of the warrants outstanding was years as
of September 30, 2024. 

On
July 3, 2024, the Company issued warrants (the Warrants to purchase Common
Stock at an exercise price of per share, (i) to James Askew Askew ),
an individual, for an aggregate of shares of Common Stock, and (ii)
at an exercise price of per share to Investments AKA, LLC, a limited
liability company indirectly controlled by Andre K. Agassi, for an aggregate of
 shares of Common Stock. The
Warrants are vested immediately. The Warrants are
exercisable as to one half of the shares of Common Stock immediately, and
exercisable as to the remaining half of the shares of Common Stock one year following
the grant date of the Warrant. The Warrants were issued to the Warrant
Holders in consideration of services and support previously performed and
provided, and expected to be performed or provided, by the Warrant Holders in
furtherance of the Company s business objectives. The Company entered into a
Consulting Agreement, dated July 3, 2024, with Askew with respect to his
services and the issuance of his Warrants. 

The
fair value of the warrants was , which was valued using the
Black-Scholes pricing model using the range of inputs as indicated below: 

Expected
 term (in years) 

Expected
 volatility 

Expected
 dividend yield 

The Company recognized
 619,867 in stock-based compensation expense pertaining to these warrants
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, based on the
vesting conditions noted above. 

10 

, and pursuant to which we raised aggregate gross
proceeds of (the Offering ). Under the Subscription
Agreements, the maximum amount of the Offering was 2,500,000, which amount was
fully subscribed. In connection with the Offering, we sold to 23 Investors, an
aggregate of shares of our restricted common stock, par value 0.001
per share (the Shares for per Share. 

11 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations 

Introduction 

You should read the matters described in
 Risk Factors , below, and
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , above,
and the other cautionary statements made in this Report, and incorporated by
reference herein, as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements
wherever they appear in this Report. We cannot assure you that the
forward-looking statements in this Report will prove to be accurate and
therefore prospective investors are encouraged not to place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements. Other than as required by law, we undertake no
obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even though
our situation may change in the future. 

This information should be read in conjunction
with the interim unaudited financial statements and the notes thereto included
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the audited financial statements and
notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on March 29, 2024 (the Annual Report ). 

Certain capitalized terms used below and
otherwise defined below, have the meanings given to such terms in the footnotes
to our consolidated financial statements included above under Part I -
Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements . 

In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we may
rely on and refer to information regarding the industries in which we operate
in general from market research reports, analyst reports and other publicly
available information. Although we believe that this information is reliable,
we cannot guarantee the accuracy and completeness of this information, we have
not independently verified any of it, and we have not commissioned any such
information. 

Unless the context requires otherwise,
references to the Company, we, us, our, and
 Global Acquisitions Corporation refer specifically to Global
Acquisitions Corporation. 

In addition, unless the context otherwise
requires and for the purposes of this Report only: 

Exchange Act refers to the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

SEC or the Commission 
 refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; and 

Securities Act refers to the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Where You Can Find Other Information 

We file annual, quarterly, and current
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains
an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and
other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC like
us at http://www.sec.gov (our filings can be found at https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany CIK=0000930245 ). 

Summary of The Information Contained in
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is provided in
addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to
assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition,
and cash flows. MD A is organized as follows: 

Overview . Summary of our operations. 

Plan of Operations . A description of our plan of operations for
 the next 12 months including required funding. 

Results of Operations . An analysis of our financial results
 comparing the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources . An analysis of changes in our
 consolidated balance sheets and cash flows and discussion of our financial
 condition. 

Critical Accounting Policies and
 Estimates . Accounting
 estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and
 judgments incorporated in our reported financial results and forecasts. 

12 

Overview 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive offices are located at 120 N. Town Center Dr
#160, Las Vegas, Nevada 89144, and our telephone number is (702) 317-7302. 

On October 18, 2016, the
Company completed the closing of the Transfer Agreement for the sale and
transfer of the Company s 51 interest in All American Golf Center, Inc. AAGC ), which constituted substantially all of the Company s assets. As a
result of the closing of the Transfer Agreement, the Company became a shell
company , with nominal operations and nominal assets. Beginning in October 2016,
the Company s purpose was to seek, investigate and, if such investigation
warrants, acquire an interest in business opportunities presented to us by
persons or firms who or which desire to seek the perceived advantages of a
corporation whose securities are registered pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

In November 2024, the
Company s management determined to cease seeking out business opportunities,
mergers or acquisitions, and instead to launch an operating strategy to become
a leader in the global sports entertainment and media industry. The Company s
efforts are initially focused on court sports, beginning with planned growth
opportunities associated with branding and growing the pickleball and padel
industries, both of which are currently experiencing significant growth. The
Company expects its publicly- traded structure to provide a way for the
investing public to participate in these exciting and rapidly growing markets. 

We currently plan to create
and manage unique content, building sports communities around entertainment,
media, wellness, education, commerce, and charitable efforts. 

By identifying opportunities
for co-branding, partnering, and acquisitions, we plan to develop trusted
brands in sports entertainment and bring them together under the Company s
brand. 

Our planned business model is
designed around proprietary and curated content supported by planned
sponsorships, brand relationships, live event hosting, e-commerce and
merchandising, and licensing and media rights. 

We currently plan to undertake
the following, funding permitting: 

Acquire, build and/or create
physical facilities, leagues, tournaments, events, social communities, and
merchandisers. 

Develop strategic
relationships with Best of Class operators and developers in key segments
within the pickleball and padel communities through co-branding and acquisition
opportunities. 

Develop our ACE Program of
certifying facilities, social media communities, content creators, coaches,
third-party leagues, and events under a planned marketing brand. 

13 

Create and distribute
proprietary and curated content through various media channels. 

IP development and
collaboration. 

Charitable initiatives
through our planned Pickleball for All program. 

We also plan to offer
co-branding opportunities to best of class facilities and partners to cross
collaborate and promote aligned growth: 

We also plan to launch a
 Pickleball for All charitable initiative to introduce, grow, and develop
pickleball in underserved and disadvantaged communities across the United
States. We expect to work with best of class brands to provide access to our
 Fun for Free courts and equipment in public parks, schools, and other
locations that will serve as home courts to communities across the country for
social wellness, practice, learning, and pickleball fun for all. We plan to
work with select merchandisers and retailers to create quality equipment and
offer merchandise at price points which will appeal to beginners and families,
with a portion of the revenue to be reinvested into the Pickleball for All
program. 

Industry 

According to a 2022 Pickleball
Participation Report by the Sports and Fitness Industry Association, pickleball
is among the fastest growing sports in the US and globally for 3 consecutive
years at a rapid growth rate of 223.5 in the United States. There are an
estimated over 36.5 million pickleball players in the US and the pickleball
equipment market was estimated to be worth 65 billion in 2022 with an expected
compounded rate of return of 9 , and expectations to grow to over 155 billion
by 2033. 

Recent Material Transactions 

On July 3, 2024, the Company
entered into a share purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement and
each, an Purchase Agreement with All American Golf Center, Inc. (the
 Creditor ), pursuant to which the Creditor agreed to exchange shares of
the Company s common stock in consideration for the Creditor s release of
obligations of the Company to repay expenses in the aggregate amount of
 593,670 (the Payables for expenses of the Company previously paid by
the Creditor. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the 1,495,390 shares of
common stock to be issued by the Company to the Creditor upon consummation of
the exchange was determined based upon an implied price per share of common
stock, equal to 0.397. The Creditor is an existing significant
stockholder of the Company that is owned and controlled by Ronald S. Boreta, President, Chief Executive Officer,
Secretary, Treasurer and a director of the Company, and John Boreta, a director of
the Company. 

14 

Also on July 3, 2024, the Company
issued warrants (the Warrants to purchase 2,975,000 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of 0.397 per share, (i) to James Askew Askew ),
an individual, who was subsequently appointed as a member of the Board of
Directors of the Company (Warrants to
purchase 2,269,583 shares of common stock), and (ii) to Investments AKA, LLC
(together with Askew, the Warrant Holders ), a limited liability
company indirectly controlled by Andre K. Agassi (Warrants to purchase 705,417
shares of common stock). The Warrants are vested immediately. The Warrants are
exercisable as to one half of the shares of Common Stock immediately, and
exercisable as to the remaining half of the shares of Common Stock one year
following the grant date of the Warrant. . The Warrants were issued to the Warrant Holders in
consideration of services and support previously performed and provided, and
expected to be performed or provided, by the Warrant Holders in furtherance of
the Company s business objectives. 

The Company also entered into a
Consulting Agreement, dated July 3, 2024, with Askew with respect to his
services and the issuance of his Warrants. 

Recent Funding Transactions 

Between November 4, 2024 and
November 7, 2024, the Company entered into a series of subscription agreements
(the Subscription Agreements ), in connection with a private placement
offering to accredited investors (the Investors ), which offering
closed on November 7, 2024, and pursuant to which we raised aggregate gross
proceeds of 2,500,000 (the Offering ). Under the Subscription
Agreements, the maximum amount of the Offering was 2,500,000, which amount was
fully subscribed. In connection with the Offering, we sold to 23 Investors, an
aggregate of 2,631,543 shares of our restricted common stock, par value 0.001
per share (the Shares for 0.95 per Share. 

The Company currently plans to
use the net proceeds from the Offering to advance business operations in
the global racquet sports entertainment business, with an initial focus on
consolidating, building and growing pickleball and Padel related opportunities, and for working capital and
general corporate purposes. 

Plan of Operations 

We had a working capital deficit of
 66,848 as of September 30, 2024; however, as discussed below, we raised 2.5 million
in a private offering in November 2024. We may however require additional
funding in the future. We plan to raise additional required funding when
required through the sale of debt or equity, which may not be available on
favorable terms, if at all, and may, if sold, cause significant dilution to existing
stockholders. If we are unable to access additional capital moving forward, it
may hurt our ability to grow and to generate revenues. 

Results of Operations 

Results of Operations for the Three
Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September
30, 2023. 

We generated no revenues for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

For the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, general and administrative expenses,
consisting of stock based compensation, audit fees and
miscellaneous administrative costs that totaled 637,013
and 10,776, respectively, an increase of 626,237
from the prior period, which increase was mainly the result of an increase in
stock based compensation in connection with warrants issued to James Askew and
AKA, LLC. 

We
had a net loss of 637,013
and 10,776, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023,
respectively, which net loss increased for the reason described above. 

15 

Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared
to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023. 

We generated no revenues for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, general and administrative expenses,
consisting of stock based compensation, audit fees and miscellaneous
administrative costs that totaled 670,135
and 47,214, respectively, an increase of 622,921
from the prior period, which increase was mainly the result of an increase in
stock based compensation in connection with warrants issued to James Askew and
AKA, LLC. 

We had a net
loss of 670,135
and 47,214, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023,
respectively, which net loss increased for the reason described above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The following table summarizes
our current assets, liabilities, and working capital at September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023. 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 Increase / (Decrease) 

Current Assets 
 75 
 38 
 37 
 97.4 

Current Liabilities 
 66,923 
 610,287 
 543,364) 
 89.0 

Working Capital Deficit 
 66,848 
 610,249 

The decrease of 543,401 in
working capital deficit was mainly due to a decrease in amounts due to related
parties to 44,709 as of September
30, 2024, compared to 587,607 as of December 31, 2023,
as a result of the terms of the Purchase Agreement, discussed above. 

Cash Flows 

We had 89,442 of net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which was mainly due to 670,135 of net loss, offset by 619,867 of stock-based compensation expense. We had 32,739 of net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was mainly due to 47,214 of net loss, offset by 11,709 of due from related party. 

We had 89,442 and 32,739 of net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was due to proceeds from related party in connection with shares issued in exchange for elimination of related party balance due. 

We do not currently have any additional commitments or identified sources of additional capital from third parties or from our officers, directors or majority stockholders. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. 

In the future, we may be required to seek additional capital by selling additional debt or equity securities, or otherwise be required to bring cash flows in balance when we approach a condition of cash insufficiency. The sale of additional equity or debt securities, if accomplished, may result in dilution to our then stockholders. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In the event we are unable to raise additional funding and/or obtain revenues sufficient to support our expenses, we may be forced to curtail or abandon our business operations, and any investment in the Company could become worthless. 

16 

Going Concern 

The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis,
which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we had
an accumulated deficit of 30,014,955.
In addition, the Company s current liabilities exceed its current assets by
 66,848 as of September 30, 2024. 

The Company has no significant
assets and continues to depend on equity raises to provide funds to pay its
ongoing expenses. There can be no assurance however that the Company will be
able to raise additional capital when needed, or at terms deemed acceptable, if
at all. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the unaudited
condensed financial statements are issued. 

The unaudited condensed
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and
classification of liabilities that might result should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a
current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and
related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and the Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition
and operating results require the Company s management to make judgments,
assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Management bases
its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it
believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates, and such
differences may be material. 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q and Note 2. Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Financial Statements in
Part II, Item 8, of the 2023 Annual Report, describe the significant accounting
policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

Related party transactions 

Parties are
considered to be related to the Company if the parties, directly or indirectly,
through one or more intermediaries, control, are controlled by, or are under
common control with the Company. Related parties also include principal owners
of the Company, its management, members of the immediate families of principal
owners of the Company and its management and other parties with which the
Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the
management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the
transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The Company
accounts for stock-based compensation to employees in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 718,
 Compensation-Stock Compensation . ASC 718 requires companies to measure the
cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity
instruments, including stock options, based on the grant date fair value of the
award and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the employee
is required to provide service in exchange for the award, usually the vesting
period. Stock option forfeitures are recognized at the date of employee
termination. 

17 

Recent Accounting Developments 

The Company
believes there are no new accounting standards adopted but not yet effective
that are relevant to the readers of our financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 
229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by
this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule
229.10(f)(1). 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

We have established and maintain a system of
disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, that are designed to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act, is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the rules and forms of the Commission and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer, who is our principal executive officer and principal
financial/accounting officer (CEO), to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures. 

In connection with the preparation of this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our management, with the participation of our CEO
(our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer),
carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of September 30, 2024, as required by Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on the evaluation described above, our
management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting
Officer, concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective. That was because at September 30, 2024 we did
not have sufficient personnel to allow segregation of duties to ensure the
completeness or accuracy of our information. Due to the size of the Company and
its limited operations, we are unable to remediate this deficiency until we raise
additional funding and expand our operations. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

We regularly review our system of internal
control over financial reporting to ensure we maintain an effective internal
control environment. There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of
Controls and Procedures 

In designing and evaluating the
disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition,
the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply its
judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures
relative to their costs. 

18 

Part II Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

Although we may, from time to time, be
involved in litigation and claims arising out of our operations in the normal
course of business, we are not currently a party to any material legal
proceeding. In addition, we are not aware of any material legal or governmental
proceedings against us or contemplated to be brought against us. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The business, financial condition and
operating results of the Company can be affected by a number of factors,
whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited to those
described below, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause
the Company s actual financial condition and operating results to vary
materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial condition and
operating results. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially
and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, operating
results and stock price. 

Risks Related to Our Planned Business
Operations 

We will require additional
financing, and we may not be able to raise funds on favorable terms or at all,
which raises questions about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We had a working capital deficit
of 66,848 and an accumulated deficit of 30,014,955, as of September 30, 2024.
We do however expect to require additional funding in the future to continue
our business plan, expand or complete acquisitions. In the event we require
additional funding in the future, the most likely source of future funds
presently available to us will be through the sale of equity capital. Any sale
of share capital will result in dilution to existing stockholders. Furthermore,
we may incur debt in the future, and may not have sufficient funds to repay our
future indebtedness or may default on our future debts, jeopardizing our
business viability. 

We may not be able to borrow or
raise additional capital in the future to meet our needs or to otherwise
provide the capital necessary to expand our operations and business, which
might result in the value of our common stock decreasing in value or becoming
worthless. Additional financing may not be available to us on terms that are
acceptable. Consequently, we may not be able to proceed with our intended
business plans. Substantial additional funds will still be required if we are
to reach our goals that are outlined in this Report. Obtaining additional
financing contains risks, including: 

additional equity financing may not be
 available to us on satisfactory terms and any equity we are able to issue
 could lead to dilution for current stockholders; 

loans or other debt instruments may have
 terms and/or conditions, such as interest rate, restrictive covenants and
 control or revocation provisions, which are not acceptable to management or
 our directors; 

the current environment in capital markets
 combined with our capital constraints may prevent us from being able to
 obtain adequate debt financing; and 

if we fail to obtain required additional
 financing to grow our business, we will need to delay or scale back our
 business plan, and/or reduce our operating costs, each of which would have a
 material adverse effect on our business, future prospects, and financial
 condition. 

19 

We have no operating history in
the court sports industry and have incurred significant operating losses since
inception. We may never become profitable or, if achieved, be able to sustain
profitability. 

We have no operating history in
the court sports industry upon which to base any assumption as to the
likelihood that our operations will prove successful, and we may never achieve
profitable operations. We currently expect to incur net losses for the
foreseeable future. Even if we do achieve profitability, there can be no
guarantee that we will be able to sustain profitability. If we are unsuccessful
in operating our business, it will have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The court sport industry is
highly competitive, and if the Company fails to compete
effectively, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

The court sports industry is
highly competitive. A number of companies offer services that are similar to the
Company s planned services. The majority of the Company s current and potential
competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial,
technical and marketing resources, greater name recognition, broader or more
integrated product offerings, larger staffs and a larger installed customer
base. These competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging
technologies and changes in customer requirements, develop superior services,
and devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of services
than the Company can. 

Because we have a limited
operating history our future operations may not result in profitable
operations. 

There is no significant operating
history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will
prove successful, and we may never achieve profitable operations. If we are
unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail. We
have not generated any revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or
2023, and may never generate revenues, or profitable operations, in the future. 

We rely on our management and
if they were to leave our company our business plan could be adversely
affected. 

We are largely dependent
upon the personal efforts and abilities of our existing
management, namely our current Chief Executive Officer, Ronald
Boreta. Moving forward, should the services of our management be lost for
any reason, the Company will incur costs associated with recruiting replacements
and any potential delays in operations which this may cause. If we are unable
to replace such individual with a suitably trained alternative individual(s),
we may be forced to scale back or curtail our business plan. 

We do not currently have any
employment agreements or maintain key person life insurance policies on our
executive officer. If our executive officer does not devote sufficient time
towards our business, we may never be able to effectuate our business plan. 

We do not currently have any
employment agreements in place with management. 

The Company has not entered into
an employment agreement with Mr. Boreta, the Company s CEO. As such, there are
no contractual relationships guaranteeing that Mr. Boreta will stay with the
Company and continue its operations. In the event he were to resign, the
Company may be unable to get another officer and director to fill the void and
performance may be significantly affected. 

Our growth strategy involves planned operations in the
pickleball and padel industries. 

Our planned business operations involves court sports,
beginning with planned growth opportunities associated with branding and
growing the pickleball and padel industries, both of which are currently
experiencing significant growth. 

20 

Our future success depends, in large part, on our ability
to implement our growth strategies, including expanding our brands product
offerings to capture market share, continuing to engage in consumer acquisition
and retention efforts that drive long-term relationships and continuing to grow
our business. Our ability to implement these growth strategies depends, among
other things, on our ability to: 

Offer services in the future; 

increase our brand
 recognition; and 

expand the geographic reach
 of our brand. 

Moreover, our ability to successfully implement our growth
strategies and carry out our plans may be affected by economic and competitive
conditions, changes in consumer spending patterns and changes in consumer
preferences and styles. We may invest in technology, infrastructure, new
businesses, and product offerings, and such significant investments are subject
to typical risks and uncertainties inherent in developing a new business or
expanding an existing business. These plans could be abandoned, could cost more
than anticipated, could impact the quality of our services and could divert
resources from other areas of our business, any of which could negatively
impact our competitive position and reduce our future revenue and/or future
profitability. 

Unfavorable economic conditions,
including as a result of inflation or otherwise, could have a negative impact
on consumer discretionary spending and therefore negatively impact our future
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our offerings are expected to be
recreational in nature and will therefore be discretionary purchases for
consumers. Consumers are generally more willing to make discretionary purchases
and to spend on leisure during favorable economic conditions and when consumers
are feeling confident and prosperous. We expect the future demand for our
services will be highly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the
corresponding impact on discretionary consumer spending. Any actual or
perceived deterioration or weakness in general, regional or local economic
conditions, unemployment levels, the job or housing markets, consumer debt
levels or consumer confidence, as well as other adverse economic or market
conditions due to inflation or otherwise may lead to customers having less
discretionary income to spend on entertainment and recreational activities, and
may result in significant fluctuations and spending patterns year to year.
Discretionary spending is also affected by many other factors, including
general business conditions, interest rates, the availability of consumer
credit, taxes and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Our future
revenues, if any, could decline during periods when disposable income is lower,
or during periods of actual or perceived unfavorable economic conditions. A
significant or prolonged decline in general economic conditions or
uncertainties regarding future economic prospects that adversely affect
consumer discretionary spending, could have a negative impact on our results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Regulatory, corporate
governance and reporting risks : 

We have identified material
weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting. If not remediated, our failure to establish and
maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial
statements, and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations. 

Maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and
procedures are necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements. As
reported under Item 4. Controls and Procedures , as of September
30, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer has determined that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. Separately, as of December 31, 2023, management has identified a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a
combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. We determined that we had a material weakness because, we did not
have sufficient personnel to allow segregation of duties to ensure the
completeness or accuracy of our information. 

21 

A material weakness is a
deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over
financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A control deficiency
exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or
employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to
prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. 

Maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and
procedures are necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements. As
reported under Item 4. Controls and Procedures , as of September
30, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer has determined that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. Separately, as of December 31, 2023, management has identified a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a
combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. We determined that we had a material weakness because, we did not
have sufficient personnel to allow segregation of duties to ensure the
completeness or accuracy of our information. 

Because we are not subject to
compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance
measures, our stockholders have limited protections against interested director
transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the New York Stock
Exchange and The Nasdaq Stock Market, as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley, require
the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These
measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the
securities markets and apply to securities that are listed on those exchanges
or The Nasdaq Stock Market. Because we are not presently required to comply with
many of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid
incurring the substantial additional costs associated with such compliance any
sooner than legally required, we have not yet adopted these measures. 

We do not currently have an independent
audit or compensation committee. Until we comply with such corporate governance
measures, regardless of whether such compliance is required, the absence of
such standards of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without
protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest, if
any, and similar matters and any potential investors may be reluctant to
provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations. 

We intend to comply with all
corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when
required. However, we may find it very difficult or be unable to attract and
retain qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required
to provide for our effective management as a result of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has resulted in a
series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and
liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal
risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly or deter
qualified individuals from accepting these roles. 

Risks Relating to Our Common
Stock 

We currently have an illiquid
and volatile market for our common stock, and the market for our common stock
is and may remain illiquid and volatile in the future. 

22 

We currently have a highly
sporadic, illiquid and volatile market for our common stock, which market is
anticipated to remain sporadic, illiquid and volatile in the future. During the
last 52 weeks our common stock has traded as high as 3.98 per share and as low
as 0.11 per share. The market price of our common stock may continue to be
highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. Our financial performance,
government regulatory action, tax laws, interest rates, and market conditions
in general could have a significant impact on the future market price of our
common stock. 

short squeezes 

comments by securities analysts or other third parties, including
 blogs, articles, message boards and social and other media; 

large stockholders exiting their position in our securities or an
 increase or decrease in the short interest in our securities; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial and operating
 results; 

the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, operational
 timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

the timing and outcome of our business plan; 

significant lawsuits or stockholder litigation; 

variations in our financial results or those of companies that are
 perceived to be similar to us; 

market conditions in the court sports industry; 

general economic, political, and market conditions and overall
 fluctuations in the financial markets in the U.S. and abroad; and 

investors general perception of us and our business. 

Our common stock is quoted on the
OTC Pink Market under the symbol AASP . Our stock price may be impacted by
factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance.
The stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility that has often
been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These
broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common
stock. Additionally, general economic, political and market conditions, such as
recessions, inflation, war, interest rates or international currency
fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Due to
the limited volume of our shares which trade, we believe that our stock prices
(bid, ask and closing prices) may not be related to our actual value, and
not reflect the actual value of our common stock. You should exercise caution
before making an investment in us. 

Stock markets in general and our
stock price in particular have recently experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of those companies and our company. Broad market fluctuations may
adversely affect the trading price of our securities. Additionally, these and
other external factors have caused and may continue to cause the market price
and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or
prevent our stockholders from readily selling their shares of our common stock
and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. 

Additionally, as a result of the
illiquidity of our common stock, investors may not be interested in owning our
common stock because of the inability to acquire or sell a substantial block of
our common stock at one time. Such illiquidity could have an adverse effect on
the market price of our common stock. In addition, a shareholder may not be
able to borrow funds using our common stock as collateral because lenders may
be unwilling to accept the pledge of securities having such a limited market.
An active trading market for our common stock may not develop or, if one
develops, may not be sustained. 

23 

In the past, many companies that
have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been
subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this
type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result
in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business
concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 

The exercise of our outstanding Warrants,
and the sale of common stock upon exercise thereof, may adversely affect the
trading price of our securities. 

As of the date of this Report, we
had 2,975,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of Warrants which
have an exercise price of 0.40 per share. For the life of the Warrants, the
holders have the opportunity to profit from a rise in the market price of our
common stock without assuming the risk of ownership. The issuance of shares
upon the exercise of outstanding securities will also dilute the ownership
interests of our existing stockholders. 

The availability of these shares
for public resale, as well as any actual resales of these shares, could
adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. We cannot predict the
size of future issuances of our common stock pursuant to the exercise of
outstanding Warrants, or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of
shares of our common stock may have on the market price of our common stock.
Sales or distributions of substantial amounts of our common stock (including
shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such
sales could occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

In addition, the common stock
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may represent overhang that may also
adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Overhang occurs when
there is a greater supply of a company s stock in the market than there is
demand for that stock. When this happens the price of our stock will decrease,
and any additional shares which stockholders attempt to sell in the market will
only further decrease the share price. If the share volume of our common stock
cannot absorb shares sold by holders of our Warrants, then the value of our
common stock will likely decrease. 

Stockholders may be diluted
significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations
through the issuance of additional shares of our common stock. 

We have no committed source of
financing. Wherever possible, our Board of Directors will attempt to use
non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe
that the non-cash consideration will consist of restricted shares of our common
stock. Our Board of Directors has authority, without action or vote of the
stockholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares of
common stock. In addition, if a trading market develops for our common stock,
we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock, possibly
at a discount to market. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership
interests of existing stockholders, may further dilute common stock book value,
and that dilution may be material. Such issuances may also serve to enhance
existing management s ability to maintain control of the Company because the
shares may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing
management. 

We have not paid any cash
dividends in the past and have no plans to issue cash dividends in the future,
which could cause the value of our common stock to have a lower value than
other similar companies which do pay cash dividends. 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not anticipate any cash dividends
being paid to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. While our
dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs of the
business, it is anticipated that any earnings will be retained to finance our
future expansion. As we have no plans to issue cash dividends in the future,
our common stock could be less desirable to other investors and as a result,
the value of our common stock may decline, or fail to reach the valuations of
other similarly situated companies who have historically paid cash dividends in
the past. 

24 

Our common stock is
considered a penny stock under SEC rules and it may be more difficult to
resell securities classified as penny stock. 

Our common stock is a penny
stock under applicable SEC rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded
stock with a per-share price below 5.00). Unless we maintain a per-share price
above 5.00 (or obtain a listing on a national securities exchange), our common
stock will continue to be a penny stock. These rules impose additional sales
practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase or sale of
penny stocks to persons other than those who qualify as established customers 
or accredited investors. For example, broker-dealers must determine the
appropriateness for non-qualifying persons of investments in penny stocks.
Broker-dealers must also provide, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not
otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized risk disclosure document that
provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock
market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and
offer quotations for the penny stock, disclose the compensation of the
broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, furnish monthly account
statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account, provide a special written determination that the penny stock is a
suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s written
agreement to the transaction. 

Legal remedies available to an
investor in penny stocks may include the following: 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor
 in violation of the requirements listed above, or other Federal or states
 securities laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive
 a refund of the investment. 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor
 in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms
 that committed the fraud for damages. 

These requirements may have the
effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary
market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The
additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may
discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities, which
could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These
requirements may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common
stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock. 

Many brokerage firms will
discourage or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most
institutional investors will not invest in penny stocks. In addition, many
individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due to, among other reasons,
the increased financial risk generally associated with these investments. 

For these reasons, penny stocks
may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no
assurance at what time, if ever, our common stock will not be classified as a
 penny stock in the future. 

General risk factors : 

Our ability to grow and
compete in the future will be adversely affected if adequate capital is not
available. 

The ability of our business to
grow and compete depends on the availability of adequate capital, which in turn
depends in large part on our cash flow from operations and the availability of
equity and debt financing. Our cash flow from operations may not be sufficient
or we may not be able to obtain equity or debt financing on acceptable terms or
at all to implement our growth strategy. As a result, adequate capital may not
be available to finance our current growth plans, take advantage of business
opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could harm our
business. 

25 

If we are unable to manage
future growth effectively, our profitability and liquidity could be adversely
affected. 

Our ability to achieve our
desired growth depends on our execution in functional areas such as management,
sales and marketing, finance and general administration and operations. To
manage any future growth, we must continue to improve our operational and
financial processes and systems and expand, train and manage our employee base
and control associated costs. Our efforts to grow our business, both in terms
of size and in diversity of customer bases served, will require rapid expansion
in certain functional areas and put a significant strain on our resources. We
may incur significant expenses as we attempt to scale our resources and make
investments in our business that we believe are necessary to achieve long-term
growth goals. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our expenses
could increase without a proportionate increase in revenue, our margins could
decrease, and our business and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

If we make any acquisitions,
they may disrupt or have a negative impact on our business. 

If we make acquisitions in the
future, funding permitting, which may not be available on favorable terms, if
at all, we could have difficulty integrating the acquired company s assets,
personnel and operations with our own. We do not anticipate that any
acquisitions or mergers we may enter into in the future would result in a
change of control of the Company. In addition, the key personnel of the
acquired business may not be willing to work for us. We cannot predict the
effect expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether we are
successful in making an acquisition, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing
business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. In
addition to the risks described above, acquisitions are accompanied by a number
of inherent risks, including, without limitation, the following: 

the difficulty of integrating acquired products, services or
 operations; 

the potential disruption of the ongoing
 businesses and distraction of our management and the management of acquired
 companies; 

difficulties in maintaining uniform
 standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

the potential impairment of relationships
 with employees and customers as a result of any integration of new management
 personnel; 

the potential inability or failure to
 achieve additional sales and enhance our customer base through
 cross-marketing of the products to new and existing customers; 

the effect of any government regulations
 which relate to the business acquired; 

potential unknown liabilities associated
 with acquired businesses or product lines, or the need to spend significant
 amounts to retool, reposition or modify the marketing and sales of acquired
 products or operations, or the defense of any litigation, whether or not
 successful, resulting from actions of the acquired company prior to our
 acquisition; and 

potential expenses under the labor,
 environmental and other laws of various jurisdictions. 

Our business could be severely
impaired if and to the extent that we are unable to succeed in addressing any
of these risks or other problems encountered in connection with an acquisition,
many of which cannot be presently identified. These risks and problems could
disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, increase
our expenses, and adversely affect our results of operations. 

26 

We incur ongoing costs and
expenses for SEC reporting and compliance and without sufficient revenues we
may not be able to remain in compliance, making it difficult for investors to
sell their shares, if at all. 

In order for us to remain in
compliance with our on-going reporting requirements, we may require additional
capital and/or future revenues to cover the cost of these filings, which could
comprise a substantial portion of our available cash resources or require us to
obtain additional capital through the sale of equity or debt. If we are unable
to further capitalize the Company or generate sufficient revenues to remain in
compliance, it may be difficult for you to resell any shares you may purchase,
if at all. There are ongoing costs and expenses for SEC reporting, including
the general booking and accounting costs for the preparation of the financial
quarterly (Form 10-Qs) and annual filings (Form 10-Ks), and auditor s fees.
Further, there are processing costs in preparing and converting documents and
disclosures through the EDGAR filing system, including certain costs for the
XBRL that are required as part of the EDGAR filing. 

We may experience adverse
impacts on our reported results of operations as a result of adopting new
accounting standards or interpretations. 

Our implementation of and
compliance with changes in accounting rules, including new accounting rules and
interpretations, could adversely affect our reported financial position or
operating results or cause unanticipated fluctuations in our reported operating
results in future periods. 

If persons engage in short
sales of our common stock, the price of our common stock may decline. 

Selling short is a technique used
by a stockholder to take advantage of an anticipated decline in the price of a
security. In addition, holders of options and warrants will sometimes sell
short knowing they can, in effect, cover through the exercise of an option or
warrant, thus locking in a profit. A significant number of short sales or a
large volume of other sales within a relatively short period of time can create
downward pressure on the market price of a security. Stockholders could,
therefore, experience a decline in the value of their investment as a result of
short sales of our common stock. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

There have been no sales of unregistered
securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and from the period from
October 1, 2024 to the filing date of this Report, other than as described
below. 

Between November 4, 2024 and
November 7, 2024, the Company sold to 23 Investors, an aggregate of 2,631,543
shares of restricted common stock, par value 0.001 per share for 0.95 per
Share, for an aggregate of 2,500,000. 

We
claim an exemption from registration for the issuance of the shares of common stock
described above pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D
of the Securities Act, since the foregoing issuances did not involve a public
offering, the recipients took the securities for investment and not resale, we
took take appropriate measures to restrict transfer, and the recipients were
(a) accredited investors and/or (b) had access to similar
documentation and information as would be required in a Registration Statement
under the Securities Act. The securities are subject to transfer restrictions,
and the certificates evidencing the securities contain an appropriate legend
stating that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act
and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption
therefrom. The securities were not registered under the Securities Act and such
securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable
state securities laws. 

27 

. 

Use of Proceeds From Sale of Registered
Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information. 

(c) Rule 10b5 - 1 (c)
Trading Plans. Our director and
executive officer may from time to time enter into
plans or other arrangements for the purchase or sale of our shares that are
intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5 - 1 (c) or may represent a non-Rule 10b5 - 1 trading arrangement under
the Exchange Act. During the quarter ended September 30,
2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as
defined in Rule 16a - 1 (f)) adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written
plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to
satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5 - 1 (c) or any non-Rule 10b5 - 1 trading arrangement. 

28 

Item 6.
Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 
 Filed/ Furnished 
 Incorporated By Reference 

Number 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Herewith 
 Form 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 File Number 

4.1 
 Form
 of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock Dated July 3, 2024 
 
 8-K 
 4.1 
 7/5/2024 
 000-24970 

10.1 
 Purchase
 Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2024, by and between Global Acquisitions
 Corporation, and All-American Golf Center, Inc.. 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 7/5/2024 
 000-24970 

10.2 
 Consulting
 Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2024, by and between Global Acquisitions
 Corporation and James Askew. 
 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 7/5/2024 
 000-24970 

10.3 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for November 2024 Private Offering by
 Global Acquisitions Corporation and the Investors party thereto 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 11/8/2024 
 000-24970 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 [X] 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 [X] 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear
 in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the
 Inline XBRL document 
 [X] 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 [X] 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 [X] 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 [X] 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 [X] 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 [X] 

104 
 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set 
 [X] 

Filed herewith. 

 Furnished Herewith. 

 Exhibit constitutes a
management contract or compensatory plan or agreement. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

GLOBAL
 ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ronald Boreta 

Ronald Boreta 

Chief Executive Officer, President and
 Treasurer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting
 Officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Global Acquisitions Corporation - Exhibit 31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Ronald Boreta, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Global Acquisitions Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ronald Boreta 

Ronald Boreta 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exhibit32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Global Acquisitions Corporation - Exhibit 32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Global Acquisitions Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ronald Boreta, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ronald Boreta 

Ronald Boreta 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 global930245-20240930.xsd
 SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 global930245-20240930_def.xml
 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 global930245-20240930_lab.xml
 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 global930245-20240930_pre.xml
 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

