<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1823239_0001823239-24-000118.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8543071</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152662</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1536074</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2915607</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2009300</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1768629</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001823239-24-000118.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112172431
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001823239-24-000118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001823239
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39725
		FILM NUMBER:		241450005

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10770 WATERIDGE CIRCLE SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 546-0004

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10770 WATERIDGE CIRCLE SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001823239-24-000118.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 mrvi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mrvi-20240930 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip code) 
 ______________________________ 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 ______________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 7, 2024, shares of the registrant s Class A common stock were outstanding and shares of the registrant s Class B common stock were outstanding. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 12 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 49 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 50 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 50 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 50 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 50 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 50 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 51 
 Signatures 
 52 

2 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this report, including, without limitation, statements under the section Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements often may include words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, plan, intend, believe, may, will, should, can have, likely and other words and terms of similar meaning. These statements are based upon management s current expectations, assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of the timing or nature of our future operating or financial performance or other events. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those that we expected, including: 
 The level of our customers spending on and demand for outsourced nucleic acid production and biologics safety testing products and services. 
 Our dependency on a limited number of customers for a high percentage of our revenue and our ability to maintain our current relationships with such customers. 
 Significant fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results, which make our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 
 The impact of ongoing macroeconomic challenges and changes in economic conditions, including adverse developments affecting banks and financial institutions, follow-on effects of those events and related systemic pressures, on our and our customers current and future business operations. 
 The effects of our recent reduction in force, including on our ability to attract and/or retain qualified key personnel. 
 Use of our products by customers in the production of vaccines and therapies, some of which represent relatively new and still-developing modes of treatment, and the impact of unforeseen adverse events, negative clinical outcomes, development of alternative therapies, or increased regulatory scrutiny of these modes of treatment and their financial cost on our customers use of our products and services. 
 Competition with life science, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies who are substantially larger than us and potentially capable of developing new approaches that could make our products, services and technology obsolete. 
 The potential failure of our products and services to not perform as expected and the reliability of the technology on which our products and services are based. 
 The risk that our products do not comply with required quality standards. 
 Market acceptance of our life science reagents. 
 Our ability to implement our strategic plan successfully. 
 Natural disasters, geopolitical instability (including the ongoing military conflicts in Ukraine and the Gaza Strip) and other catastrophic events. 
 Risks related to our acquisitions, including whether we achieve the anticipated benefits of acquisitions of businesses or technologies. 
 Product liability lawsuits. 
 Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers or, in some cases, sole suppliers, for some of our raw materials and the risk that we may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers. 
 The risk that our products become subject to more onerous regulation by the FDA or other regulatory agencies in the future. 
 Our ability to obtain, maintain and enforce sufficient intellectual property protection for our current or future products. 
 The risk that a future cyber-attack or security breach cannot be prevented. 
 Our ability to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information. 
 The risk that one of our products may be alleged (or found) to infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 Compliance with our obligations under intellectual property license agreements. 
 Our or our licensors failure to maintain the patents or patent applications in-licensed from a third party. 
 Our ability to adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Our existing level of indebtedness and our ability to raise additional capital on favorable terms. 
 Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to service all of our indebtedness. 
 Our potential failure to meet our debt service obligations. 
 Restrictions on our current and future operations under the terms applicable to the Credit Agreement. 
 Our dependence, by virtue of our principal asset being our interest in Maravai Topco Holdings, LLC Topco LLC ), on distributions from Topco LLC to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under a tax receivable agreement with the former owners of Topco LLC (the Tax Receivable Agreement or TRA together with various limitations and restrictions that impact Topco LLC s ability to make such distributions. 
 The risk that conflicts of interest could arise between our shareholders and Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, LLC MLSH 1 ), the only other member of Topco LLC, and impede business decisions that could benefit our shareholders. 
 The substantial future cash payments we may be required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement to MLSH 1 and Maravai Life Sciences Holdings 2, LLC MLSH 2 ), an entity through which certain of our former owners hold their interests in the Company and the negative effect of such payments. 
 The fact that our organizational structure, including the TRA, confers certain benefits upon MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 that will not benefit our other common shareholders to the same extent as they will benefit MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. 
 Our ability to realize all or a portion of the tax benefits that are expected to result from the tax attributes covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 The possibility that we will receive distributions from Topco LLC significantly in excess of our tax liabilities and obligations to make to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Factors that could lead to future impairment of our goodwill and other amortizable intangible assets. 
 Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns. 
 Risks related to our annual assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, including the potential existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency. 
 The fact that investment entities affiliated with GTCR, LLC GTCR currently control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, and it may have interests that conflict with ours or yours in the future. 
 Risks related to our controlled company status within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of NASDAQ. 
 The potential anti-takeover effects of certain provisions in our corporate organizational documents. 
 Potential sales of a significant portion of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 
 Potential preferred stock issuances and the anti-takeover impacts of any such issuances. 
 We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based on many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations or cautionary statements are disclosed under the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 The forward-looking statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except par value) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Current portion of payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of finance lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Finance lease liabilities, less current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 
 par value - shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value - shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total stockholders equity attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. Non-controlling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Operating expenses: Cost of revenue Selling, general and administrative Research and development Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration ) ) Goodwill impairment 
 Restructuring 
 ) ) Total operating expenses Loss from operations 
 ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Change in payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement ) ) ) ) Other income (expense) 
 ) ) Loss before income taxes 
 ) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss per Class A common share attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., basic and diluted 
 Weighted average number of Class A common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive loss attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity June 30, 2024 Issuance of Class A common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Non-controlling interest adjustment for changes in proportionate ownership in Topco LLC ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) ) September 30, 2024 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity December 31, 2023 Effect of exchange of LLC Units 
 ) ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Non-controlling interest adjustment for changes in proportionate ownership in Topco LLC ) Stock-based compensation Distribution for tax liabilities to non-controlling interest holder ) ) Net loss ) ) ) September 30, 2024 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity June 30, 2023 Issuance of Class A common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Non-controlling interest adjustment for changes in proportionate ownership in Topco LLC ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) ) September 30, 2023 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity December 31, 2022 Effects of Structuring Transactions ) ) ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Non-controlling interest adjustment for changes in proportionate ownership in Topco LLC ) Stock-based compensation Distribution for tax liabilities to non-controlling interest holder ) ) Net loss ) ) ) September 30, 2023 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Amortization of deferred financing costs Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration ) Goodwill impairment Revaluation of liabilities under the Tax Receivable Agreement Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 
 Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current and noncurrent assets 
 Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Investing activities: Cash paid for acquisition of a business, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from government assistance allocated to property and equipment Purchase of technology 
 ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Distributions for tax liabilities to non-controlling interest holder 
 ) ) Principal repayments of long-term debt ) ) Payments of finance lease liabilities ) ) Proceeds from interest rate cap agreement 
 Payment of acquisition consideration holdback ) Payments to MLSH 1 pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement ) Payments to MLSH 2 pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement ) (Taxes paid for shares withheld) proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock under employee equity plans, net 
 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid (refunded) for income taxes, net 
 ) Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities: Property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Purchase of technology included in accrued expenses 
 Accrued receivable for capital expenditures to be reimbursed under a government contract Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 Fair value of contingent consideration liability recorded in connection with acquisition of a business 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 MARAVAI LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 principal businesses: Nucleic Acid Production and Biologics Safety Testing. Our Nucleic Acid Production business manufactures and sells products used in the fields of gene therapy, vaccines, nucleoside chemistry, oligonucleotide therapy and molecular diagnostics, including reagents used in the chemical synthesis, modification, labelling and purification of deoxyribonucleic acid DNA and ribonucleic acid RNA ). Our core Nucleic Acid Production offerings include messenger ribonucleic acid mRNA ), long and short oligonucleotides, our proprietary CleanCap capping technology and oligonucleotide building blocks, and custom enzyme development and manufacturing. Our Biologics Safety Testing business sells highly specialized analytical products for use in biologic manufacturing process development, including custom product-specific development antibody and assay development services. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Significant Accounting Policies 
 A description of the Company s significant accounting policies is included in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no material changes in the Company s significant accounting policies during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 contract asset balances as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 Total contract liabilities were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Contract liabilities are expected to be recognized as revenue within the next twelve months. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Europe, the Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Latin and Central America Total revenue 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nucleic Acid Production Biologics Safety Testing Total North America Europe, the Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Latin and Central America Total revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nucleic Acid Production Biologics Safety Testing Total North America Europe, the Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Latin and Central America Total revenue 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nucleic Acid Production Biologics Safety Testing Total North America Europe, the Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Latin and Central America Total revenue 
 Total revenue is attributed to geographic regions based on the bill-to location of the transaction. For all periods presented, the majority of our revenue was recognized at a point in time. 
 of the outstanding LLC Units of Topco LLC, and MLSH 1 held approximately of the outstanding LLC Units of Topco LLC. Therefore, we report non-controlling interests based on the percentage of LLC Units of Topco LLC held by MLSH 1 on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. Income or loss attributed to the non-controlling interest in Topco LLC is based on the LLC Units outstanding during the period for which the income or loss is generated and is presented on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 -for-one basis or, at our election, for cash, from a substantially concurrent public offering or private sale (based on the price of our Class A common stock in such public offering or private sale). As such, future exchanges of Paired Interests by MLSH 1 will result in a change in ownership and reduce or increase the amount recorded as non-controlling interests and increase or decrease additional paid-in-capital when Topco LLC has positive or negative net assets, respectively. 
 Exchange of Topco LLC Units and Block Trade 
 In May 2024, MLSH 1 exchanged LLC Units of Topco LLC (paired with an equal number of shares of our Class B common stock) for shares of the Company s Class A common stock. Upon receipt by the Company, the shares of our Class B common stock were subsequently cancelled and retired. Following the exchange, MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 sold an aggregate of shares of our Class A common stock in a block trade May 2024 Block Trade ). 
 The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of shares of our Class A common stock by either MLSH 1 or MLSH 2, but did incur costs associated with the May 2024 Block Trade, which were not significant. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, MLSH 1 did not exchange any Paired Interests. 
 Payments pursuant to Topco LLC Operating Agreement 
 The Topco LLC Operating Agreement entered into at the time of the Organizational Transactions includes a provision requiring cash distributions enabling its owners, including MLSH 1, to pay their taxes on income passing through from Topco LLC. Cash distributions of million and million for tax liabilities were made to MLSH 1 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. such cash distributions were made during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 reportable segments. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the Company s chief operating decision maker CODM in deciding how to allocate resources and assessing performance. The CODM allocates resources and assesses performance based upon discrete financial information at the segment level. All of our long-lived assets are located in the United States. 
 The allowance for credit losses was approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There were million of write-offs of accounts receivable during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Write-offs of accounts receivable were significant during the three months ended September 30, 2024 or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Recoveries were significant during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were recoveries during the three months ended September 30, 2023 and million of recoveries during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company performed a quantitative impairment test and recognized goodwill impairment of million (see Note 3). 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

CureVac N.V. 
 ____________________ 
 Less than 10 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, all of the revenue recorded for Nacalai USA, Inc. was generated by the Nucleic Acid Production segment. 
 
 2. 
 of the Company s workforce, the termination of certain leases, and other actions to reduce expenses, all as part of a plan to optimize business operations and match them to current market conditions. The reduction in force was completed on January 5, 2024, following the end of the sixty-day notification period required by the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act. The Cost Realignment Plan was substantially completed during the first quarter of 2024, with most of the cash payments having been disbursed prior to the end of such quarter, with the remainder expected to be disbursed by the end of the fiscal year 2024. The Company does not expect to incur additional restructuring costs relating to the Cost Realignment Plan. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, restructuring charges were significant. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, restructuring charges primarily consist of the stock-based compensation benefit recognized for the 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) ) Corporate 
 ) ) ) Total 
 ) ) ) 
 Charges (benefit) 
 ) ) ) Non-cash benefit 
 Cash payments 
 ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 3. 
 Impairment 
 ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ____________________ 
 (1) The Nucleic Acid Production segment had accumulated goodwill impairment of million as of September 30, 2024. There had been accumulated goodwill impairment as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) The Biologics Safety Testing segment had accumulated goodwill impairment as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had reporting units, of which are contained in the Nucleic Acid Production segment. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded goodwill impairment of million related to the TriLink reporting unit, which is contained in the Nucleic Acid Production segment. 
 In connection with preparing its financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company tested its reporting units for potential goodwill impairment in response to impairment indicators identified during the Company s forecasting process. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company revised its long-term forecast to reflect lower projected near term revenues due to lower demand in research and discovery products within our Nucleic Acid Production business. This revision also considered the slower than expected transition to new mRNA clinical trials as customers prioritize existing programs and more conservatively invest in new programs as the results of continued macroeconomic pressures. The Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test on each of its reporting units. 
 The Company performed the impairment test using a combination of the income and the market approach to determine whether the fair value of each reporting unit was less than its carrying value. The income approach utilizes a discounted cash flow model with inputs developed using both internal and market-based data, while the market approach utilizes comparable company information. The significant assumptions in the discounted cash flow models vary amongst, and are specific to, each reporting 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 . These assumptions were developed in light of current market conditions and future expectations which include, but were not limited to, new product and service developments, impact of competition and future economic conditions. These estimates and assumptions represent a Level 3 measurement because they are supported by little or no market activity and reflect our own assumptions in measuring fair value. Based on its interim quantitative assessment, the Company concluded that the TriLink reporting unit had a carrying value that exceeded its estimated fair value. As a result, the Company recorded goodwill impairment of million on the condensed consolidated statements of operations, which was the entire goodwill balance at the reporting unit. impairment was recorded for the Company s remaining reporting units, as each of their fair values exceeded their respective carrying values. 
 Intangible Assets 
 In conjunction with the goodwill impairment test, the Company also evaluated the recoverability of its long-lived assets (including finite-lived intangible assets). The Company performed the impairment test by comparing the respective carrying value of the assets to the current and expected future cash flows, on an undiscounted basis, to be generated from such assets. Based on the interim impairment test, it was determined that the carrying value of the assets did not exceed their respective current and expected future cash flows, on an undiscounted basis. As a result, impairment for long-lived assets (including finite-lived intangible assets) was recorded. 
 Intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis, which reflects the expected pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are being obtained, over an estimated useful life ranging from to years. 
 ) - 
 Patents and Developed Technology ) - 
 Customer Relationships ) - 
 Total ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Estimated Useful Life Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Period (in thousands) (in years) (in years) Trade Names ) - 
 Patents and Developed Technology ) - 
 Customer Relationships ) - 
 Total ) 
 The Company recognized million and million of amortization expense from intangible assets directly linked with revenue-generating activities within cost of revenue in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company recognized million and million of amortization expense from intangible assets directly linked with revenue-generating activities within cost of revenue in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets that are not directly related to revenue-generating activities of million and million was recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Amortization expense for intangible assets that are not directly related to revenue-generating activities of 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million was recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total estimated amortization expense 
 
 4. 
 Interest rate cap, current 
 Total assets Liabilities Contingent consideration, non-current 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Money market funds 
 Interest rate cap, non-current 
 Total assets Liabilities Current portion of contingent consideration Contingent consideration, non-current Total liabilities 
 Contingent Consideration 
 In connection with the acquisition of Alphazyme, LLC Alphazyme ), which was completed in January 2023, the Company was initially required to make contingent payments to the sellers of Alphazyme of up to million (the Performance Payments ), subject to Alphazyme achieving certain revenue thresholds during each of the fiscal years 2023 through 2025. The preliminary fair value of the liability for the contingent consideration recognized upon the completion of the acquisition as part of the purchase accounting opening balance sheet was million. The preliminary fair value of the contingent consideration was determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation-based model discounted to present value. Assumptions used to determine the fair value were expected revenue, a discount rate of and various probability factors. The ultimate settlement of the contingent consideration could deviate from current estimates based on actual revenues. The contingent consideration consists of Performance Payments for each of the performance periods, with the first payment (to the extent earned) due in 2024. For the first performance period which ended on December 31, 2023, it was determined that the defined revenue target was not achieved. Consequently, payment for contingent consideration was made to the sellers of Alphazyme in 2024. As of 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million for the remaining performance periods. 
 This contingent consideration liability is considered to be a Level 3 financial liability that is remeasured each reporting period. Changes in fair value of contingent consideration are recognized as a gain or loss and recorded within change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded decreases of million and million, respectively, in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration. These decreases were due to changes in estimates associated with the expected achievement of the Alphazyme revenue thresholds that would require the Company to make a contingent consideration payment under the Alphazyme Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 5. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventory 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Accrued interest payable 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion 
 Professional services Accrued property and equipment 
 Customer deposits Sales and use tax liability Accrued restructuring costs Accrued MyChem Retention Payments, current portion 
 Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 6. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 buildings Flanders I and Flanders II ), however, the Cooperative Agreement is exclusively involved in Flanders I. 
 The Cooperative Agreement requires the Company to provide the U.S. Government with conditional priority access and certain preferred pricing obligations for a period from the completion of the construction project for the production of a medical countermeasure (or a component thereof) that the Company manufactures in the Flanders San Diego Facility during a declared public health emergency. 
 Pursuant to certain requirements, BARDA awarded TriLink an amount equal to million or of the construction and validation costs currently budgeted for the Flanders San Diego Facility. The contract period of performance is May 2022 through January 2034, which is the effective date of the Cooperative Agreement through the anticipated expiration of the conditional priority access period. Amounts reimbursed are subject to audit and may be recaptured by the HHS in certain circumstances. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received million and million, respectively, of reimbursements under the Cooperative Agreement, with equal offsets recorded to property and equipment on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company received million and million, respectively, of reimbursements under the Cooperative Agreement, with equal offsets recorded to property and equipment on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has recorded a receivable of million within prepaid expenses and other current assets, with an equal offset to property and equipment. 
 
 7. 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Amounts purchased under these obligations totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 Total 

8. 
 million term loan facility, maturing October 2027 (the Term Loan ), and a million revolving credit facility, maturing October 2025 (the Revolving Credit Facility ). 
 As of September 30, 2024, the effective interest rate on the Term Loan was per annum. 
 The Credit Agreement also provides availability under the Revolving Credit Facility for the issuance of letters of credit up to an aggregate limit of million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a million outstanding letter of credit as 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by Topco LLC, together with the existing and future material domestic subsidiaries of Topco LLC (subject to certain exceptions), as specified in the respective guaranty agreements. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are also secured by a first-priority lien and security interest in substantially all of the assets (subject to certain exceptions) of existing and future material domestic subsidiaries of Topco LLC that are loan parties. 
 The Term Loan requires mandatory quarterly principal payments of million which began in March 2022, with all remaining outstanding principal due on maturity in October 2027. 
 As of September 30, 2024, unamortized debt issuance costs totaled million and are recorded within other assets on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as there is borrowing balance outstanding related to the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Credit Agreement requires that we make mandatory prepayments on the Term Loan principal upon certain excess cash flow, subject to certain step-downs based on the Company s first lien net leverage ratio. The excess cash flow shall be reduced to or of the calculated excess cash flow if the Company s first lien net leverage ratio was equal to or less than :1.00 or :1.00, respectively, however, no prepayment shall be required to the extent excess cash flow calculated for the respective period is equal to or less than million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s first lien net leverage ratio was less than :1.00. Thus, a mandatory prepayment on the Term Loan out of our excess cash flow was not required. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, including, among other things, covenants limiting our ability to incur or prepay certain indebtedness, pay dividends or distributions, dispose of assets, engage in mergers and consolidations, make acquisitions or other investments and make changes to the nature of the business. Additionally, the Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a certain net leverage ratio if the outstanding debt balance on the Revolving Credit Facility exceeds of the aggregate amount of available credit of million, or million. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 Interest Rate Cap 
 In the first quarter of 2021, the Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement to manage a portion of its variable interest rate risk on its outstanding long-term debt. The contract, which was effective March 31, 2021, entitles the Company to receive from the counterparty at each calendar quarter end the amount, if any, by which a specified defined floating market rate exceeds the cap strike interest rate, applied to the contract s notional amount of million. The floating rate of interest is reset at the end of each three-month period. The contract was set to expire on March 31, 2023. 
 In May 2022, the Company amended the interest rate cap agreement, effective June 30, 2022, to increase the contract s notional amount to million and to extend the maturity date to January 19, 2025. Additionally, the floating rate option changed from a LIBOR-based rate to a SOFR-based rate. Other provisions remained unchanged as a result of the amendment. Premiums paid to amend the interest rate cap agreement were immaterial. 
 The interest rate cap agreement has not been designated as a hedging relationship and has been recognized on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at fair value of million within prepaid expenses and other current assets with changes in fair value recognized within interest expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Proceeds from the interest rate cap agreement are reflected in cash flows used in financing activities in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt Less: current portion ) ) Total long-term debt, less current portion 
 There were borrowing balances outstanding on the Company s Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 Total long-term debt 
 
 9.) ) ) ) Less: loss attributable to common non-controlling interests 
 Net loss attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding 
 Net loss per Class A common share attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., basic and diluted 
 Shares of Class B common stock do not share in the earnings or losses of the Company and are therefore not participating securities. As such, a separate presentation of basic and diluted net loss per share for Class B common stock under the two-class method has not been presented. 
 Stock options Shares estimated to be purchased under the employee stock purchase plan 
 Shares of Class B common stock Total 
 Shares underlying contingently issuable awards that have not met the necessary conditions as of the end of a reporting period are not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per Class A common share attributable to the Company for that period. The Company had contingently issuable performance stock units PSUs outstanding that did not meet the market and performance conditions as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 and, therefore, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per Class A common share attributable to the Company. The maximum number of potentially dilutive shares that could be 
 25 

Table of Contents 

10.) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Effective tax rate ) 
 The Company s effective tax rate of ) and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21.0 , primarily due to the valuation allowance recorded against the Company s deferred tax assets, and the release of a previous uncertain tax position due to statute expiration. 
 The Company s effective tax rate of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 differed from the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21.0 , primarily due to the loss associated with the non-controlling interest, changes to the Company s deferred tax assets due to changes in estimates associated with its state income tax rate, and the release of a previous uncertain tax position due to statute expiration. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits, all of which would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized ) million, as a component of income tax expense (benefit), primarily due to statute expiration. The Company recognizes interest related to uncertain tax benefits as a component of income tax expense, including million recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Tax Distributions to Topco LLC s Owners 
 Topco LLC is subject to an operating agreement put in place at the date of the Organizational Transactions LLC Operating Agreement ). The LLC Operating Agreement has numerous provisions related to allocations of income and loss, as well as timing and amounts of distributions to its owners. This agreement also includes a provision requiring cash distributions enabling its owners to pay their taxes on income passing through from Topco LLC. These tax distributions are computed based on an assumed income tax rate equal to the sum of (i) the maximum combined marginal U.S. federal and state income tax rate applicable to an individual and (ii) the net investment income tax. The assumed income tax rate currently totals , which may increase to in certain cases where the qualified business income deduction is unavailable. 
 In addition, under the tax rules, Topco LLC is required to allocate taxable income disproportionately to its unit holders. Because tax distributions are determined based on the holder of LLC Units who is allocated the largest amount of taxable income on a per unit basis, but are made pro rata based on ownership, Topco LLC is required to make tax distributions that, in the aggregate, will likely exceed the amount of taxes Topco LLC would have otherwise paid if it were taxed on its taxable income at the assumed income tax rate. Topco LLC is subject to entity level taxation in certain states and certain of its subsidiaries are subject to entity level U.S. and foreign income taxes. As a result, the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations include income tax expense related to those states and to U.S. and foreign jurisdictions where Topco LLC or any of our subsidiaries are subject to income tax. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, Topco LLC did pay tax distributions to its owners. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Topco LLC paid tax distributions of million to its owners, including million to the Company. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, Topco LLC did pay tax distributions to its owners. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Topco LLC paid tax distributions of million to its owners, including million to the Company. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 amounts for tax distributions had been accrued as such payments, if any, are made during the period. 
 
 11. 
 of the amount of certain tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of the Organizational Transactions, our initial public offering IPO and any subsequent purchases or exchanges of LLC Units of Topco LLC. The Company expects to benefit from the remaining of any cash tax savings that it realizes. 
 We recognize the amount of TRA payments expected to be paid within the next 12 months and classify this amount as current. This determination is based on our taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the current liability under the TRA was million. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had derecognized the remaining million non-current liability under the TRA after concluding it was not probable that the Company will be able to realize the remaining tax benefits based on estimates of future taxable income. The estimation of liability under the TRA is by its nature imprecise and subject to significant assumptions regarding the amount, character, and timing of the taxable income in the future. If the Company concludes in a future period that the tax benefits are more likely than not to be realized and releases its valuation allowance, the corresponding TRA liability amounts may be considered probable at that time and recorded on the consolidated balance sheet and within earnings. There have been no changes to our position from those set forth in the 2023 Form 10-K. The impact of any activity for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, including any exchanges or changes to our estimated state tax rate, will be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024 when amounts are determinable. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our liability under the TRA was million, payable to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, representing approximately of the calculated tax savings based on our estimate of taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, our liability under the TRA was million. 
 We made payments of million in the aggregate to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 pursuant to the TRA during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, of which million was related to interest. such payments were made during the three months ended September 30, 2023 or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Contribution, Exchange and Forfeiture Agreement with MLSH 1 
 In connection with the Company s acquisition of Alphazyme, which was completed in January 2023, the Company undertook a series of structuring transactions (the Structuring Transactions ), including: 
 On January 18, 2023, the Company acquired all of the outstanding membership interests in Alphazyme. 
 On January 19, 2023, the Company entered into a contribution agreement (the Contribution Agreement with Alphazyme Holdings, Inc. Alphazyme Holdings ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which the Company contributed all such membership interests in Alphazyme (the Alphazyme Membership Interest to Alphazyme Holdings. 
 On January 22, 2023, Alphazyme Holdings entered into a contribution and exchange agreement (the Contribution and Exchange Agreement with Topco LLC, pursuant to which it contributed all of the Alphazyme Membership Interests to TopCo LLC in exchange for newly-issued LLC Units of Topco LLC at a price per unit of , which was equal to the volume-weighted average price of the Company s Class A common stock as calculated on January 18, 2023 (the Contribution and Exchange ). 
 Immediately following the Contribution and Exchange, the Company entered into a forfeiture agreement (the Forfeiture Agreement with Alphazyme Holdings, TopCo LLC and MLSH 1, a related party, pursuant to which each of the Company (together with Alphazyme Holdings) and MLSH 1 agreed to forfeit and LLC Units, respectively, representing of the Company s (together with Alphazyme Holdings) and MLSH 1 s respective LLC Units of Topco LLC, and an equal number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share, were forfeited by MLSH 1, in each case for no consideration. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, for tax liabilities to MLSH 1 under this agreement. such cash distributions were made during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 12. 
 segments. A description of each segment follows: 
 Nucleic Acid Production : focuses on the manufacturing and sale of highly modified nucleic acids products to support the needs of customers research, therapeutic and vaccine programs. This segment also provides research products for labeling and detecting proteins in cells and tissue samples. 
 Biologics Safety Testing : focuses on the manufacturing and sale of host cell protein, bioprocess impurity detection, viral clearance prediction kits and associated products. This segment also provides services for custom antibody development, assay development, antibody affinity extraction and mass spectrometry that are utilized by our customers in their biologic drug manufacturing spectrum. 
 The Company has determined that adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization Adjusted EBITDA is the profit or loss measure that the CODM uses to make resource allocation decisions and evaluate segment performance. Adjusted EBITDA assists management in comparing the segment performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision-making by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect the core operations and, therefore, are not included in measuring segment performance. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as net loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, certain non-cash items and other adjustments that we do not consider in our evaluation of ongoing operating performance from period to period. Corporate costs, net of eliminations, are managed on a standalone basis and are not allocated to segments. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Biologics Safety Testing Total reportable segments revenue Intersegment eliminations ) ) Total Segment adjusted EBITDA: Nucleic Acid Production Biologics Safety Testing Total reportable segments adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation of total reportable segments adjusted EBITDA to loss before income taxes 
 Amortization ) ) ) ) Depreciation ) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Corporate costs, net of eliminations ) ) ) ) Other adjustments: Acquisition contingent consideration ) ) Acquisition integration costs ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) Merger and acquisition related expenses ) ) ) ) Financing costs ) ) Acquisition related tax adjustment ) ) Tax Receivable Agreement liability adjustment ) ) ) ) Goodwill impairment 
 ) ) Restructuring costs (1) 
 ) Other ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) Net loss ) ) ) ) 
 ___________________ 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024, there was an amount of stock-based compensation expense in connection with the restructuring included in the stock based-compensation line item. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, stock-based compensation benefit of million related to forfeited stock awards in connection with the restructuring is included on the stock-based compensation line item. 
 There was intersegment revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, intersegment revenue was between the Nucleic Acid Production and Biologics Safety Testing segments. Any intersegment revenue and the related gross margin on inventory recorded at the end of the period are eliminated for consolidation purposes. Internal selling prices for intersegment sales are consistent with the segment s normal retail price offered to external parties. There was commission expense recognized for intersegment revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 The Company does not allocate assets to its reportable segments as they are not included in the review performed by the CODM for purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 million to million, and remain undrawn as of the date hereof. No other material terms under the Credit Agreement were changed in connection with the Third Amendment. 
 Pending Acquisition of Officinae Bio 
 In November 2024, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the DNA and RNA business of Officinae Bio Officinae ), a privately held technology company with a proprietary digital platform designed with artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to support the biological design of therapeutics. The acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close in early 2025. The total consideration to acquire Officinae consisted of a base cash provisional purchase price of million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments, and potential contingent consideration payments of up to million, with million of such contingent consideration payable in cash upon the achievement of a certain milestone and up to an additional million payable in a mix of cash and shares of the Company s Class A common stock upon the achievement of certain milestones. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This discussion and analysis reflects our historical results of operations and financial position and contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Please also see the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. We were incorporated in August 2020 and, pursuant to the Organizational Transactions described in Note 1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, became a holding company whose principal asset is a controlling equity interest in Topco LLC. As the sole managing member of Topco LLC, we operate and control the business and affairs of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries. Accordingly, we consolidate Topco LLC in our consolidated financial statements and report a non-controlling interest related to the portion of Topco LLC not owned by us. Because the Organizational Transactions were considered transactions between entities under common control, the consolidated financial statements for periods prior to the Organizational Transactions and the initial public offering have been adjusted to combine the previously separate entities for presentation purposes. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to we, us or our refer to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading life sciences company providing critical products to enable the development of drug therapies, diagnostics, novel vaccines and support research on human diseases. Our customers include the top global biopharmaceutical companies ranked by research and development expenditures according to industry consultants, and many other emerging biopharmaceutical and life sciences research companies, as well as leading academic research institutions and in vitro diagnostics companies. Our products address the key phases of biopharmaceutical development and include complex nucleic acids for diagnostic and therapeutic applications, antibody-based products to detect impurities during the production of biopharmaceutical products, and products to detect the expression of proteins in tissues of various species. 
 We have and will continue to build a transformative life sciences products company by acquiring businesses and accelerating their growth through capital infusions and industry expertise. Biomedical innovation is dependent on a reliable supply of reagents in the fields of nucleic acid production, biologics safety testing and protein labeling. From inventive startups to the world s leading biopharmaceutical, vaccine, diagnostics and gene and cell therapy companies, these customers turn to us to solve their complex discovery challenges and help them streamline and scale their supply chain needs beginning from research and development through clinical trials to commercialization. 
 Our primary customers are biopharmaceutical companies who are pursuing novel research and product development programs. Our customers also include a range of government, academic and biotechnology institutions. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we employed a team of over 580 full-time employees, approximately 27 of whom have advanced degrees. 
 We primarily utilize a direct sales model for our sales to our customers in North America. Our international sales, primarily in Europe and Asia Pacific, are through a combination of third-party distributors as well as via a direct sales model. The percentage of our total revenue derived from customers in North America was 53.2 and 49.5 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The percentage of our total revenue derived from customers in North America was 51.6 and 50.9 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 We generated revenue of 65.2 million and 202.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 66.9 million and 214.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Total revenue by segment was 49.9 million in Nucleic Acid Production and 15.3 million in Biologics Safety Testing for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 51.2 million and 15.6 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Total revenue by segment was 154.4 million in Nucleic Acid Production and 48.3 million in Biologics Safety Testing for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 165.9 million and 48.9 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 We focus a substantial portion of our resources supporting our core business segments. We are actively pursuing opportunities to expand our customer base both domestically and internationally by fostering strong relationships with both existing and new 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 customers and distributors. Our management team has experience working with biopharmaceutical, vaccine, diagnostics and gene and cell therapy companies as well as academic and research scientists. We also intend to continue making investments in our overall infrastructure and business segments to support our growth. We incurred aggregate selling, general and administrative expenses of 39.1 million and 120.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 38.9 million and 112.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Our research and development efforts are geared towards supporting our customers needs. We incurred research and development expenses of 4.3 million and 14.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 4.3 million and 12.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. We intend to continue to invest in research and development and new products and technologies to support our customers needs for the foreseeable future. 
 Recent Developments 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 In connection with preparing our financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we tested our reporting units for potential goodwill impairment in response to impairment indicators identified during our forecasting process. We revised our long-term forecast to reflect lower projected near term revenues due to lower demand in research and discovery products within our Nucleic Acid Production business. This revision also considered the slower than expected transition to new mRNA clinical trials as customers prioritize existing programs and more conservatively invest in new programs as the results of continued macroeconomic pressures. As such, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test on each of our four reporting units and as a result, we concluded that the TriLink reporting unit, which is contained in the Nucleic Acid Production segment, had a carrying value that exceeded its estimated fair value. As a result, we recorded goodwill impairment of 154.2 million on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. No impairment was recorded for any of our remaining three reporting units. See Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Trends and Uncertainties 
 Our results of operations and cash flows substantially benefit from high-volume sales of our proprietary CleanCap analogs for commercial phase vaccine programs. We estimate that revenue from high-volume sales of CleanCap for commercial phase vaccine programs represented approximately 25.4 and 19.7 of our total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The amount, timing and durability of future high-volume CleanCap orders have become increasingly difficult to forecast because historical customers for such orders have been unable or unwilling to provide visibility into their anticipated future needs and plans to purchase CleanCap. If high-volume orders for CleanCap do not materialize in the future at similar or greater levels than they have in the past it will significantly decrease our revenue and cash flow which, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition in the future. 
 While we believe that the long-term trend of biopharmaceutical customers relying on outside parties to provide important inputs and services for their clinical research and manufacturing remains a long-term growth driver for us, lower demand for research and discovery products within our Nucleic Acid Production business coupled with a slower than expected mRNA clinical trial progressions negatively impacted our revenue and operating results in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, may continue and result in slower growth and/or cause a further decline in our revenues in the future. 
 Our businesses also continue to see headwinds from a general contraction in economic activity in Asia, particularly in China, which has negatively impacted our revenue derived from those markets. 
 How We Assess Our Business 
 We consider a variety of financial and operating measures in assessing the performance of our business. The key measures we use to determine how our business is performing are revenue and Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial performance measure that we define as net loss adjusted for interest, provision for income taxes, depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation expenses. Adjusted EBITDA reflects further adjustments to eliminate the impact of certain items, including certain non-cash and other items, that we do not consider representative of our ongoing operating performance. 
 Management uses Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate the financial performance of our business and the effectiveness of our business strategies. We present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe this performance measure is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry and they facilitate comparisons of performance on a 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 consistent basis across reporting periods. Further, we believe this performance measure is helpful in highlighting trends in our operating results because it excludes items that are not indicative of our core operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA is also a component of the financial covenant under the Credit Agreement that governs our ability to access more than 63.0 million in aggregate letters of credit and available borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, if we borrow more than 63.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility, we are required to maintain a specified net leverage ratio. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Agreement below for a discussion of this financial covenant. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is not a GAAP-based measure and, therefore, may have limitations as an analytical tool and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. We may in the future incur expenses similar to the adjustments in the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA. In particular, we expect to incur meaningful share-based compensation expense in the future. Other limitations include that Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect: 
 all expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 changes in our working capital needs; 
 provision for income taxes, which may be a necessary element of our costs and ability to operate; 
 the costs of replacing the assets being depreciated, which will often have to be replaced in the future; 
 the non-cash component of employee compensation expense; and 
 the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be reflective, on a recurring basis, of our ongoing operations. 
 In addition, Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of financial performance under GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue consists primarily of product revenue and, to a much lesser extent, service revenue. We generated total consolidated revenue of 65.2 million and 202.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 66.9 million and 214.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, through the following segments: (i) Nucleic Acid Production and (ii) Biologics Safety Testing. 
 Nucleic Acid Production Segment 
 Our Nucleic Acid Production segment focuses on the manufacturing and sale of highly modified nucleic acids products to support the needs of customers research, therapeutic and vaccine programs. This segment also provides research products for labeling and detecting proteins in cells and tissue samples. 
 Biologics Safety Testing Segment 
 Our Biologics Safety Testing segment focuses on manufacturing and selling biologics safety and impurity tests and assay development services that are utilized by our customers in their biologic drug manufacturing activities. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue associated with our products primarily consists of manufacturing related costs incurred in the production process, including personnel and related costs, stock-based compensation expense, inventory write-downs, costs of materials, labor and overhead, packaging and delivery costs and allocated costs, including facilities, information technology, depreciation and amortization of intangibles. Cost of revenue also includes adjustments for excess, obsolete or expired inventory, and idle capacity. Cost of revenue associated with our services primarily consists of personnel and related costs, stock-based compensation expense, cost of materials and allocated costs, including facilities and information technology costs. Costs of services were not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Our selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense for our employees in our commercial sales functions, marketing, executive, accounting and finance, legal and human resource functions as well as travel expenses, professional services fees, such as consulting, audit, tax and legal fees, general corporate costs and allocated costs, including facilities, information technology and amortization of intangibles. 
 We expect that our selling, general and administrative expenses will gradually increase in future periods, primarily due to our expanding facilities footprint to support anticipated long-term growth in the business, costs incurred in increasing our presence globally, and increases in marketing activities to drive awareness and adoption of our products and services. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development costs primarily consist of salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation expense, outside contracted services, cost of supplies, in-process research and development costs from asset acquisitions and allocated facilities costs for employees engaged in research and development of products and services. We expense all research and development costs in the period in which they are incurred. Payment made prior to the receipt of goods or services to be used in research and development are recognized as prepaid assets until the goods are received or services are rendered. 
 We expect our research and development costs will increase to support our research and development efforts, including meeting our customers needs. 
 Change in Estimated Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration consists of fair value adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities associated with completed acquisitions. These adjustments are based on our assessment of the probability of achieving certain revenue thresholds and other probability factors. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Goodwill impairment is recorded in connection with the impairment testing of our goodwill, and is performed at least annually and more frequently if changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the fair value of our reporting units may be less than the carrying amount. In connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test which resulted in goodwill impairment of 154.2 million. See Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Restructuring 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, restructuring costs (benefit) primarily consisted of the stock-based compensation benefit recognized for the forfeiture of stock awards upon the termination of certain impacted employees resulting from a Cost Realignment Plan, which was implemented in November 2023. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest costs and the related amortization of the debt discount and deferred issuance costs on our outstanding debt, changes in the fair value of our interest rate cap agreement, and interest costs on our finance lease liabilities. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash balances and short-term investments in money market funds held at financial institutions. 
 Change in Payable to Related Parties Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement 
 The Tax Receivable Agreement liability adjustment reflects changes in the Tax Receivable Agreement liability recorded in our condensed consolidated balance sheets primarily due to changes in our estimated state apportionment and the corresponding change of our estimated state tax rate. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 As a result of our ownership of LLC Units in Topco LLC, we are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to our allocable share of any taxable income of Topco LLC and will be taxed at the prevailing corporate tax rates. 
 Non-Controlling Interests 
 Non-controlling interests represent the portion of profit or loss, net assets and comprehensive income or loss of our consolidated subsidiaries that is not allocable to the Company based on our percentage of ownership of such entities. Income or loss attributed to the non-controlling interests is based on the LLC Units outstanding during the period and is presented on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024, we held approximately 56.1 of the outstanding LLC Units of Topco LLC, and MLSH 1 held approximately 43.9 of the outstanding LLC Units of Topco LLC. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The results of operations presented below should be reviewed in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. For information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements that are of significance or potential significance to us, see Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands, except per share amounts) Revenue 65,200 66,865 (2.5) Operating expenses: Cost of revenue (1) 
 36,826 36,686 0.4 Selling, general and administrative (1) 
 39,087 38,864 0.6 Research and development (1) 
 4,344 4,347 (0.1) Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration (178) 2,385 (107.5) Goodwill impairment 154,239 Restructuring (1) 
 (4) Total operating expenses 234,314 82,282 184.8 Loss from operations (169,114) (15,417) 996.9 Other expense, net 
 (6,530) (5,146) 26.9 Loss before income taxes (175,644) (20,563) 754.2 Income tax expense (benefit) 311 (5,461) (105.7) Net loss (175,955) (15,102) 1065.1 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests (76,917) (8,640) 790.2 Net loss attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. (99,038) (6,462) 1432.6 Net loss per Class A common share attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., basic and diluted (0.70) (0.05) Weighted average number of Class A common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 141,555 131,930 Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP financial measure) 
 12,739 11,900 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands, except per share amounts) Revenue 202,779 214,804 (5.6) Operating expenses: Cost of revenue (1) 
 113,432 113,635 (0.2) Selling, general and administrative (1) 
 120,528 112,912 6.7 Research and development (1) 
 14,660 12,686 15.6 Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration (1,373) 69 Goodwill impairment 154,239 Restructuring (1) 
 (1,220) Total operating expenses 400,266 239,302 67.3 Loss from operations (197,487) (24,498) 706.1 Other expense, net 
 (17,493) (13,952) 25.4 Loss before income taxes (214,980) (38,450) 459.1 Income tax benefit 
 (1,853) (10,057) (81.6) Net loss (213,127) (28,393) 650.6 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests (94,426) (15,323) 516.2 Net loss attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. (118,701) (13,070) 808.2 Net loss per Class A common share attributable to Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc., basic and diluted (0.87) (0.10) Weighted average number of Class A common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 136,595 131,845 Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP financial measure) 
 37,451 44,775 
 ____________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense (benefit) as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Cost of revenue 2,470 2,169 13.9 Selling, general and administrative 9,294 7,094 31.0 Research and development 1,280 724 76.8 Restructuring 
 6 Total stock-based compensation expense 13,050 9,987 30.7 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Cost of revenue 7,801 5,676 37.4 Selling, general and administrative 28,594 17,647 62.0 Research and development 3,696 1,923 92.2 Restructuring 
 (1,221) Total stock-based compensation expense 38,870 25,246 54.0 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue 
 Consolidated revenue by segment was as follows for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenue 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Nucleic Acid Production 49,947 51,228 (2.5) 76.6 76.6 Biologics Safety Testing 15,253 15,637 (2.5) 23.4 23.4 Total revenue 65,200 66,865 (2.5) 100.0 100.0 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenue 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Nucleic Acid Production 154,446 165,944 (6.9) 76.2 77.3 Biologics Safety Testing 48,333 48,860 (1.1) 23.8 22.7 Total revenue 202,779 214,804 (5.6) 100.0 100.0 
 Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Total revenue was 65.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 66.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing a decrease of 1.7 million, or 2.5 . 
 Nucleic Acid Production revenue decreased from 51.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 49.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, representing a decrease of 1.3 million, or 2.5 . The decrease in Nucleic Acid Production revenue was primarily driven by lower demand for research and discovery products. 
 Biologics Safety Testing revenue decreased from 15.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 15.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, representing a decrease of 0.4 million, or 2.5 . The decrease in Biologics Safety Testing revenue was primarily driven by lower demand in the bioprocessing market. 
 Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Total revenue was 202.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 214.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing a decrease of 12.0 million, or 5.6 . 
 Nucleic Acid Production revenue decreased from 165.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 154.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing a decrease of 11.5 million, or 6.9 . The decrease in Nucleic Acid Production revenue was primarily driven by lower demand for research and discovery products. 
 Biologics Safety Testing revenue decreased from 48.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 48.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing a decrease of 0.5 million, or 1.1 , which was not significant. 
 
 Segment Information 
 Management has determined that adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization is the profit or loss measure used to make resource allocation decisions and evaluate segment performance. Adjusted EBITDA assists management in comparing the segment performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision-making by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect the core operations and, therefore, are not included in measuring segment performance. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, certain non-cash items and other adjustments that we do not consider in our evaluation of ongoing operating performance from period to period. Corporate costs, net of eliminations, are managed on a standalone basis and are not allocated to segments. 
 We do not allocate assets to our reportable segments as they are not included in the review performed by our Chief Operating Decision Maker for purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources. 
 As of September 30, 2024, all of our long-lived assets were located within the United States. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The following schedule includes revenue and adjusted EBITDA for each of our reportable operating segments (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Nucleic Acid Production 49,947 51,228 154,446 165,944 Biologics Safety Testing 15,253 15,638 48,333 48,863 Total reportable segments revenue 65,200 66,866 202,779 214,807 Intersegment eliminations (1) (3) Total 65,200 66,865 202,779 214,804 Segment adjusted EBITDA: Nucleic Acid Production 15,456 16,591 46,845 58,656 Biologics Safety Testing 10,928 11,246 34,299 35,307 Total reportable segments adjusted EBITDA 26,384 27,837 81,144 93,963 Reconciliation of total reportable segments adjusted EBITDA to loss before income taxes Amortization (6,891) (6,870) (20,629) (20,487) Depreciation (5,044) (4,071) (15,386) (8,966) Interest expense (13,634) (11,637) (36,437) (30,492) Interest income 7,071 7,432 21,367 20,268 Corporate costs, net of eliminations (13,645) (15,937) (43,693) (49,188) Other adjustments: Acquisition contingent consideration 178 (2,385) 1,373 (69) Acquisition integration costs (919) (3,268) (4,641) (9,198) Stock-based compensation (13,050) (9,987) (38,870) (25,246) Merger and acquisition related expenses (833) (46) (863) (3,708) Financing costs (114) (114) Acquisition related tax adjustment 67 77 (2,374) (1,370) Tax Receivable Agreement liability adjustment (39) (1,007) (39) (2,342) Goodwill impairment (154,239) (154,239) Restructuring costs (1) 
 10 (1) Other (946) (701) (1,578) (1,615) Loss before income taxes (175,644) (20,563) (214,980) (38,450) Income tax (expense) benefit (311) 5,461 1,853 10,057 Net loss (175,955) (15,102) (213,127) (28,393) 
 ___________________ 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024, there was an immaterial amount of stock-based compensation expense in connection with the restructuring included in the stock based-compensation line item. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, stock-based compensation benefit of 1.2 million related to forfeited stock awards in connection with the restructuring is included on the stock-based compensation line item. 
 There was no intersegment revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, intersegment revenue was immaterial between the Nucleic Acid Production and Biologics Safety Testing segments. Any intersegment revenue and the related gross margin on inventory recorded at the end of the period are eliminated for consolidation purposes. Internal selling prices for intersegment sales are consistent with the segment s normal retail price offered to external parties. There was no commission expense recognized for intersegment revenue for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP Financial Measure) 
 A reconciliation of net loss to adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial performance measure, is set forth below (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (175,955) (15,102) (213,127) (28,393) Add: Amortization 6,891 6,870 20,629 20,487 Depreciation 5,044 4,071 15,386 8,966 Interest expense 13,634 11,637 36,437 30,492 Interest income (7,071) (7,432) (21,367) (20,268) Income tax expense (benefit) 311 (5,461) (1,853) (10,057) EBITDA (157,146) (5,417) (163,895) 1,227 Acquisition contingent consideration (1) 
 (178) 2,385 (1,373) 69 Acquisition integration costs (2) 
 919 3,268 4,641 9,198 Stock-based compensation (3) 
 13,050 9,987 38,870 25,246 Merger and acquisition related expenses (4) 
 833 46 863 3,708 Financing costs (5) 
 114 114 Acquisition related tax adjustment (6) 
 (67) (77) 2,374 1,370 Tax Receivable Agreement liability adjustment (7) 
 39 1,007 39 2,342 Goodwill impairment (8) 
 154,239 154,239 Restructuring costs (9) 
 (10) 1 Other (10) 
 946 701 1,578 1,615 Adjusted EBITDA 12,739 11,900 37,451 44,775 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Refers to the change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration related to completed acquisitions. 
 (2) Refers to incremental costs incurred to execute and integrate completed acquisitions, including retention payments related to integration that were negotiated specifically at the time of, the Company s acquisition of MyChem, LLC MyChem and Alphazyme, LLC Alphazyme ), which were completed in January 2022 and January 2023, respectively. These retention payments arise from the Company s agreements executed in connection with its acquisitions of MyChem and Alphazyme and provide incremental financial incentives, over and above recurring compensation, to ensure the employees of these companies remain present and participate in integration of the acquired businesses during the integration and knowledge transfer periods. The Company agreed to pay certain employees of Alphazyme retention payments totaling 9.3 million as of various dates but primarily through December 31, 2025, as long as these individuals continue to be employed by the Company. The Company agreed to pay the sellers of MyChem retention payments totaling 20.0 million as of the second anniversary of the closing of the acquisition date as long as two senior employees (who were also the sellers of MyChem) continue to be employed by TriLink. The Company considers the payment of these retention payments as probable and is recognizing compensation expense related to these payments in the post-acquisition period ratably over the service period. Retention payment expenses were 0.8 million (Alphazyme 0.8 million) and 4.3 million (MyChem 1.8 million; Alphazyme 2.5 million) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Retention payment expenses were 3.1 million (MyChem 2.4 million; Alphazyme 0.7 million) and 8.6 million (MyChem 6.8 million; Alphazyme 1.8 million) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Retention expenses for MyChem concluded in the first quarter of 2024, and following the payments in the first quarter of 2024, there are no further retention expenses payable for MyChem. The remaining retention accrual for Alphazyme is 4.2 million, expected to be accrued ratably each quarter through December 31, 2025, with payments expected to be made in the first quarter of 2026. There are no further cash-based retention payments planned, other than those disclosed above, for acquisitions completed as of September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Refers to non-cash expense associated with stock-based compensation. 
 (4) Refers to diligence, legal, accounting, tax and consulting fees incurred associated with acquisitions that were pursued but not consummated. 
 (5) Refers to transaction costs related to the refinancing of our long-term debt that are not capitalizable. 
 (6) Refers to non-cash (income) expense associated with adjustments to the indemnification asset recorded in connection with the acquisition of MyChem. 
 (7) Refers to the adjustment of the Tax Receivable Agreement liability primarily due to changes in our estimated state apportionment and the corresponding change of our estimated state tax rate. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 (8) Refers to goodwill impairment recorded for our Nucleic Acid Production segment. 
 (9) Refers to restructuring costs (benefit) associated with the Cost Realignment Plan, which was implemented in November 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, stock-based compensation benefit of 1.2 million related to forfeited stock awards in connection with the restructuring is included on the stock-based compensation line item. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, such amount was immaterial. 
 (10) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, refers to loss on abandoned projects, severance payments, inventory step-up charges and certain other adjustments in connection with the acquisition of Alphazyme, and other non-recurring costs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, refers to severance payments, legal settlement amounts, inventory step-up charges in connection with the acquisition of Alphazyme, certain working capital and other adjustments related to the acquisition of MyChem, and other non-recurring costs. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses included the following for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenue 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Cost of revenue 36,826 36,686 0.4 56.5 54.9 Selling, general and administrative 39,087 38,864 0.6 59.9 58.1 Research and development 4,344 4,347 (0.1) 6.7 6.5 Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration (178) 2,385 (107.5) (0.3) 3.6 Goodwill impairment 154,239 236.6 Restructuring 
 (4) 0.0 Total operating expenses 234,314 82,282 184.8 359.4 123.1 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenue 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Cost of revenue 113,432 113,635 (0.2) 56.0 52.9 Selling, general and administrative 120,528 112,912 6.7 59.4 52.6 Research and development 14,660 12,686 15.6 7.2 5.9 Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration (1,373) 69 (0.7) 0.0 Goodwill impairment 154,239 76.1 Restructuring 
 (1,220) (0.6) Total operating expenses 400,266 239,302 67.3 197.4 111.4 
 ____________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Cost of revenue increased by 0.1 million from 36.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 36.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, or 0.4 , which was not significant. 
 Gross profit margin decreased by 1.6 from 45.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 43.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which was not significant. 
 Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Cost of revenue decreased by 0.2 million from 113.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 113.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, or 0.2 , which was not significant. 
 Gross profit margin decreased by 3.0 from 47.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 44.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease in gross profit margin was primarily attributable to higher stock-based compensation, facilities, and depreciation expense as a percentage of sales. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 0.2 million from 38.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 39.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, or 0.6 , which was not significant. 
 Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 7.6 million from 112.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 120.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, or 6.7 . The increase was primarily driven by increases of 10.9 million in stock-based compensation expense and 5.2 million in depreciation expense driven by new facilities and an increase in assets placed in service during the current year. These were partially offset by a decrease of 6.7 million in professional service fees primarily driven by lower expenses related to merger and acquisitions, legal costs, and contract services, as well as further decreases of 1.3 million in marketing expenses and 0.5 million in personnel expenses primarily as a result of the Cost Realignment Plan, which was implemented in November 2023. 
 Research and Development 
 Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Research and development expenses were 4.3 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Research and development expenses increased by 2.0 million from 12.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 14.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, or 15.6 . The increase in expenses compared to the prior year was primarily driven by increases of 1.8 million in stock-based compensation expense, 1.2 million in professional service fees for external analytic studies, 0.8 million in supplies and materials, and 0.3 million in depreciation expense. 
 Change in Estimated Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The increase in change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration of 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was due to an increase in estimated fair value of the liability for the contingent payments associated with the acquisition of Alphazyme. 
 Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The decrease in change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration of 1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to a decrease in estimated fair value of the liability for the contingent payments associated with the acquisition of Alphazyme. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Comparison of Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 In connection with preparing our financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we tested our reporting units for potential goodwill impairment in response to impairment indicators identified during our forecasting process. We revised our long-term forecast to reflect lower projected near term revenues due to lower demand in research and discovery products within our Nucleic Acid Production business. This revision also considered the slower than expected transition to new mRNA clinical trials as customers prioritize existing programs and more conservatively invest in new programs as the results of continued macroeconomic pressures. As such, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test on each of our four reporting units and as a result, we concluded that the TriLink reporting unit, which is contained in the Nucleic Acid Production segment, had a carrying value that exceeded its estimated fair value. As a result, we recorded goodwill impairment of 154.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring 
 Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, restructuring charges were not significant. 
 Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, restructuring costs (benefit) primarily consists of the stock-based compensation benefit recognized for the forfeiture of stock awards upon the termination of certain impacted employees resulting from a Cost Realignment Plan, which was implemented in November 2023. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) included the following for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenue 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Interest expense (13,634) (11,637) 17.2 (20.9) (17.4) Interest income 7,071 7,432 (4.9) 10.9 11.1 Change in payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement (39) (1,007) (96.1) (0.1) (1.5) Other income (expense) 72 66 9.1 0.1 0.1 Total other expense (6,530) (5,146) 26.9 (10.0) (7.7) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenue 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Interest expense (36,437) (30,492) 19.5 (17.9) (14.2) Interest income 21,367 20,268 5.4 10.5 9.4 Change in payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement (39) (2,342) (98.3) 0.0 (1.1) Other income (expense) (2,384) (1,386) 72.0 (1.2) (0.6) Total other expense (17,493) (13,952) 25.4 (8.6) (6.5) 
 ____________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Other expense was 5.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 compared to 6.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 1.4 million, or 26.9 . The increase was primarily attributable to a 2.0 million increase in interest expense primarily due to changes in the fair value of our interest rate cap agreement. The increase in Other expense was further driven by a 0.4 million decrease in interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalent balances, which included short-term investments in money market funds. These increases were offset by the change in payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement of 1.0 million in the prior year as a result of changes in our estimated state income tax apportionment and a corresponding change in our estimated state income tax rate. 
 Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Other expense was 14.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 compared to 17.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 3.5 million, or 25.4 . The increase was primarily attributable to a 5.9 million increase in interest expense primarily due to changes in the fair value of our interest rate cap agreement and higher interest costs on our finance lease liabilities. The increase was further driven by a 1.0 million adjustment to the indemnification asset recorded in connection with the acquisition of MyChem. These increases were offset by the change in payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement of 2.3 million in the prior year as a result of changes in our estimated state income tax apportionment and a corresponding change in our estimated state income tax rate, and a 1.1 million increase in interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalent balances, which included short-term investments in money market funds. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Relationship with GTCR, LLC GTCR 
 As of September 30, 2024, investment entities affiliated with GTCR collectively controlled approximately 52 of the voting power of our common stock, which enables GTCR to control the vote of all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders and to control the election of members of our Board of Directors and all other corporate decisions. 
 We made cash distributions of 0.6 million and 9.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for tax liabilities to MLSH 1, which is controlled by investment entities affiliates with GTCR and is the only holder of LLC Units other than us and our wholly owned subsidiaries. No such cash distributions were made during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 We are also a party to a Tax Receivable Agreement, or TRA, with MLSH 1, which is primarily owned by GTCR, and MLSH 2 (see Note 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q). The TRA provides for the payment by us to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, collectively, of 85 of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, from exchanges of LLC Units (together with the corresponding shares of Class B common stock) for Class A common stock, as a result of (i) certain increases in the tax basis of assets of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries resulting from purchases or exchanges of LLC Units, (ii) certain tax attributes of the entities acquired from MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 in connection with the Organizational Transactions, Topco LLC and subsidiaries of Topco LLC that existed prior to the IPO, and (iii) certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the TRA, including tax benefits attributable to payments that we make under the TRA (collectively, the Tax Attributes ). Payment obligations under the TRA are not conditioned upon any Topco LLC unitholders maintaining a continued ownership interest in us or Topco LLC, and the rights of MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 under the TRA are assignable. There is no stated term for the TRA, and the TRA will continue until all tax benefits have been utilized or expired unless we exercise our right to terminate the TRA for an agreed-upon amount. 
 We recognize the amount of TRA payments expected to be paid within the next 12 months and classify this amount as current. As of September 30, 2024, our current liability under the TRA was 7.2 million. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had derecognized the remaining 665.3 million non-current liability under the TRA after concluding it was not probable that the Company will be able to realize the remaining tax benefits based on estimates of future taxable income. There have been no changes to our position from those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. The impact of any activity for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, including any exchanges or changes to our estimated state tax rate, will be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024 when amounts are determinable. The estimation of liability under the TRA is by its nature imprecise and subject to significant assumptions regarding the amount, character, and timing of the taxable income in the future. If the Company concludes in a future period that the tax benefits are more likely than not to be realized and releases its valuation allowance, the corresponding TRA liability amounts may be considered probable at that time and recorded on the consolidated balance sheet and within earnings. 
 We made payments of 42.6 million in the aggregate to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 pursuant to the TRA during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, of which 0.4 million was related to interest. No such payments were made during the three months ended September 30, 2023 or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 We have financed our operations primarily from cash flow from operations, borrowings under long-term debt agreements and, to a lesser extent, the sale of our Class A common stock. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 578.2 million and retained earnings of 167.0 million. We had positive cash flow from operations of 22.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 We have historically relied on revenue derived from product and services sales, and proceeds from equity and debt financings to fund our operations to date. 
 Our principal uses of cash have been to fund operations, acquisitions and capital expenditures, as well as make tax distributions to MLSH 1, make TRA payments to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 and make interest payments and mandatory principal payments on our long-term debt. 
 We plan to utilize our existing cash on hand, together with cash generated from operations, primarily to fund our commercial and marketing activities associated with our products and services, continued research and development initiatives, and ongoing investments into our manufacturing facilities to create efficiencies and build capacity. We believe our cash on hand, cash 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 generated from operations and continued access to our credit facilities, will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements over the next 12 months and beyond. 
 As a result of our ownership of LLC Units in Topco LLC, the Company is subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to its allocable share of any taxable income of Topco LLC and is taxed at the prevailing corporate tax rates. In addition to tax expenses, we also will incur expenses related to our operations and we may be required to make payments under the TRA with MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. Due to the uncertainty of various factors, we cannot precisely quantify the likely tax benefits we will realize as a result of LLC Unit exchanges and the resulting amounts we are likely to pay out to LLC Unitholders of Topco LLC pursuant to the TRA. The foregoing numbers are estimates and the actual payments could differ materially. We expect to fund these payments using cash on hand and cash generated from operations. We expect that probable future payments under the TRA relating to the purchase by the Company of LLC Units from MLSH 1 and the corresponding tax attributes will be approximately 7.2 million. This determination is based on our taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we determined that making a payment under the non-current portion of the TRA was not probable under Accounting Standards Codification 450 - Contingencies as a result of a valuation allowance having been recorded against our deferred tax assets and, therefore, that it is more likely than not that we will not generate sufficient future taxable income to utilize related tax benefits that will result in a payment under the TRA. There have been no changes to our position from those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. The impact of any activity for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, including any exchanges or changes to our estimated state tax rate, will be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024 when amounts are determinable. 
 As a result of a change of control, material breach, or our election to terminate the TRA early, (1) we could be required to make cash payments to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 that are greater than the specified percentage of the actual benefits we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to the TRA, and (2) we will be required to make an immediate cash payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of the TRA, which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. In these situations, our obligations under the TRA could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations, or other changes of control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the TRA. 
 In addition to payments to be made under the TRA, we are also required to make tax distributions to MLSH 1 pursuant to the LLC Operating Agreement for the portion of income passing through to them from Topco LLC. We made cash distributions of 0.6 million and 9.6 million during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. No such cash distributions were made during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 In October 2020, Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC Intermediate ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Topco LLC, along with certain of its subsidiaries (together with Intermediate, the Borrowers ), entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), which provides for a term loan facility and a revolving credit facility. In January 2022, the Company entered into an amendment (the Amendment to refinance the term loan and to replace London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR with a Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR based rate. 
 As amended, the Credit Agreement provides for a 600.0 million term loan facility, maturing October 2027 (the Term Loan ), and a 180.0 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). 
 As of September 30, 2024, the effective interest rate on the Term Loan was 8.28 per annum. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Credit Agreement also provides availability under the Revolving Credit Facility for letters of credit with a limit of 20.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a 0.5 million outstanding letter of credit as security for a lease agreement, which reduced the availability for letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility to 19.5 million. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by Topco LLC, together with the existing and future material domestic subsidiaries of Topco LLC (subject to certain exceptions), as specified in the respective guaranty agreements. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are also secured by a first-priority lien and security interest in substantially all of the assets (subject to certain exceptions) of existing and future material domestic subsidiaries of Topco LLC that are loan parties. 
 The Term Loan requires mandatory quarterly principal payments of 1.4 million which began in March 2022, with all remaining outstanding principal due on maturity in October 2027. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Credit Agreement requires that we make mandatory prepayments on the Term Loan principal upon certain excess cash flow, subject to certain step-downs based on the Company s first lien net leverage ratio. The excess cash flow shall be reduced to 25 or 0 of the calculated excess cash flow if the Company s first lien net leverage ratio was equal to or less than 4.75:1.00 or 4.25:1.00, respectively, however, no prepayment shall be required to the extent excess cash flow calculated for the respective period is equal to or less than 10.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s first lien net leverage ratio was less than 4.25:1.00. Thus, a mandatory prepayment on the Term Loan out of our excess cash flow was not required. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, including, among other things, covenants limiting our ability to incur or prepay certain indebtedness, pay dividends or distributions, dispose of assets, engage in mergers and consolidations, make acquisitions or other investments and make changes to the nature of the business. Additionally, the Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a certain net leverage ratio if the outstanding debt balance on the Revolving Credit Facility exceeds 35.0 of the aggregate amount of available credit of 180.0 million, or 63.0 million. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 We are a party to the TRA with MLSH 1 and MLSH 2. The TRA provides for the payment by us to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2, collectively, of 85 of the amount of certain tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of the Organizational Transactions, IPO and any subsequent purchases or exchanges of LLC Units of Topco LLC. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our current liability under the TRA was 7.2 million, representing 85 of the calculated tax savings we expect to utilize for the year ended December 31, 2023. We may record additional liabilities under the TRA when LLC Units are exchanged in the future and as our estimates of the future utilization of the Tax Attributes, net operating losses and other tax benefits change. We expect to make payments under the TRA, to the extent they are required, within 125 days after the extended due date of our U.S. federal income tax return for such taxable year. Interest on such payments will begin to accrue from the due date (without extensions) of such tax return at a rate of LIBOR (or, if LIBOR ceases to be published, a Replacement Rate) plus 100 basis points. Generally, any late payments will continue to accrue interest at LIBOR (or a Replacement Rate, as applicable) plus 500 basis points until such payments are made. Given the cessation of LIBOR, we have transitioned to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as the applicable Replacement Rate as allowable under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 The payment obligations under the TRA are obligations of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. and not of Topco LLC. Although the actual timing and amount of any payments that may be made under the TRA will vary, the aggregate payments that we will be required to make to MLSH 1 and MLSH 2 may be substantial. Any payments made by us under the TRA will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us or to Topco LLC and, to the extent that we are unable to make payments under the TRA for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us. We anticipate funding ordinary course payments under the TRA from cash flow from operations of Topco LLC and its subsidiaries, available cash and/or available borrowings under the Credit Agreement. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we determined that making a payment under the non-current portion of the TRA was not probable under Accounting Standards Codification 450 - Contingencies as a result of a valuation allowance having been recorded against our deferred tax assets, and therefore, that it is more likely than not that we will not generate sufficient future taxable income to utilize related tax benefits that would result in a payment under the TRA. There have been no changes to our position from those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. The impact of any activity for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, including any exchanges or changes to our estimated state tax rate, will be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024 when amounts are determinable. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 22,103 118,434 Investing activities (19,385) (109,407) Financing activities 477 (61,560) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 3,195 (52,533) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 22.1 million, which was primarily attributable to non-cash depreciation and amortization of 36.0 million, non-cash amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets of 6.3 million, non-cash amortization of deferred financing costs of 2.2 million, non-cash stock-based compensation of 38.9 million, and non-cash goodwill impairment of 154.2 million. These were partially offset by a net loss of 213.1 million, non-cash gain on the change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration of 1.4 million, and net cash outflow from the change in our operating assets and liabilities of 2.6 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 19.4 million, which was primarily comprised of cash outflows of 23.8 million for property and equipment purchases, offset by proceeds from government assistance allocated to property and equipment of 5.4 million, and cash outflows of 1.0 million for the purchase of technology. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.5 million, which was primarily attributable to proceeds from the interest rate cap agreement of 7.1 million. This was partially offset by 4.1 million of principal repayments of long-term debt, 1.5 million of tax payments for shares withheld under employee equity plans, net of proceeds from the issuance of shares of our Class A common stock, 0.6 million of cash distributions for tax liabilities to MLSH 1, as required pursuant to the terms of the LLC Operating Agreement, and 0.5 million of payments of finance lease liabilities. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 18.4 million, which is net of government funding under the Cooperative Agreement of 5.4 million. Capital expenditures for the year ending December 31, 2024 are projected to be approximately 30.0 million, which is net of anticipated government funding recognized. This primarily includes leasehold improvements and equipment primarily for the Flanders San Diego Facility. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 
 Payments due by period Total 1 year 2 - 3 years 4 - 5 years 5+ years Operating leases (1) 
 59,543 10,504 19,711 18,206 11,122 Finance leases (2) 
 32,038 3,402 7,112 7,545 13,979 Debt obligations (3) 
 529,040 5,440 10,880 512,720 TRA payments (4) 
 7,225 7,225 Unconditional purchase obligations (5) 
 2,222 1,691 531 Total 630,068 28,262 38,234 538,471 25,101 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ____________________ 
 (1) Represents operating lease payment obligations, excluding any renewal options we are reasonably certain to execute and have recognized as lease liabilities. 
 (2) Represents finance lease payment obligations, excluding any renewal options we are reasonably certain to execute and have recognized as lease liabilities. 
 (3) Represents long-term debt principal maturities, excluding interest. See Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 (4) Reflects the estimated timing of the current TRA liability payment as of September 30, 2024. See Note 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding our liability under the TRA. 
 (5) Represents firm purchase commitments to our suppliers. See Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 Cash distributions for owner tax liabilities are required under the terms of the LLC Operating Agreement. See Note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding tax distributions. 
 Commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Credit Agreement requires that we make mandatory prepayments of the Term Loan principal upon certain excess cash flow, subject to certain step-downs based on our first lien net leverage ratio. The mandatory prepayment shall be reduced to 25 or 0 of the calculated excess cash flow if the first lien net leverage ratio was equal to or less than 4.75:1.00 or 4.25:1.00, respectively; however, no prepayment shall be required to the extent excess cash flow calculated for the respective period is equal to or less than 10.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, our first lien net leverage ratio was less than 4.25:1.00. 
 In connection with our acquisition of Alphazyme, which was completed in January 2023, we were initially required to make contingent payments of up to 75.0 million to the sellers of Alphazyme dependent upon Alphazyme meeting or exceeding defined revenue targets during each of the fiscal years 2023 through 2025. For the first performance period which ended on December 31, 2023, it was determined that the defined revenue target was not achieved. Consequently, no payment for contingent consideration was made to the sellers of Alphazyme in 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we may be required to make contingent payments to the sellers of Alphazyme of up to 45.0 million for the remaining two performance periods. We may also be required to make certain retention payments of 9.3 million to its sellers and certain employees as of various dates but primarily through December 31, 2025 as long as these individuals continue to be employed by the Company. We cannot, at this time, determine when or if the related targets will be achieved or whether the events triggering the commencement of payment obligations will occur. Therefore, such payments were not included in the table above. See Note 4 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our interim condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, and any such difference may be material. For a discussion of how these and other factors may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 The critical accounting estimates that we believe affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements presented in this report are described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Except as noted below, there have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies or estimates from those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Goodwill 
 We evaluate goodwill at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and on an interim basis if events and circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Such indicators could include, but 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 are not limited to, current economic and market conditions, including a decline in market capitalization, a significant adverse change in legal factors, business climate, operational performance of the business or loss of key personnel. We perform our annual impairment test in the fourth quarter. 
 We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, including goodwill. If management concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, management performs a quantitative goodwill impairment test. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. 
 In connection with preparing our financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we tested our reporting units for potential goodwill impairment in response to impairment indicators identified during our forecasting process. We revised our long-term forecast to reflect lower projected near term revenues due to lower demand in research and discovery products within our Nucleic Acid Production business. This revision also considered the slower than expected transition to new mRNA clinical trials as customers prioritize existing programs and more conservatively invest in new programs as the results of continued macroeconomic pressures. As such, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test and compared our reporting units fair values to their respective carrying values to determine whether goodwill was impaired. We performed the impairment test using a combination of the income and the market approach to evaluate whether the fair value of each reporting unit was less than its carrying value. The income approach utilizes a discounted cash flow model, incorporating both internal estimates and market-based data, while the market approach utilizes comparable company information. The significant assumptions in the discounted cash flow models vary amongst, and are specific to, each reporting unit and include, but are not limited to, discount rates, projected revenue growth rates (including terminal growth rates) and operating margin percentages. Discount rates were determined using a weighted average cost of capital specific to each reporting unit and other market and industry data. These assumptions were formulated with consideration of prevailing market conditions and anticipated developments, including new product and service initiatives, competitive dynamics, and broader economic factors. The result of the quantitative analysis indicated that the fair value of the TriLink reporting unit did not exceed its carrying value and consequently resulted in a 154.2 million impairment charge. 
 The excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value (expressed as a percentage of carrying value for the respective reporting unit) for the three reporting units not impaired, ranged from approximately 28 to approximately 245 . In order to evaluate the sensitivity of the fair value calculations used in the goodwill impairment test, we applied a hypothetical 10 decrease to the fair values of each reporting unit and compared those hypothetical values to the reporting unit carrying values. Based on this hypothetical 10 decrease, the excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value (expressed as a percentage of carrying value for the respective reporting unit) for the three reporting units not impaired, ranged from approximately 16 to approximately 211 . However, to the extent that we continue to experience declines in financial performance or experience other impairment indicators, such as industry and market considerations, or that the fair values of our reporting units are less than their carrying values, there could be a risk of goodwill impairment of our reporting units in future periods. For the TriLink reporting unit, the impairment loss recognized during the period was equal to the total amount of goodwill included in the reporting unit. 
 Recoverability and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We review the recoverability of our long-lived assets (including finite-lived intangible assets) if events or circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired. We measure recoverability of assets by comparing the respective carrying value of the assets to the current and expected future cash flows, on an undiscounted basis, to be generated from such assets. If our analysis indicates that the carrying value of these assets is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment based on the amount by which the net carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair values of the assets. 
 In conjunction with the goodwill impairment assessment performed in preparing our financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we also evaluated the recoverability of our long-lived assets (including finite-lived intangible assets). Based on the interim impairment test, the carrying value of the assets did not exceed the current and expected future cash flows, on an undiscounted basis, to be generated from such assets. As a result, we determined a fair value analysis was not necessary as of September 30, 2024. However, to the extent that we continue to experience declines in financial performance or experience other impairment indicators, such as industry and market considerations, or that the fair values of our assets are less than their carrying values, there could be a risk of impairment of our long-lived assets in future periods. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a description of the expected impact of recent accounting pronouncements, if any, see Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of September 30, 2024, our primary exposure to interest rate risk was associated with our variable rate long-term debt. Borrowings under our Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to the Base Rate plus a margin of 2.00 , with respect to each Base Rate-based loan, or the Term SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) plus a margin of 3.00 with respect to each Term SOFR-based loan, subject in each case to an applicable Base Rate or Term SOFR floor (see Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q). Interest rates can fluctuate for a number of reasons, including changes in the fiscal and monetary policies or geopolitical events or changes in general economic conditions. This could adversely affect our cash flows. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have an interest rate cap agreement in place to hedge a portion of our variable interest rate risk on our outstanding long-term debt. The agreement has a contract notional amount of 500.0 million and entitles us to receive from the counterparty at each calendar quarter end the amount, if any, by which a specified floating market rate exceeds the cap strike interest rate. The floating interest rate is reset at the end of each three-month period. The contract expires on January 19, 2025. 
 We had 529.0 million of outstanding borrowings under our Term Loan and no outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the effect of a hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in overall interest rates would have changed our interest expense by approximately 1.4 million and 4.0 million, respectively. 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 578.2 million as of September 30, 2024. Given the short-term nature of our investments, we do not believe there is any material risk to the value of our investments with increases or decreases in interest rates. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 All of our revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars. Although approximately 46.8 and 50.5 of our revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, was derived from international sales, primarily in Europe and Asia Pacific, all of these sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. The majority of our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which they are incurred, which is primarily in the United States. As we endeavor to expand our presence in international markets, to the extent we are required to enter into agreements denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, results of operations and cash flows may increasingly be subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. To date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in currency rates. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various legal proceedings and subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims are inherently unpredictable and uncertain, we are not currently a party to any legal proceedings the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, are believed to, either individually or taken together, have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. Regardless of the outcome, litigation has the potential to have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed under the heading Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Insider Trading Arrangements 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s other directors or officers (as defined in Section 16 of the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408(a) and (c) of Regulation S-K). 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. dated November 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. dated November 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.1 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated September 10, 2024, among Maravai Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Cygnus Technologies, LLC, TriLink Biotechnologies, LLC, Maravai Topco Holdings, LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and the other lenders and parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Maravai Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in exhibit 101) 
 _______________ 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference in such filing. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. By: /s/ Kevin Herde Name: Kevin Herde Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 52 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mrvi-q32024form10xqxex311x.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, William E. Martin, III, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 
 s William E. Martin, III William E. Martin, III Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mrvi-q32024form10xqxex312x.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Kevin Herde, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Kevin Herde Kevin Herde Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mrvi-q32024xform10xqxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, William E. Martin, III, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 
 s William E. Martin, III William E. Martin, III Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 mrvi-q32024xform10xqxex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Kevin Herde, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 
 s Kevin Herde Kevin Herde Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mrvi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mrvi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mrvi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mrvi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mrvi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

