<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1533998_0001558370-24-014735.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11756795</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118193</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1512544</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4469862</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1962273</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3347522</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014735.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107060545
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014735
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DarioHealth Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001533998
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				452973162
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37704
		FILM NUMBER:		241432888

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		322 W 57TH ST. #33B
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-4-770-6377

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		322 W 57TH ST. #33B
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LabStyle Innovations Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014735.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 drio-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File No. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) )-4 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) n/a (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered The Capital Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 5 , 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. When used in this quarterly report, the terms DarioHealth, the Company, we, our, and us refer to DarioHealth Corp., a Delaware corporation, our subsidiaries LabStyle Innovation Ltd., an Israeli company, Twill Inc., a Delaware company, PsyInnovations Inc., a Delaware company, and DarioHealth India Services Pvt. Ltd., an Indian company. Dario is registered as a trademark in the United States, Israel, China, Canada, Hong Kong, South Africa, Japan, Costa Rica and Panama. DarioHealth is registered as a trademark in the United States and Israel. 

Table of Contents 
 DarioHealth Corp. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 3 PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Interim Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) F-1 Interim Consolidated Balance Sheets F-2 F-3 Interim Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss F-4 Interim Statements of Stockholders Equity F- 5 F-6 Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Interim Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 F-34 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 4 Item 4. Control and Procedures 14 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 15 Item 1A. Risk Factors 15 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 17 Item 5. Other Information 18 Item 6. Exhibits 18 SIGNATURES 19 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including in Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere herein may address or relate to future events and expectations and as such constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements which are not historical reflect our current expectations and projections about our future results, performance, liquidity, financial condition, prospects and opportunities and are based upon information currently available to us and our management and their interpretation of what is believed to be significant factors affecting our business, including many assumptions regarding future events. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things: our current and future capital requirements and our ability to satisfy our capital needs through financing transactions or otherwise; our product launches and market penetration plans; the execution of agreements with various providers for our solution; our ability to maintain our relationships with key partners, including Sanofi U.S. Services Inc. Sanofi our ability to complete required clinical trials of our product and obtain clearance or approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), or other regulatory agencies in different jurisdictions; our ability to maintain or protect the validity of our U.S. and other patents and other intellectual property; our ability to retain key executive members; our ability to internally develop new inventions and intellectual property; that our financial position raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; interpretations of current laws and the passages of future laws; and acceptance of our business model by investors. 
 Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, should, would, could, scheduled, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, seek, or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. Actual results, performance, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, prospects and opportunities could differ materially and perhaps substantially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties and other factors. These statements may be found under the section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (filed on March 28, 2024) entitled Risk Factors as well as in our other public filings. In light of these risks and uncertainties, and especially given the start-up nature of our business, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained herein will in fact occur. Readers should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 DARIOHEALTH CORP. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF September 30, 2024 UNAUDITED INDEX Page Interim Consolidated Balance Sheets F- 2 F- 3 Interim Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss F- 4 Interim Statements of Stockholders Equity F- 5 F- 6 Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F- 7 Notes to Interim Consolidated Financial Statements F- 8 F- 34 

 F-1 

Table of Contents DARIOHEALTH CORP. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 INTERIM CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS U.S. dollars in thousands 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Unaudited ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term restricted bank deposits Trade receivables, net Inventories Other accounts receivable and prepaid expenses Total current assets NON-CURRENT ASSETS: Deposits Operating lease right of use assets Long-term assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Total non-current assets Total assets The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

 F-2 

Table of Contents DARIOHEALTH CORP. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 INTERIM CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Unaudited LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Trade payables Deferred revenues Operating lease liabilities Other accounts payable and accrued expenses Current maturity of long-term loan Total current liabilities NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES Operating lease liabilities Long-term loan Warrant liability Other long-term liabilities Total non-current liabilities STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock of par value - authorized: shares; issued and outstanding : and shares on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Preferred stock of par value - authorized: shares; issued and outstanding : and shares on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively - - Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity Represents an amount lower than 1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

 F-3 

Table of Contents DARIOHEALTH CORP. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Unaudited Unaudited Revenues: Services Consumer hardware Total revenues Cost of revenues: Services Consumer hardware Amortization of acquired intangible assets Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating loss Total financial expenses (income), net ) Loss before taxes Income Tax Net loss Other comprehensive loss: Deemed dividend (contribution) ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders Net loss per share: Basic and diluted loss per share of common stock Weighted average number of common stock used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

 F-4 

Table of Contents DARIOHEALTH CORP. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES INTERIM STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data) 

Additional Total Common Stock Preferred Stock paid-in Accumulated stockholders Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Number Amount Number Amount capital deficit equity Balance as of June 30, 2024 (unaudited) )- ) Exercise of options )- )- )- Extinguishment of preferred stock in connection with preferred stock modification ) Deemed dividend related to issuance of preferred stock ) Issuance of warrants to service providers Conversion of preferred stock to common stock )- ) )- )- Stock-based compensation )- Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) )- ) Additional Total Common Stock Preferred Stock paid-in Accumulated stockholders Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Number Amount Number Amount capital deficit equity Balance as of December 31, 2023 (audited) )- ) Exercise of options )- )- )- Extinguishment of preferred stock in connection with preferred stock modification ) Deemed dividend related to issuance of preferred stock ) Issuance of warrants to service providers Stock-based compensation )- Conversion of preferred stock to common stock )- ) )- )- Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance cost )- Modification of warrants )- Net Profit ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) )- ) Represents an amount lower than 1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

 F-5 

Table of Contents DARIOHEALTH CORP. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES INTERIM STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) (Cont.) U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data) 

Additional Total Common Stock Preferred Stock paid-in Accumulated stockholders Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Number Amount Number Amount capital deficit equity Balance as of June 30, 2023 (unaudited) )- ) Exercise of options )- )- )- Deemed dividend related to issuance of preferred stock ) Issuance of warrants to service providers Stock-based compensation )- Issuance of common stock and preferred stock, net of issuance cost )- Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 (unaudited) )- ) Additional Total Common Stock Preferred Stock paid-in Accumulated stockholders Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Number Amount Number Amount capital deficit equity Balance as of December 31, 2022 (audited) )- ) Exercise of options )- )- )- Exercise of warrants )- )- )- Extinguishment of preferred stock in connection with preferred stock modification ) Deemed dividend related to issuance of preferred stock ) Issuance of warrants to service providers Issuance of warrants related to loan agreement, net of issuance cost Stock-based compensation )- Conversion of preferred stock to common stock )- ) Issuance of common stock and preferred stock, net of issuance cost )- )- Repurchase and retirement of common stock )- )- Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 (unaudited) )- ) Represents an amount lower than 1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

 F-6 

Table of Contents DARIOHEALTH CORP. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
 INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS U.S. dollars in thousands 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Unaudited Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments required to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation Depreciation and impairment Disposal of property and equipment Change in operating lease right of use assets Amortization of acquired intangible assets Decrease in trade receivables, net Increase in other accounts receivable, prepaid expense and long-term assets ) ) Decrease in inventories Decrease in trade payables ) ) Decrease in other accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Decrease in deferred revenues ) ) Change in operating lease liabilities ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liability ) Non-Cash financial expenses Other Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Purchase of short-term investments ) Proceeds from redemption of short-term investments Payments for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from borrowings on credit agreement Repayment of long-term loan ) Net cash provided by financing activities Decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) ) Effect of exchange rate differences on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for interest on long-term loan Non-cash activities: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 reporting unit and operating segment. b. The Company has a wholly owned subsidiary, LabStyle Innovation Ltd. LabStyle ), which was incorporated and commenced operations on September 14, 2011, in Israel. Its principal business activity is to hold the Company s intellectual property and to perform research and development, manufacturing, marketing, and other business activities. c. On February 15, 2024 (the Closing Date ), the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Twill, Inc. Twill ), (see note 4). Pursuant to the provisions of the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, TWILL Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub was merged with and into Twill, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub ceased and Twill continued as the surviving company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Twill is a clinical grade technology company working to shorten the distance between need and care by configuring personalized digital therapeutics and care solutions at scale for the modern healthcare cloud. Twill s Intelligent Healing Platform(tm): integrates AI with empathy, making healing more personal, precise, and connected for the entire care journey. Twill deploys a full spectrum of science-backed care solutions including digital therapeutics, coaching, community, and well-being products for pharma, health plans, enterprises, and individuals everywhere. d. The Company has incurred recurring losses and negative cash flows since inception and has an accumulated deficit of . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company used approximately of cash in operations. The Company expects to incur future net losses and its transition to profitability is dependent upon, among other things, the successful development and commercialization of the Company s products and the achievement of a level of revenues adequate to support the cost structure. Until the Company achieves profitability or generates positive cash flows, it will continue to be dependent on raising additional funds to fund its operations. The Company intends to fund its future operations through cash on hand, additional private and/or public offerings of debt or equity securities or a combination of the foregoing. There are no assurances, however, that the Company will be able to obtain an adequate level of financial resources that are required for the long-term development and commercialization of its product offerings. 
 These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months from the date of issuance of these interim condensed consolidated financial statements. The accompanying condensed interim consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 Significant Accounting Policies a. The significant accounting policies applied in the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Company as disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 are applied consistently in these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. Short-term restricted bank deposits Cash, restricted cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents as reported in the statements of cash flows 

F-9 

Table of Contents 
 or less. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, the Company determines its contracts generally to not include a significant financing component since the Company's selling prices are not subjected to billing terms nor is its purpose to receive financing from its customers or to provide customers with financing. In addition, the Company elected to apply the practical expedient to not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component if the Company expects, at contract inception, that the period between when the Company will transfer a promised good or service to a customer and when the customer will pay for that good or service will be one year or less. 

 F-10 

Table of Contents 

F-11 

Table of Contents 
 ) Year ended December 31, 2023 Allowance for credit losses 
 The Company has no off-balance-sheet concentration of credit risk. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's major customer accounted for of the Company's accounts receivable balance. For the three and nine-month ended September 30, 2024, the Company's major customer accounted for and respectively, of the Company's revenue in the period. 

 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 . Finished products 
 During the nine-month period ended September 30, 202 4 , and the year ended December 31, 2023, total inventory write-down expenses amounted to and , respectively. 

 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 million in cash, and (B) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to shares (the Warrant Shares of Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ). In addition, the Company issued stock options to purchase up to shares of Common Stock and a combination of warrants and restricted stock units RSUs to acquire up to shares of Common Stock to certain employees and officers of Twill. The Company accounted for the stock options, warrants and RSUs separately from the acquisition. The Company incurred acquisition-related costs in a total amount of , which were included in general and administrative expenses in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive loss. The acquisition of Twill advances the Company s strategy to evolve from a point solution to a comprehensive multi condition platform. Twill brings a global, digital-first approach to improving mental and physical health through its personalized and connected care services. These services include evidence-based programs, supportive communities, human-led coaching, and therapy, which are accessible globally in 10 languages and cover over 18 million lives. Utilized by enterprises, health plans, pharmaceutical companies, and individuals around the world. With the integration of Twill, the Company believes it can achieve multiple advantages as well as synergies in multiple fronts like its product offering, commercial channels, improved clients and member experience. 

 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Short-term restricted bank deposits Trade receivables Other accounts receivable and prepaid expenses Property and equipment, net Operating lease right of use assets Acquisition-related intangibles Other assets Total assets acquired Trade payables Other accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred revenues Operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liability Liabilities assumed Fair value of net assets acquired Goodwill Total purchase consideration 
 Following are details of the purchase consideration allocated to acquired intangible assets: Customer relationship healthcare (2) Total identified intangible assets acquired 
 (1) The technology has been calculated through the Income Approach, in particular the Relief from Royalty method. (2) The fair value of Twill s customer relationships has been calculated using the Multi-Period excess earnings method MPEEM method ). 

 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 Value of each warrant issues Total consideration warrant shares Cash consideration Total purchase price 
 The interim consolidated statement of comprehensive loss includes the following revenue and net loss attributable to Twill in 2024: 

Three Nine months ended months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 Unaudited Unaudited Revenues Net loss 
 The Company recognized of a deferred tax liability which relates to the purchase price allocation fair value adjustments, other than goodwill. The Company is planning to file a consolidated tax return in the U.S. together with Twill and to utilize the benefit of the Company's loss carryforwards against the future taxable income of Twill and consequently decreased its valuation allowance in an amount equal to the deferred tax liability recognized in the business combination. The Company recognized the decrease in valuation allowance as income tax benefit. Supplemental unaudited Pro forma Information The following table sets forth a summary of the unaudited pro forma results of the Company as if the acquisition of Twill, which closed in February 2024, had taken place had Twill been acquired as of January 1, 2023. Net loss 

The unaudited pro forma financial information presented is for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the Twill acquisition was completed at the beginning of 2023 and are not indicative of the future operating results of the combined company. The pro forma results include adjustments related to purchase accounting, primarily amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and stock-based compensation expenses. The pro forma results also include income from revaluation of the pre-funded warrants issued as part of the consideration for the acquisition of Twill, as these warrants are classified as a liability under GAAP. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company reversed its bonus accrual liability related to Twill employees in the amount of since payment of the liability was no longer probable. 

 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 million over the initial term of the Exclusive Agreement, consisting of (i) an upfront payment, (ii) payments for development services per development plan to be agreed upon annually and (iii) certain contingent milestone payments upon meeting certain net sales and enrollment rate milestones at any time during the term of the Exclusive Agreement. Since the contract consideration includes variable consideration, as of September 30, 2024, the Company excluded the variable payments from the transaction price since it is not probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. In 2022, the first development plan was approved and completed. The Company concluded that the first development plan should be accounted for as a separate contract. As such, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized in revenues for the completion of the first development plan. On December 13, 2022, the second development plan was approved by the parties. The Company concluded that the second development plan should be accounted for as a separate contract which includes development services performance obligations, satisfied over time, based on labor hours. As such, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized in revenues. The second development plan was completed during the second quarter of 2023. On June 15, 2023, the third development plan (initiated in April 2023), was approved by the parties. The Company concluded that the third development plan should be accounted for as a separate contract which includes development services performance obligations, satisfied over time, based on labor hours. The Company's measures the progress of the development services performance obligations using an input method, based on labor hours consumed as the Company believes that this method best depicts the transfer of services to the customer. In the second quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company provided a price concession to the preferred partner in the amount of to resolve an outstanding dispute. As a result, the Company has recorded the price concession amount as a reduction in revenue for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. Agreement with National Health Plan On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Master Service Agreement (the MSA and a statement of work SOW , and such SOW, the October SOW with a national health plan Health Plan ). Pursuant to the October SOW, the Company will provide the Health Plan access to the Company s web and app-based platform for behavioral health. The Company has concluded that the contract contained a single performance obligation to provide access to the Company s platform. The consideration in the contract was based entirely on customer usage. 

 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 . The Company allocated the consideration between the two performance obligations based on standalone selling prices. The Company determined the standalone selling prices based on the expected cost plus a margin approach. On February 21, 2023, the Company entered into a change order with the Health Plan according to which the Company will provide additional implementation services and shall develop additional features to be included in the platform. The change order includes a fixed consideration in the amount of . For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized revenues of . The August SOW was completed during the second quarter of 2023. Revenue Source: The following tables represent the Company s total revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 disaggregated by revenue source: Commercial - Strategic partnerships ) Consumers 
 Deferred Revenue The Company recognizes contract liabilities, or deferred revenues, when it receives advance payments from customers prior to the satisfaction of the Company's performance obligations. The balance of deferred revenues approximates the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied performance obligations at the end of the reporting period. The Company expects to recognize approximately over the next 12 months and the remainder thereafter . 

 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 Additions through Acquisition of Twill New performance obligations Reclassification to revenue as a result of satisfying performance obligations ) Balance, end of the period 
 Costs to Fulfill a Contract The Company defers costs incurred to fulfill contracts that: (1) relate directly to the contract; (2) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy the Company s performance obligations under the contract; and (3) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated under the contract. Contract fulfillment costs are expensed as the Company satisfies its performance obligations and recorded into cost of revenue. Costs to fulfill a contract are recorded in other accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and long-term assets. Costs to fulfill a contract consist of (1) deferred consumer hardware costs incurred in connection with the delivery of services that are deferred, and (2) deferred costs incurred, related to future performance obligations which are capitalized. Costs to fulfill a contract, noncurrent Total costs to fulfill a contract 
 Costs to fulfill a contract were as follows: 

Costs to fulfill a contract Beginning balance as of December 31, 2023 Additions Cost of revenue recognized ) Ending balance as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

F-19 

Table of Contents 
 credit facility with a new credit facility in the Loan and Security Agreement, and Supplement thereto (the LSA or the Avenue Loan Facility by and between the Company and its subsidiary PsyInnovations Inc., collectively as the borrowers (the Borrowers and Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund II, L.P. and Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund, L.P., collectively as the lenders (the Avenue Lenders ). The LSA provides for a secured credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to , of which was made available on the closing date (the Initial Tranche and up to (the Discretionary Tranche may be made available on the later of July 1, 2023, or the date the Avenue Lenders approve the issuance of the Discretionary Tranche. On May 1, 2023, the Borrowers closed on the Initial Tranche, less certain fees and expenses payable to or on behalf of the Avenue Lenders. During the term of the Avenue Loan Facility, interest payable in cash by the Borrowers shall accrue on any outstanding balance due under the Avenue Loan Facility at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (x) the sum of four one-half percent plus the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal and (y) twelve and one-half percent ). During an event of default, any outstanding amount under the Avenue Loan Facility will bear interest at a rate of in excess of the otherwise applicable rate of interest and the outstanding balance shall be due and payable. As part of the agreements, the Company issued a warrant (the Warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share, which shall have a term of from the issuance date. On February 15, 2024, the Company and the Borrowers entered into the First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement and Supplement (the Avenue Amendment with the Avenue Lenders. Pursuant to the Avenue Amendment, the parties agreed to include the Merger Sub and Twill as parties to the Company s existing loan facility with the lenders. In addition, the Avenue Amendment permit the lenders, subject to Nasdaq rules, to convert up to of the principal amount of its loan to the Company at a fixed conversion price of per share. On June 25, 2024, the Company stockholders approved the Avenue Amendment and repriced the Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock issued to the lenders on May 1, 2023 at an exercise price per share, to permit an amendment to the exercise price of such Warrants to which is the minimum price as defined by Nasdaq rules as of the closing of the Twill Agreement and (ii) permit the lenders, subject to Nasdaq rules, to convert up to of the principal amount of the outstanding Avenue Loan Facility into Borrower s unrestricted shares of the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of . According to the agreements, the Company is obligated to maintain at least of unrestricted cash in deposit accounts located in the United States. The Company concluded that Avenue Loan Facility and the Warrant are freestanding financial instruments since these instruments are legally detachable and separately exercisable. The Company has concluded that the Warrant meets all the conditions to be classified as equity pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-40. In addition, the Company elected to account for the Avenue Loan Facility under the fair value option in accordance with ASC 825, Financial Instruments. Under the fair value option, changes in fair value are recorded in earnings except for fair value adjustments related to instrument specific credit risk, which are recorded as other comprehensive income or loss. As such, the proceeds were first allocated to the Avenue Loan Facility at fair value in the amount of and the remaining amount of was allocated to the Warrant. The Company remeasurement expenses related to the Avenue Loan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were and , respectively, compared to of remeasurement income for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and of remeasurement expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which were included as part of the financial (income) expenses in the Company's statements comprehensive loss. During the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, the Company did not recognize any instrument specific credit risk fair value adjustment. 

 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 to . The Company recognized the incremental fair value resulting from the modification through earnings in the amount of . shares of the Company s Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share, which shall have a term of from the issuance date. The Orbimed Warrant contains customary share adjustment provisions, as well as weighted average price protection in certain circumstances but in no event will the exercise price of the Warrant be adjusted to a price less than per share. Following the series C preferred shares issuance in February 2024, as a result of the price protection provisions, the exercise price of the warrant was adjusted to a price of . The Company has concluded that the Orbimed Warrant is not indexed to the Company's own stock and should be recorded as a liability measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. The Company remeasurement income related to the Orbimed Warrant for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were and , respectively, compared to and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Pre-funded warrants On February 15, 2024, as part of the acquisition of Twill (See note 4) the Company issued Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to shares of Company Common Stock. The Company has classified the pre-funded as liability pursuant to ASC 815-40 since the Pre-Funded Warrants do not meet all the equity classification conditions. Accordingly, the Company measured the Pre-Funded Warrants at their fair value. The warrants liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of comprehensive loss. During the three and nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized and respectively, of remeasurement income related to the Pre-Funded Warrants. The estimated fair value of the Pre-Funded Warrants liabilities is determined using Level 1 inputs based on quoted prices in active markets. 

 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 Total financial assets Financial liabilities: Long term loan Orbimed warrant liability Pre-funded warrant liability Total financial liabilities 

December 31, 2023 Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (in thousands) Financial liabilities: Long term loan Orbimed warrant liability Total financial liabilities 

F-22 

Table of Contents 
 million with the fair value of the warrants of and the loan terms interest rate equal to the greater of (i) the sum of four and one-half percent plus the Prime Rate , and (ii) twelve and one- half percent ). During an event of default, any outstanding amount under the Avenue Loan Facility will bear interest at a rate of in excess of the otherwise applicable rate of interest. The fair value of the Avenue Loan Facility, as of September 30, 2024, was estimated using a discount rate of which reflects the internal rate of return of the Avenue Loan Facility at closing, as of May 1, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023, the change in the fair value of the loan was recorded in earnings since the Company concluded that the change in fair value was not related to instrument-specific credit risk . Orbimed warrant Liability The fair value of the Orbimed warrant liability was determined based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Orbimed warrant liability is estimated by the Company based on the Monte-Carlo simulation valuation technique, in order to predict the probability of different outcomes that rely on repeated random variables. The following inputs were used to estimate the fair value of the Orbimed warrant liability: Exercise price Expected term (in years) Volatility Dividend rate Risk-free interest rate 
 The following tables present the summary of the changes in the fair value of our financial instruments: Change in fair value ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Long-Term Loan Orbimed Warrant Liability Pre-funded warrant liability Balance as of January 1, 2024 Issuance Change in fair value ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

F-23 

Table of Contents 
 of the sales of the products and other related revenues (based on the U.S. dollar) generated from such projects, up to of the grants received. Royalty payment obligations also bear interest at the LIBOR rate. The obligation to pay these royalties is contingent on actual sales of the products and in the absence of such sales, no payment is required. In connection with specific research and development activities, Physimax Technology Physimax ), prior to its acquisition by the Company, received of participation payments from the IIA. The Company s total commitment for royalties payable with respect to future sales, based on IIA participations received, net of royalties accrued or paid, totaled as of September 30, 2024. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not record IIA royalties related to the acquisition of Physimax Technology. 

 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 Brand Customer Relationship Healthcare Domains Accumulated amortization: Technology Brand Customer Relationship Healthcare Domains Other intangible assets, net b. Amortization expenses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023 amounted to and , respectively. c. Estimated amortization expense: For the year ended December 31, Remaining of 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

F-25 

Table of Contents 
 Additions As of December 31, 2023 Additions As of September 30, 2024 
 were exercised on a cashless basis into shares of Common Stock. b. In January and March 2024, the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of restricted shares, subject to time vesting, to directors, officers and employees of the Company and approved the grant of options to purchase Common Stock, and performance-based options to purchase Common Stock to officers, employees, and consultants of the Company, at exercise prices between and per share. The time vesting restricted shares and stock options vest over various periods between two to commencing on the respective grant dates. The options have a term. The restricted shares and the options were issued under the Company s 2020 Equity incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). c. On February 15, 2024, the Company executed a consulting agreement with a former officer of Twill. Pursuant to the terms of the consulting agreement, the Company agreed to issue to the former officer of Twill fully vested RSUs. 
 On June 25, 2024, the stockholders of the Company approved the issuance of certain restricted shares and warrants of the Company, under certain consulting agreements with former officers and directors of Twill. Pursuant to the terms of the consulting agreements, the Company agreed to issue to those former officers of Twill warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s Common Stock, of which are subject to time vesting and are subject to certain performance-based metrics, with an exercise price of and fully vested RSUs. During the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded share-based compensation expenses related to these service providers in the amount of and , respectively. For the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, expenses were recorded related to the performance based warrants. 

 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 , and Series C, C-1 and C-2 preferred shares, respectively, at a purchase price of per preferred share. The Series C and C-1 Preferred Stock are convertible into Common Stock at per Common Stock. The Series C-2 Preferred Stock is convertible into Common Stock at per Common Stock. As a result of the sale of the preferred stock, the aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering were approximately . 
 In addition, the holders of preferred stock will also be entitled to dividends payable as follows: (i) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to seven and a half five percent of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the preferred stock then held by such holder for each full quarter anniversary of holding for a total of four quarters from the Closing Date, and (ii) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to fifteen percent of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the preferred stock then held by such holder on the fifth full quarter from the Closing Date. In May and September 2024, a total of and of certain Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into and shares of Common Stock, respectively. During the three and nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company accounted for the dividend shares of Common Stock upon the dividend shares earned by Series C Preferred Stock as a deemed dividend in a total amount of and , respectively. e. Through November 2022, December 2022 and January 2023, Series A Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of Common Stock after the completion of the -month anniversary of each the Series A Preferred Stock. The conversion included accumulative dividends payable available upon conversion of each Series A Preferred Stock. 
 f. In April and June 2024, a total of and of certain Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into and shares of Common Stock, respectively, including the issuance of dividend shares. In addition, during the three and nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company accounted for the dividend shares of Common Stock upon the dividend shares earned by Series A-1 Preferred Stock as a deemed dividend in a total amount of and , respectively. g. In April 2024, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of restricted shares subject to time vesting to employees of the Company and approved the grant of options to purchase up to shares of Common Stock, to employees and consultants of the Company, at exercise prices between and per share. The time vesting restricted shares and stock options vest over various periods between two to commencing on the respective grant dates. The options have a term. The restricted shares and the options were issued under the 2020 Plan. h. In April 2024, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock, with exercise prices between to per share, to certain consultants. The warrants are exercisable into shares of Common Stock on or before December 31, 2026. In addition, the Compensation Committee approved a reduction in the exercise price of warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock issued to certain consultants in the past at exercise prices between to per share, to an exercise price of per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded stock based compensation expenses related to the repriced warrants at the amount of . 

F-27 

Table of Contents) to eighteen months from the original issue date and (ii) increase the percentage of dividends the holders of the preferred stock will be entitled to receive by including a dividend of ten percent for the fifth full quarter from the closing date and a dividend of twenty five percent for the sixth quarter from the closing date. 
 On September 11, 2024, following the approval of the necessary preferred holders, the Company modified the terms of the Series B-3 preferred stock to (i) extend the mandatory conversion period from fifteen ) to eighteen ) months from the original issue date and (ii) increase the percentage of dividends the holders of the preferred stock will be entitled to receive by including a dividend of ten percent for the fifth full quarter from the closing date and a dividend of twenty five percent for the sixth quarter from the closing date. The Company concluded that the Series B, B-1 and B-3 preferred shares modification should be accounted for as an extinguishment transaction. As such, the Company recorded the modified preferred shares at their fair value and derecognized the carrying amount of the previous unmodified shares, resulting in a deemed contribution of . During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company accounted for the dividend shares of common stock upon the deferred conversion of the Series B, B-1, B-2, and B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock as a deemed dividend in a total amount of and , respectively. j. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares of Series A-1 Preferred stock issued and outstanding. The outstanding Series A-1 Preferred stock is convertible into approximately shares of Common Stock, including the issuance of dividend shares. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were shares of Series B, B-1, and B-3 Preferred stock issued and outstanding. The outstanding Series B, B-1, and B-3 Preferred stock are convertible into approximately shares of Common Stock, including the issuance of dividend shares. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares of Series C, C-1 and C-2 Preferred stock issued and outstanding. The outstanding Series C, C-1 and C-2 Preferred stock is convertible into approximately shares of Common Stock, including the issuance of dividend shares. k. In May 2024, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of a non-qualified stock option to purchase up to shares of common stock as an inducement grant to the new Chief Commercial Officer. Out of which shares will vest over , with one third of such shares vesting on June 1, 2025, and the remaining shares vesting in equal quarterly amounts during the following . of the options are performance-based and will commence vesting upon reaching certain performance goals during the fiscal years between 2024 and 2027. Each performance option will vest over a period commencing on the first day of the following fiscal year to which such option relates, in equal quarterly instalments. 
 l. In August 2024, Series B-2 Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of Common Stock after the completion of the fifteen )-month anniversary of the Series B-2 Preferred Stock. The conversion included accumulative dividends payable available upon conversion of Series B-2 Preferred Stock. 

F-28 

Table of Contents 
 restricted shares subject to time vesting to directors, officers and employees of the Company and approved the grant of options to purchase Common Stock, and performance-based options to purchase Common Stock to officers, employees, and consultants of the Company, at exercise prices between to per share. The time vesting restricted shares and stock options vest over commencing on the respective grant dates. The options have a term. The restricted shares and the options were issued under the Company s 2020 Plan. n. In August 2024, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of restricted shares of Common Stock to certain service providers. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded compensation expense in the amount of related to the issuance of these shares of common stock. 
 o. In August 2024, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock subject to time vesting of one to , with exercise prices of per share to certain consultants. warrants are exercisable into Common Stock on or before December 31, 2027, and warrants are exercisable into Common Stock on or before August 31, 2029. In addition, the Compensation Committee approved the grant performance-based warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock, with exercise prices of per share to certain consultants. The warrants are exercisable into Common Stock on or before August 31, 2029. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expenses related to the warrants at the amount of . p. On September 27, 2024, out of the pre-funded warrants that were issued in July 2020, were exercised on a cashless basis into shares of Common Stock. q. Stock plans: 
 On January 23, 2012, the Company s Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company and approved by a majority of the Company s stockholders, under which options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock have been reserved. Under the 2012 Plan, options to purchase shares of Common Stock may be granted to employees and non-employees of the Company or any affiliate, each option granted can be exercised to share of Common Stock. The 2012 Plan has expired. On October 14, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved the 2020 Plan. Under the 2020 Plan, options to purchase shares of Common Stock may be granted to employees and non-employees of the Company or any affiliate, each option granted can be exercised to share of Common Stock. In January 2023, pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Plan as approved by the Company s stockholders, the Company increased the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2020 Plan by shares, from to . In January 2024, pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Plan as approved by the Company s stockholders, the Company increased the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2020 Plan by shares, from to . In June 2024, pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Plan as approved by the Company s stockholders, the Company increased the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2020 Plan by shares, from to . 

 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options expired ) Options forfeited ) Options outstanding at end of period Options vested and expected to vest at end of period Exercisable at end of period 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value (the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last day of the third quarter of 2024 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on September 30, 2024. This amount is impacted by the changes in the fair market value of the Common Stock. Transactions related to the grant of restricted shares to employees, directors, and non-employees under the above plans during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, (unaudited) were as follows: Restricted shares granted Restricted shares forfeited ) Restricted shares outstanding at end of period 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total amount of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense was approximately which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 - - Risk-free interest rate - - Dividend yield Expected life (years) - - 
 The total compensation cost related to all of the Company s stock-based awards recognized during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was comprised as follows: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expenses 
 Foreign currency adjustments expenses, net ) Interest income ) ) Revaluation of short-term investments ) Remeasurement of long-term loan Remeasurement of warrant liability ) ) Modification of warrants Debt issuance cost Total Financial expenses (income), net ) 

F-31 

Table of Contents 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and for the three and nine months ended September 2023, was . The following table sets forth the computation of the Company s basic net earnings (loss) per common and preferred stock: Denominator: Number of shares used in per share computation Basic loss per share amounts: Distributed earnings - deemed dividends (contribution) ) Undistributed loss - allocated ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Basic loss per share ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 

 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 Denominator: Number of shares used in per share computation Basic earnings (loss) per share amounts: Distributed earnings - deemed dividends (contribution) ) ) ) Undistributed loss - allocated ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Basic earnings (loss) per share ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 

 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 Denominator: Number of shares used in per share computation Basic loss per share amounts: Distributed earnings - deemed dividends Undistributed loss - allocated Basic loss per share 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the basic and diluted net earnings (loss) per share of Preferred A-1, B, B-1, B-2 and B-3 was , , , and respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the basic and diluted net loss per share of Preferred A-1, B, B-1, B-2 and B-3 was , , , , and respectively . restricted shares subject to time vesting to employees of the Company and approved the grant of options to purchase up to shares of Common Stock, to employees and consultants of the Company, at an exercise price of per share. The time vesting restricted shares and stock options vest over various periods between one to commencing on the respective grant dates. The options have a term. The restricted shares and the options were issued under the 2020 Plan. b. In November 2024, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock, with an exercise price of per share to certain consultants. The warrants are exercisable into Common Stock on or before from the grant date. 

 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Readers are advised to review the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . You should review the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. The following financial data in this narrative are expressed in thousands , except for stock and stock data or as otherwise noted. We are revolutionizing how people with chronic conditions manage their health through the innovation of a new category of digital health: Digital Therapeutics as a Service DTaaS ). We believe that our innovative approach to digital therapeutics disrupts the traditional provider-centered system of healthcare delivery by offering user-centric care that is continuous, customized supportive of better overall health. Our solutions combine the power of technologies and behavior science to make better health accessible, affordable, and easy for all by solving for what people need, when and where they want it, with hyper-personalized care that is always connected to services, devices, and people and delivered continuously. Our solutions are proven to drive savings for health plans and employers by improving the health of their populations. We began as a direct-to-consumer digital therapeutics company, solving first for the problem of how to engage users and support behavior change to improve clinical outcomes in diabetes. Beginning in 2020, we enacted a strategic shift to transform the business model by deploying a business-to-business-to-consumer B2B2C approach, leveraging the strengths of our consumer solution platform to enable commercial growth opportunities in traditional health business channels by selling to health plans and employers. At the same time, we expanded from a single-condition platform to a multi-condition platform, creating a robust suite of solutions to address the five most commonly co-occurring, behaviorally driven, and expensive chronic conditions, which are also representative of some of the most sought-after digital health solutions: diabetes, hypertension, pre-diabetes/weight management, musculoskeletal and behavioral health. After building weight loss and hypertension management into the legacy diabetes platform, we made three acquisitions in order to expand into musculoskeletal (MSK) and behavioral health (BH). In that regard, we acquired Upright, PsyInnovations and Physimax Technology assets to expand into the fields of MSK and BH. Our approach to integrating all solutions into one digital therapeutics platform follows the best-of-suite offering design principal which provides the user one place to monitor all identified chronic conditions and to deliver a seamless user experience for commonly co-occurring chronic conditions. These two shifts led to the rapid expansion of our B2B2C business over the last two years and positioned us for success in commercial markets. We continue to achieve key benchmarks as we rapidly scale our B2B2C model, including more than 100 total signed contracts to date and the shift in our commercial pipeline where more than 50 of the contracts signed in the second half of 2022 are for multi-chronic solutions. We believe we have a unique and defensible position in the market thanks to our unique solution origin in consumer markets. We continue to generate a significant number of clinical publications. In that regard, we have published 47 real world data studies with total of 10 generated in 2022, 10 generated in 2023, and several more planned for 2024. We believe that we are proving the value of our solutions as enterprise business sales continue to grow. With more than 100 signed contracts to date, we have solid evidence on the key differentiators that lead to new business opportunities: a consumer-friendly approach that drives engagement; deep integration capabilities; and best-in-class clinical outcomes. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Developments New Research Reveals How Physical Activity Mediates the Impact of Depression on Blood Glucose Levels in Individuals with Diabetes or Prediabetes In September 2024, we announced the publication of a new study in the peer-reviewed journal Frontiers in Endocrinology. The study demonstrates the effectiveness of our cardiometabolic solution for members living with diabetes or prediabetes and depression. Integration of Twill Behavioral Health Capabilities into Cardiometabolic Health Solution In September 2024, we announced the integration of condition-specific communities and peer groups with personalized navigation capabilities into our cardiometabolic solution to improve outcomes-based engagement, marking a significant milestone in the integration of the Dario-Twill product offering. Twill by Dario to Offer a Benefit for AARP Members In October 2024, we announced a new AARP member benefit that provides members with proven digital behavioral health and well-being solutions from Twill by Dario. The new benefit is expected to launch in January of 2025 for AARP members. Integration of Twill Capabilities Across Full Multi-Condition Platform In October 2024, we announced the full integration of Twill's advanced behavioral health and navigation capabilities into our platform. The integration completed our effort to create one of the most comprehensive and effective end-to-end digital health solutions in the market. By unifying data across mental and physical health, we offer a more personalized and effective approach to care. Workforce Reduction During the second and the third quarters of 2024, as part of our effort to reduce operating expenses, we commenced a reduction in work force by 78 employees, reflecting a reduction of approximately 27 of our workforce. Following the reduction in work force, at the end implementing the work force reduction during the fourth quarter of this year we expect to have 66 employees located in Israel, 85 employees located in the United States and 77 employees located in India, and 21 employees located in the rest of the world. Results of Operations Comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023 (dollar amounts in thousands) Revenues Revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, amounted to 7,423 and 19,436, compared to revenues of 3,518 and 16,736, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 11 1 and 16.1 . The increase in revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, resulted from an increase in our revenues from the commercial channel. The revenues also include the consolidation of Twill Inc. s Twill revenues, as a result of its acquisition during the first quarter of 2024. The proforma revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, if the closing of the acquisition of Twill would have taken place on the first day of the year would have amounted to 21,399. Cost of Revenues During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded costs related to revenues in the amount of 3 , 54 6 and 10 , 3 71, compared to costs related to revenues of 2 , 908 and 10 , 884 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 21 .9 and a decrease of 4 .7 respectively. The increase in cost of revenues in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was mainly a result of the increase in the sales of hardware, inventory write-off and amortization of technology related to the 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 acquisition of Twill. The decrease in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was mainly due to a reduction in payroll costs included in the cost of revenues during the period, offset by an increase in hosting costs and amortization of technology related to the acquisition of Twill. Cost of revenues consist mainly of cost of device production, employees salaries and related overhead costs, stock-based compensation, depreciation of production lines and related cost of equipment used in production, amortization of technologies, hosting costs, shipping and handling costs and inventory write-downs. Gross Profit Gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, amounted to 3, 8 77 (5 2 .2 of revenues) and 9, 0 65 46 .6 of revenues) compared to 610 (17.3 of revenues) and 5 ,852 (35 of revenues) during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, resulted mainly from the increase in the revenues from the commercial channel mainly related to the acquisition of Twill. Research and Development Expenses Our research and development expenses decreased by 219, or 3.9 , to 5,446 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5,665 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and increased by 2,846, or 17.7 , to 18,898 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 16,052 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was mainly due to the decrease in payroll expenses and stock-based compensation, partially offset by an increase in subcontractors and consulting expenses mainly related to the acquisition of Twill. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was mainly a result of higher payroll related expenses, software licenses and an increase in subcontractors and consulting expenses due to the consolidation of Twill, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Our research and development expenses, excluding stock-based compensation and depreciation, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 4 , 635 and 16 , 400 compared to 4 , 417 and 12 , 282 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 2 18 and 4 , 118 respectively. The increase during the three months ended September 30, 2024, was mainly due to an increase in subcontractors and consulting services and software licenses resulting from the consolidation of Twill, partially offset by a decrease in payroll expenses. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was mainly due to an increase in payroll expenses, subcontractors and consulting services and software licenses resulting from the consolidation of Twill. Research and development expenses consist mainly of employees salaries and related overhead costs involved in research and development activities, expenses related to: (i) our solutions including our Dario Smart Diabetes Management Solution, Dario Move solution and our digital behavioral health solution, (ii) labor, stock-based compensation contractors and engineering expenses, (iii) depreciation and maintenance fees related to equipment and software tools used in research and development, (iv) clinical trials performed in the United States to satisfy the FDA approval requirements and (v) facilities expenses associated with and allocated to research and development activities. Sales and Marketing Expenses Our sales and marketing expenses increased by 370, or 5.8 , to 6, 7 33 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 6,363 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and increased by 1,612, or 8.4 , to 20,775 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 19,163 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, was mainly a result of higher payroll related expenses, amortization of customer relationship, software licenses and an increase in subcontractors and consulting expenses due to the consolidation of Twill, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expenses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Our sales and marketing expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, depreciation, and amortization of acquired brand and customer relationship, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 5, 096 and 1 5 , 562 compared to 4, 445 and 13 , 484 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 651 and 2 , 078 , 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 respectively. The increase was mainly due to an increase in payroll expenses, subcontractors and consulting services and software licenses resulting from the consolidation of Twill during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 Sales and marketing expenses consist mainly of employees salaries and related overhead costs, stock-based compensation, online marketing campaigns of our service offering, trade show expenses and marketing consultants, marketing expenses and subcontractors. General and Administrative Expenses Our general and administrative expenses decreased by 400, or 9.7 , to 3,728 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4,128 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and increased by 2,857 or 22.7 to 15,468 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12,611 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was mainly due to a decrease in stock-based compensation and legal expenses partially offset by higher payroll expenses. The increase in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was mainly due to higher payroll related expenses, stock-based compensation expenses and acquisition costs related to the consolidation of Twill during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Our general and administrative expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, depreciation, and acquisition related costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 2, 614 and 7 , 757 compared to 2, 053 and 6 , 521 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 561 and 1 ,236, respectively. The increase was mainly due to higher payroll expenses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . Our general and administrative expenses consist mainly of employees salaries and related overhead costs, stock-based compensation, directors fees, legal and accounting fees, patent registration, expenses related to investor relations, as well as our office rent and related expenses. Financial Income (Expenses), net Our financial expenses, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024, were 313, representing an increase of 127, compared to financial expenses of 186 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The financial income, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 10,954 representing an increase of 14,122, compared to financial expenses of 3,168 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in our financial expenses, net in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was mainly due to lower income from interest and a decrease in the revaluation of our loan and warrant. The increase in the financial income, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was due to income from revaluation of the pre-funded warrants issued as part of the consideration for the acquisition of Twill, as these warrants are classified as a liability under U.S. GAAP (as hereinafter defined). Financial expenses, net primarily consists of credit facility interest expense, interest income from cash balances, revaluation of warrants, revaluation of short-term investments, bank charges, lease liability and foreign currency translation differences. Income tax Income from tax was 13 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 13 as compared to 0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our income tax for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 2,007 representing an increase of 2,007, compared to income tax of 0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in our income from tax was due to a change in the valuation allowance for deferred tax liability that resulted from the acquisition of Twill. Net loss Net loss decreased by 3 ,402, or 2 1 .6 , to 1 2 , 3 30 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 15,732 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased by 12,027, or 2 6 .6 , to 3 3 , 1 15 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 45,142 for the nine months ended September 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 30, 2023. The decrease in net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was mainly due to the increase in our gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease in net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was mainly due to the increase in our financial income and gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The factors described above resulted in net loss attributable to common stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, amounted to 1 4 , 6 08 and 28, 7 21, respectively, compared to net loss attributable to common stockholders of 16,904 and 48,005 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures To supplement our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, management provides certain non-GAAP financial measures NGFM of the Company s financial results, including such amounts captioned: net loss before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization or EBITDA , and Non-GAAP Adjusted Loss , as presented herein below. Importantly, we note the NGFM measures captioned EBITDA and Non-GAAP Adjusted Loss are not recognized terms under U.S. GAAP, and as such, they are not a substitute for, considered superior to, considered separately from, nor as an alternative to, U.S. GAAP and /or the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. Such NGFM are presented with the intent of providing greater transparency of information used by us in our financial performance analysis and operational decision-making. Additionally, we believe these NGFM provide meaningful information to assist investors, shareholders, and other readers of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, in making comparisons to our historical financial results, and analyzing the underlying financial results of our operations. The NGFM are provided to enhance readers overall understanding of our current financial results and to provide further information to enhance the comparability of results between the current year period and the prior year period. We believe the NGFM provide useful information by isolating certain expenses, gains, and losses, which are not necessarily indicative of our operating financial results and business outlook. In this regard, the presentation of the NGFM herein below, is to help the reader of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements to understand the effects of the non-cash impact on our (U.S. GAAP) unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations of the revaluation of the warrants and the expense related to stock-based compensation, each as discussed herein above. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 A reconciliation to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure to NGFM, as discussed above, is as follows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Net Loss Reconciliation Net loss - as reported (12,330) (15,732) 3,402 Adjustments Depreciation and impairment expense 125 99 26 Amortization of acquired technology and brand 2,003 1,137 866 Other financial (income) expenses, net 313 186 127 Income tax (13) (13) EBITDA (9,902) (14,310) 4,408 Acquisition costs Stock-based compensation expenses 2,786 5,159 (2,373) Non-GAAP adjusted loss (7,116) (9,151) 2,035 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Net Loss Reconciliation Net loss - as reported (33,115) (45,142) 12,027 Adjustments Depreciation and impairment expense 773 290 483 Amortization of acquired technology, brand and customer relationship 4,519 3,375 1,144 Other financial (income) expenses, net (10,954) 3,168 (14,122) Income tax (2,007) (2,007) EBITDA (40,784) (38,309) (2,475) Acquisition costs 713 713 Stock-based compensation expenses 13,206 15,307 (2,101) Non-GAAP adjusted loss (26,865) (23,002) (3,863) Liquidity and Capital Resources (amounts in thousands except for share and share amounts) As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 15,547 in cash and cash equivalents compared to 36,797 on December 31, 2023. We have experienced cumulative losses of 37 8 ,082 since inception (August 11, 2011) through September 30, 2024, and have a stockholders equity of 5 8 ,511 as of September 30, 2024. In addition, we have not completed our efforts to establish a stable recurring source of revenues sufficient to cover our operating costs and expect to continue to generate losses for the foreseeable future. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily through private placements and public offerings of our common stock and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, receiving aggregate net proceeds totaling 264,601 and a credit facility of 25,564 as of September 30, 2024. On February 28, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with institutional investors, pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell to the investors in a registered direct offering priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules an aggregate of 4,674,454 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and pre-funded warrants to purchase an aggregate of 667,559 shares of our common stock. Each share was sold at an offering price of 7.49 per share, and each pre-funded warrant was sold at an offering price of 7.4899, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 40 million before deducting the offering expenses. In addition, the investors have executed lock up agreements agreeing to a lock up period of three days. On May 1, 2023, we entered into securities purchase agreements with accredited investors relating to an offering and the sale of an aggregate of 6,200 shares of newly designated Series B Preferred Stock, an aggregate of 7,946 shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, and an aggregate of 150 shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock, at a purchase price of 1,000 for each share of Preferred Stock. Certain of our executive officers and directors purchased shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock in the offering. On May 5, 2023, we entered into securities purchase agreements with accredited investors, relating to an offering and the sale of an aggregate of 1,106 shares of newly designated Series B-3 Preferred Stock, at a purchase price of 1,000 for each share of Preferred Stock. As a result of the sale of the Preferred Stock, the aggregate gross proceeds to us from the offering are approximately 15.4 million. On June 25, 2024, upon obtaining the vote of a majority of the holders of the relevant classes of preferred stock, we filed a Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock (the Series B Certificate of Designation and Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Company s Series B-1 Preferred Stock, all with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (collectively, the Certificates of Designation ).The Certificates of Designation were amended to (i) extend the mandatory conversion period from fifteen (15) to eighteen (18) months from the original issue date and (ii) increase the percentage of dividends the holders of Series B Certificate of Designation and Series B-1 Certificate of Designation will be entitled to receive by including a dividend of ten percent (10 for the fifth full quarter from the closing date and a dividend of twenty five percent (25 for the sixth quarter from the closing date. On September 11, 2024, upon obtaining the vote of a majority of the holders of the relevant class of preferred stock, we filed a Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Company s Series B-3 Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Series B-3 Certificate of Designation ). The Series B-3 Certificate of Designation was amended to (i) extend the mandatory conversion period from fifteen (15) to eighteen (18) months from the original issue date and (ii) increase the percentage of dividends the holders of Series B-3 Certificate of Designation will be entitled to receive by including a dividend of ten percent (10 for the fifth full quarter from the closing date and a dividend of twenty five percent (25 for the sixth quarter from the closing date. On May 1, 2023, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, and Supplement thereto (the LSA ), by and between the us and our subsidiary, PsyInnovations Inc. PsyInnovations ), collectively as the borrowers (the Borrowers and the Avenue Lenders. The LSA provides for a four-year secured credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 40 million (the Loan Facility ), of which 30 million was made available on the closing date (the Initial Tranche and up to 10 million may be made available on the later of July 1, 2023 or the date the Avenue Lenders approve the issuance of the Discretionary Tranche. On May 1, 2023, we closed on the Initial Tranche, less certain fees and expenses payable to or on behalf of the Avenue Lenders. As a result of the execution of the LSA and the funding of the Initial Tranche, the Company satisfied its prior Credit Agreement it previously executed with OrbiMed, on June 9, 2022 and terminated the Credit Agreement with Orbimed . All obligations under the LSA are guaranteed by our wholly owned subsidiary, Labstyle. All obligations under the LSA, and the guarantees of those obligations, are secured by substantially all of our, PsyInnovations and the guarantor's assets. Subject to certain milestones set forth in the LSA, the Borrowers shall make monthly payments to the Avenue Lenders of the interest at the then effective rate. If the Borrowers fail to meet the milestones set forth in the LSA, 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 the Borrowers shall make monthly principal installments in advance in an amount sufficient to fully amortize the Loan. The Borrowers shall repay amounts outstanding under the Loan Facility in full immediately upon an acceleration as a result of an event of default as set forth in the LSA. During the term of the Loan Facility, interest payable in cash by the Borrowers shall accrue on any outstanding balance due under the Loan Facility at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (x) the sum of four one-half percent (4.50 plus the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal and (y) twelve and one-half percent (12.50 ). During an event of default, any outstanding amount under the Loan Facility will bear interest at a rate of 5.00 in excess of the otherwise applicable rate of interest. The Borrowers will pay certain fees with respect to the Loan Facility, including an upfront commitment fee, an administration fee and a prepayment premium, as well as certain other fees and expenses of the Avenue Lenders. On February 15, 2024, we entered into the First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement and Supplement (the Avenue Amendment with the Avenue Lenders. Pursuant to the Avenue Amendment, the parties agreed to include the Merger Sub and Twill as parties to our existing loan facility with the Avenue Lenders. In addition, the Avenue Amendment provides (i) that we will seek stockholder approval to reprice the warrants issued to the lenders on May 1, 2023 to permit an amendment to the exercise price of such warrants to the minimum price as defined by Nasdaq rules as of the closing of the Twill Agreement and (ii) permit the Avenue Lenders, subject to Nasdaq rules, to convert up to two million of the principal amount of its loan to us at a conversion price of 4.001 per share. On June 25, 2024, the Company s stockholders approved the Avenue Amendment and repricing of the Warrants to purchase up to 584,882 shares of Common Stock issued to the lenders on May 1, 2023 from an exercise price 3.334 per share, to 2.02 which was the minimum price as defined by Nasdaq rules as of the closing of the Twill Agreement and (ii) permit the lenders, subject to Nasdaq rules, to convert up to 2,000 of the principal amount of the outstanding Avenue Loan Facility into Borrower s unrestricted shares of the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of 4.001. Pursuant to the LSA, the Company is obligated to maintain at least 5,000 of unrestricted cash in deposit accounts located in the United States. On May 1, 2023, we executed an agreement (the Preferred Agreement with existing holders of our Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock. Pursuant to the Preferred Agreement, we agreed to issue such holders of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock up to an aggregate of an additional 382,050 shares of common stock, in addition to the 1,273,499 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, in consideration for such holders agreeing not to convert their shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock. Such shares of common stock are issuable on the following dates, assuming the Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock has not yet been converted: (i) up to an aggregate of 63,675 shares of Common Stock before July 1, 2023, if not converted for at least one quarter, (ii) up to an aggregate of 127,350 shares of Common Stock before October 1, 2023, if not converted for at least two quarters, (iii) up to an aggregate of 191,026 shares of Common Stock before January 1, 2024, if not converted for at least three quarters, (iv) up to an aggregate of 254,700 shares of Common Stock before April 1, 2024, if not converted for at least four quarters, and (v) up to an aggregate of 382,050 shares of Common Stock before July 1, 2024, if not converted for at least five quarters. The holders of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive any such shares if the issuance of such shares will exceed a non-waivable 19.99 ownership blocker. On February 15, 2024, we entered into securities purchase agreements (each, a Series C Purchase Agreement with accredited investors relating to an offering (the Offering and the sale of an aggregate of (i) 17,307 shares of newly designated Series C Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock ), and (ii) 4,000 shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock (the Series C-1 Preferred Stock ), at a purchase price of 1,000 for each share of Preferred Stock. In addition, on February 16, 2024, the Company entered into Series C Purchase Agreements with accredited investors relating to the Offering and the sale of an aggregate of 1,115 shares of Series C-2 Preferred Stock (the Series C-2 Preferred Stock and together with the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series C-1 Preferred Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock ), at a purchase price of 1,000 for each share of Preferred Stock. As a result of the sale of the Series C Preferred Stock, the aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering were approximately 22,422,000. The closing of the Series C Preferred Stock, Series C-1 Preferred Stock and Series C-2 Preferred Stock occurred on or before February 21, 2024. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 There are no assurances, that we will be able to obtain an adequate level of financial resources that are required for the long-term development and commercialization of our product offerings. As such, we have a significant present need for capital. If we are unable to scale up our commercial launch of our products or meet our commercial sales targets (or if we are unable to generate any revenue at all), and if we are unable to obtain additional capital resources in the near term, we may be unable to continue activities absent material alterations in our business plans and our business might fail. Additionally, readers are advised that available resources may be consumed more rapidly than currently anticipated, resulting in the need for additional funding sooner than expected. Should this occur, we will need to seek additional capital earlier than anticipated in order to fund (1) further development and, if needed (2) our efforts to obtain regulatory clearances or approvals necessary to be able to commercially launch Dario, Dario Engage and Dario Intelligence, (3) expenses which will be required in order to expand manufacturing of our hardware, (4) sales and marketing efforts and (5) general working capital. Such funding may be unavailable to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to obtain such funding when needed could create a negative impact on our stock price or could potentially lead to the failure of our company. This would particularly be the case if we are unable to commercially distribute our hardware and services in the jurisdictions and in the timeframes we expect. Cash Flows (dollar amounts in thousands The following table sets forth selected cash flow information for the periods indicated: 

September 30, 2024 2023 Cash used in operating activities: (31,830) (23,038) Cash used in investing activities: (8,913) (464) Cash provided by financing activities: 20,206 18,253 (20,537) (5,249) Net cash used in operating activities Net cash used in operating activities was 31,830 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 38.2 compared to 23,038 used in operations for the same period in 2023. Cash used in operations increased mainly due to the increase in our operating expenses. Net cash used in investing activities Net cash used in investing activities was 8 ,9 13 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 464 net cash used in investing activities during the same period in 2023. The increase is mainly related to net fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed upon the acquisition of Twill during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Net cash provided from financing activities Net cash derived from financing activities was 20,206 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 18 ,253 net cash used by financing activities during the same period in 2023. The increase is mainly due to proceeds from the issuance of preferred shares in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (the Certifying Officers ), conducted evaluations of our disclosure controls and procedures. As defined under Sections 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act , the term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including the Certifying Officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on their evaluation, the Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were designed at a reasonable assurance level and were therefore effective. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls Readers are cautioned that our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will necessarily prevent all fraud and material error. An internal control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our control have been detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any control design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1A. Risk Factors. In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, except as noted below. Currently, our revenues are concentrated with a major customer, and our revenues may decrease significantly if we were to lose our major customer. Due to our limited operating history, we have a limited customer base and have depended on a major customer for a significant portion of our revenue. As of September 30, 2024, our major customer accounted for 40.4 of our accounts receivable balance and, for the three and nine -month periods ended September 30, 2024, the customer accounted for 25.6 and 24.5 , respectively, of our revenue. If the customer were to terminate the agreement, or if we fail to adequately perform under the agreement, and if we are unable to diversify our customer base, our revenue could decline, and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our principal executive offices and other significant operations are located in Israel, and, therefore, our results may be adversely affected by political, economic and military instability in Israel, including the multi front war Israel is currently facing. Our executive offices and corporate headquarters are located in Israel. In addition, most of our executive officers are residents of Israel, although the majority of our employees are located outside of Israel. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its Arab neighbors. On October 7, 2023, Hamas terrorists infiltrated Israel s southern border from the Gaza Strip and conducted a series of attacks on civilian and military targets. Hamas also launched extensive rocket attacks on Israeli population and industrial centers located along Israel s border with the Gaza Strip and in other areas within the State of Israel. Following the attack, Israel s security cabinet declared war against Hamas and the Israeli military began to call-up reservists for active duty. At the same time, and because of the war declaration against Hamas, the clash between Israel and Hezbollah in Lebanon has escalated to an armed conflict, which includes daily attacks on Israel. Furthermore, certain of our employees may be obligated to perform annual reserve duty in the Israel Defense Forces and are subject to being called up for active military duty at any time. Many Israeli citizens who have served in the army are required to perform reserve duty until they reach the age of 40 or older, depending upon the nature of their military service. None of our executive officers have been called up for active military duty. Our commercial insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of events associated with war and terrorism. Although the Israeli government currently covers the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot assure you that this government coverage will be maintained or that it will sufficiently cover our potential damages. We believe our current cash on hand will not be sufficient to fund our projected operating requirements for a period of one year from the issuance of these interim financial statements. This raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . We believe that our current cash on hand will not be sufficient to fund our projected operating requirements for a period of one year from the issuance of our interim financial statements. This raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and could materially limit our ability to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities or otherwise. Further reports on our financial statements may include an explanatory paragraph with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our investors may lose their 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 entire investment in our securities. Until we can generate significant revenues, if ever, we expect to satisfy our future cash needs through debt or equity financing. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. If funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate research or development plans for, or commercialization efforts with respect to our products. The market price of our common stock has been extremely volatile and may continue to be volatile due to numerous circumstances beyond our control. The market price of our common stock has fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, widely, due to many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. These factors include, without limitation: short squeezes comments by securities analysts or other third parties, including blogs, articles, message boards and social and other media; large stockholders exiting their position in our securities or an increase or decrease in the short interest in our securities; actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial and operating results; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; the commencement, enrollment or results of our planned or future clinical trials of our product candidates or those of our competitors; the success of competitive drugs or therapies; regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; the success of competitive products or technologies; developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; the recruitment or departure of key personnel; the level of expenses related to our product candidates or clinical development programs; litigation matters, including amounts which may or may not be recoverable pursuant to our officer and director insurance policies, regulatory actions affecting the Company and the outcome thereof; the results of our efforts to discover, develop, acquire or in-license additional product candidates; actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 market conditions in our market sector; general economic, political, and market conditions and overall fluctuations in the financial markets in the United States and abroad; and investors general perception of us and our business. Stock markets in general and our stock price in particular have recently experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies and our company. For example, the closing sale prices of our Common Stock from January 1, 2024 through November 5, 2024, ranged from a high of 2.55 per share (on February 15, 2024) to a low of 0.78 per share (on September 4, 2024). During that time, we have not experienced any material changes in our financial condition or results of operations that would explain such price volatility or trading volume; however, we have sold equity which was dilutive to existing stockholders. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our securities. Additionally, these and other external factors have caused and may continue to cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent our stockholders from readily selling their shares of our common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, if the stock price of our common stock continues to trade at its current level, it may imply as a negative indicator of the valuation of our intangible assets and our goodwill, which could result in an impairment for these assets. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. On September 16, 2024, we received a written notice from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that we are not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), as our closing bid price for our common stock was below 1.00 per share for the last 30 consecutive business days. Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have been granted a 180-calendar day compliance period, or until March 17, 2025, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. During the compliance period, our common stock will continue to be listed and traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market. To regain compliance, the closing bid price of our common stock must meet or exceed 1.00 per share for at least 10 consecutive business days during the 180-calendar day compliance period. If we are not in compliance by March 17, 2025, we may be afforded a second 180-calendar day compliance period. To qualify for this additional time, we will be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for Nasdaq with the exception of the minimum bid price requirement, and will need to provide written notice of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period. If we do not regain compliance within the allotted compliance period(s), including any extensions that may be granted by Nasdaq, Nasdaq will provide notice that our common stock will be subject to delisting. We intend to monitor the closing bid price of our common stock between now and March 17, 2025, and will consider available options to resolve our noncompliance with the minimum bid price requirement as may be necessary. There can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement or that we will otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq listing criteria. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds During the third quarter of 2024, we issued an aggregate of 418,550 shares of the Company s common stock to certain of our service providers as compensation in lieu of cash compensation owed to them for services rendered. We claimed exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), for the foregoing transactions under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 Item 5. Other Information. On November 4 , 2024, our Compensation Committee approved amendments to certain previously issued awards of restricted Common Stock in the aggregate amount of 68,750 and 250,000, respectively, granted to Mr. Erez Raphael, our Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Zvi Ben David, our Chief Financial Officer, in the aggregate amount of 23,750 and 125,000, respectively, on May 18, 2022 and March 6, 2024 (collectively, the Prior Awards to permit an immediate acceleration of the unvested portion of the Prior Awards in the event of change in control of the Company. Item 6. Exhibits. No. Description of Exhibit 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B-3 Preferred Stock of DarioHealth Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2024). 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a). 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a). 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 101.1 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iii) Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficiency, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and in detail. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: November 7, 2024 DarioHealth Corp. By: /s/ Erez Raphael Name: Erez Raphael Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Zvi Ben David Name: Zvi Ben David Title: Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 drio-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Erez Raphael, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of DarioHealth Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 0 7, 202 4 

/s/ Erez Raphael Erez Raphael Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 drio-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Zvi Ben David, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of DarioHealth Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 0 7, 2024 

/s/ Zvi Ben David Zvi Ben David Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 drio-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 DARIOHEALTH CORP. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the quarterly report of DarioHealth Corp., or the Company, on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, or the Report, I, Erez Raphael, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Erez Raphael Erez Raphael Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 07, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 drio-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 DARIOHEALTH CORP. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the quarterly report of DarioHealth Corp., or the Company, on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, or the Report, I, Zvi Ben David, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Zvi Ben David Zvi Ben David Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) November 07, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 drio-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 drio-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 drio-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 drio-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 drio-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

