<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1831840_0001628280-24-047115.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9329965</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>124226</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1593936</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3234830</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2257027</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1941269</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047115.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112160557
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047115
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEMrush Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001831840
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				844053265
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40276
		FILM NUMBER:		241448006

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 BOYLSTON STREET, SUITE 2475
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02199
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-851-9959

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 BOYLSTON STREET, SUITE 2475
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02199

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047115.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 semr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

semr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices including zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. or No. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). or No. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes or No 
 As of October 31, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s Class A Common Stock and shares of the registrant s Class B Common Stock, 0.00001 par value per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page Part I. Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 Part II. Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 48 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 48 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 48 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 49 
 Signatures 
 51 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including statements regarding our future results of operations, financial condition, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, our market opportunity and the potential growth of that market, our liquidity and capital needs and other similar matters, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, or would, or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and assumptions about future events, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 our future financial performance, including our revenue, annual recurring revenue ARR ), dollar-based net revenue retention rate, costs of revenue, gross profit or gross margin and operating expenses; 
 the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our liquidity needs; 
 anticipated trends and growth rates in our business and in the markets in which we operate; 
 our ability to maintain the security and availability of our internal networks and platform; 
 our ability to attract new paying customers and convert free customers into paying customers; 
 our ability to retain and expand sales to our existing paying customers, including upgrades to premium subscriptions and purchases of add-on offerings; 
 our ability to access, collect, and analyze data; 
 our ability to successfully expand in our existing markets and into new markets; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth and future expenses; 
 our ability to continue to innovate and develop new products and features, improve our data assets, and enhance our technological capabilities; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property; 
 our ability to build, maintain, and enhance our brand, including through informational resources, advertisements, and referrals; 
 our ability to comply with modified or new laws and regulations applying to our business, including in any new jurisdictions in which we operate; 
 the attraction and retention of qualified employees and key personnel; 
 our anticipated investments in sales and marketing, and research and development; 

our ability to successfully defend litigation brought against us; 
 our expectations regarding identifying, evaluating, executing, and integrating strategic acquisitions and related financial considerations such as purchase price allocation; and 
 the impact of global financial, economic, and political events on our business, industry and supply chain, including health epidemics, rising inflation, fluctuating interest rates, and market uncertainty and volatility. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments we may make. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. Unless stated otherwise, these statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. While we believe such information provides a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 

PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

 SEMRUSH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 As of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable Deferred contract costs, current portion Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred contract costs, net of current portion Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities, noncontrolling interest, and stockholders' equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, net of current portion Deferred tax liability Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) par value - shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Class B common stock, par value - shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity attributable to Semrush Holdings, Inc. Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, noncontrolling interest and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

SEMRUSH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Exit costs Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Other income, net Income (loss) before income taxes ) Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Semrush Holdings, Inc. ) Net income (loss) attributable to Semrush Holdings, Inc. per share attributable to common stockholders basic: ) Net income (loss) attributable to Semrush Holdings, Inc. per share attributable to common stockholders diluted: ) Weighted-average number of shares of common stock used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders basic: Weighted-average number of shares of common stock used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders diluted: Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Semrush Holdings, Inc. ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

SEMRUSH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) Conversion of Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Cumulative translation adjustment Unrealized loss on investments ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances at March 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized loss on investments ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances at June 30, 2023 ) ) Conversion of Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized gain on investments Net Income Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

SEMRUSH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total Stockholders Equity Attributable to Semrush Holdings, Inc. Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) ) Unrealized loss on investments ) ) ) Net income Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances at March 31, 2024 ) ) Conversion of Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) ) Unrealized loss on investments ) ) ) Net income Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Acquisition of redeemable noncontrolling interest (See Note 9) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Reclassification for Tender Offer obligations (See Note 9) ) Recording of redeemable noncontrolling interest at redemption value (See Note 9) ) ) ) Balances at June 30, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Cumulative translation adjustment Unrealized gain on investments Net loss Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Reclassification for Tender Offer obligations (See Note 9) ) Reclassification of redeemable noncontrolling interest to noncontrolling interest ) Acquisition of additional noncontrolling shares ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

SEMRUSH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, Operating Activities 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Depreciation and amortization expense Amortization of deferred contract costs Amortization (accretion) of premiums and discounts on investments ) ) Non-cash lease expense Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash interest expense Change in fair value included in other income, net ) ) Deferred taxes ) Other non-cash items Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) Deferred contract costs ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses Other current liabilities ) Deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Change in operating lease liability ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing Activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Capitalization of internal-use software costs ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments Purchases of convertible debt securities ) ) Funding of investment loan receivable ) Cash paid for acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) Purchases of other investments ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of shares in connection with employee stock purchase plan Payment of acquired debt ) Payment of finance leases ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental cash flow disclosures Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Property and equipment purchases not paid Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Accrued purchase consideration Unrealized gain (loss) on short-term investments ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

SEMRUSH HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise noted) 

1. 
 6 

2. 
 
 7 

of purchase. 
 The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. There were no changes to the Company s revenue recognition policies since the filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC on March 7, 2024. 
 Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in deferred revenue or revenue, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met. The Company primarily invoices and collects payments from customers for its services in advance on a monthly or annual basis. 
 Deferred revenue represents amounts billed for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Deferred revenue that will be recognized during the succeeding 12-month period is recorded as deferred revenue, and the remaining portion is recorded as deferred revenue, net of current portion. Deferred revenue increased by as of September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and of revenue was recognized that was included in deferred revenue at the beginning of each respective period. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and of revenue was recognized that was included in deferred revenue at the beginning of each respective period. 
 The Company has elected to exclude amounts charged to customers for sales tax from the transaction price. Accordingly, revenue is presented net of any sales tax collected from customers. 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Future Performance Obligations` 
 ASC 606 requires that the Company disclose the aggregate amount of the transaction price that is allocated to performance obligations that have not yet been satisfied as of the balance sheet dates reported. 
 8 

, of which the Company expects to recognize over the next months. 
 For contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less, the Company has applied the practical expedient available under ASC 606 to not disclose the amount of transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations as of September 30, 2024. For performance obligations not satisfied as of September 30, 2024, and to which this expedient applies, the nature of the performance obligations is consistent with performance obligations satisfied as of December 31, 2023. 
 Costs to Obtain a Contract 
 The incremental direct costs of obtaining a contract, which primarily consist of sales commissions paid for new subscription contracts, are deferred and recorded as deferred contract costs in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets and are amortized over a period of approximately months on a systematic basis, consistent with the pattern of transfer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. The -month period represents the estimated benefit period of the customer relationship and has been determined by taking into consideration the type of product sold, the commitment term of the customer contract, the nature of the Company s technology development life-cycle, and an estimated customer relationship period based on historical experience and future expectations. Deferred contract costs that will be recorded as expense during the succeeding 12-month period are recorded as deferred contract costs, current portion, and the remaining portion is recorded as deferred contract costs, net of current portion. Amortization of deferred contract costs is included in sales and marketing expense in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no individual customer represented more than 10 of the Company s accounts receivable. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, no individual customer represented more than 10 of the Company s revenue. 
 9 

See below for further discussion. 
 
 The foreign currency exchange gain (loss) included in other income, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was ) and ), respectively. The foreign currency exchange gain (loss) included in other income, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and ), respectively. 
 
 10 

3. 
 material realized gains or losses on investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. The Company did hold any investments in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months as of September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the aggregate fair value of investments held by the Company in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months was . As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate fair value of investments held by the Company in a continuous unrealized loss position for greater than twelve months was . The Company did hold any investments in an unrealized loss position for greater than twelve months as of December 31, 2023. 
 On January 1, 2023, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) and ASU 2019-04, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses, Topic 815 Derivatives and Hedging and Topic 825, Financial Instruments . Under these standards, the Company reviews available-for-sale securities for impairment whenever the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost. If impairment exists and the Company intends to sell the security or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis, the Company will write down the amortized cost basis to its fair value at the reporting date, recognizing the difference as a loss within other income, net in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. If the Company does not intend to sell the security nor is it more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis, the Company will determine if any portion of the unrealized loss on the security is due to credit loss. If the impairment is entirely or partially due to credit loss, the Company will measure the credit loss up to the amount of the difference between fair value and amortized cost, and recognize an allowance for credit losses along with the related charge against earnings as a loss within other income, net in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The remaining impairment amount due to all other factors is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. Subsequent changes to the Company s estimate of credit losses will be recorded as adjustments to the allowance for credit losses and other income, net. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company determined that no impairments were required to be recognized in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 11 

) Investments: U.S. treasury securities ) Total investments ) Total cash, cash equivalents, and investments ) 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Investments: U.S. treasury securities due in one year or less ) Total investments ) Total cash, cash equivalents and investments ) 
 The Company considered the extent to which any unrealized losses on its marketable securities were driven by credit risk and other factors, including market risk, and if it is more-likely-than-not that the Company would have to sell the security before the recovery of the amortized cost basis. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unrealized losses related to its marketable securities were due to rising market interest rates compared to when the investments were initiated. The Company does not believe the unrealized losses represent credit risk, and the Company does not intend to sell any of the securities in an unrealized loss position and it is not likely that the Company would be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. Thus, no credit loss was recognized for the Company's marketable securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company held in U.S. treasury securities with maturities within one year and held in U.S. treasury securities with maturities after one year and within three years. 
 Restricted Cash 
 As of September 30, 2024, restricted cash totaled related to cash held as collateral for a letter of credit related to the contractual provisions for one of the Company s office leases. 
 Restricted cash included in "other long-term assets" Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 12 

4. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2024 Amortization of lease assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate were as follows: 
 As of September 30, 
 2024 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Operating leases Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no finance or operating leases that had not yet commenced. 
 13 

and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Rent expense related to the Company s office facilities was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

5. 
 U.S. treasury securities Commercial paper Convertible debt securities (See Note 7) Investment loan receivable (See Note 7) Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1 Inputs) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2 Inputs) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3 Inputs) Total Assets: Money market funds U.S. treasury securities Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration Total liabilities 
 
 14 

Investment in convertible debt security Change in fair value included in other income, net Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Investment Loan Receivables 
 The Company elected to account for this investment by utilizing the fair value option. The Company records investment loan receivables at their fair value on the agreement date. Each reporting period thereafter, these receivables are revalued and increases or decreases in their fair values are recorded as an adjustment to other income, net within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The Company generally determines the fair value using the discounted cash flow method. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value include the interest rate, risk-free rate, expected repayment date, equity value, equity volatility, expected timing of exercise, and the credit spread assumption specific to the investment loan. Significant judgment is employed in determining the appropriateness of these assumptions as of the acquisition date and for each subsequent period. 
 Initial funding of investment loan receivable Balance as of March 31, 2024 Change in fair value included in other income, net Balance as of June 30, 2024 Additional funding of investment loan receivable Change in fair value included in other income, net ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 15 

and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the primary inputs to the fair value of the contingent consideration were the risk free rate, the discount rate, and the revenue volatility. As of September 30, 2024, it was not probable that the payment would be earned. 
 Changes in the estimated fair value of the Datos contingent consideration payable will be recognized in other income, net. 
 Change in fair value included in other income, net Balance as of March 31, 2024 Change in fair value included in other income, net Balance as of June 30, 2024 Change in fair value included in other income, net ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

6. 
 Furniture and office equipment Leasehold improvements Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

16 

7. 
 to the borrower with a repayment date in March 2025. During September 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated loan agreement in which it loaned an additional to the borrower with a repayment date in March 2025. In addition to the loan facility, the Company entered into an option agreement with the borrower in which the Company had the right, but not the obligation, to acquire a majority of the outstanding common stock of the borrower during the period beginning July 1, 2024 and ending August 31, 2024. The Company accounts for the loan agreement and option agreement as a single financial instrument (together, the Investment Loan Receivable ). The Company recorded the Investment Loan Receivable at its fair value of on the agreement date. The Company did not exercise the option agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Investment Loan Receivable was and was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 With respect to the Investment Loan Receivable, the Company held a variable interest in the borrower, which is a variable interest entity. After evaluation of the relationship between the Company and this variable interest entity, the Company determined not to consolidate this variable interest entity s results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Significant judgments included the determination that the Company was not the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity given the Company s variable interests did not constitute a controlling financial interest. 
 Investments in Convertible Debt 
 In July 2024, the Company purchased a convertible debt security for a total aggregate investment of with a maturity date of July 22, 2027 and annual interest rate of . Interest accrues on the note and becomes payable upon conversion or maturity of the note. This convertible debt security is classified as an available-for-sale security. As of September 30, 2024, the note was included in other long-term assets in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. The Company accounts for the investment by utilizing the fair value option within ASC 825, Financial Instruments ASC 825 ), and accounting for the entire hybrid instrument at fair value through other income (expense). The Company recorded an increase in the fair value of the convertible note of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 8. 
 17 

Dilutive effect of share equivalents resulting from stock options Dilutive effect of share equivalents resulting from restricted stock units Weighted-average number of shares of common stock used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders diluted 
 Unvested RSUs and PSUs 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and shares of Class A common stock potentially issuable under Performance Stock Units PSUs were excluded from the table above, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and shares of Class A common stock potentially issuable under PSUs were excluded from the table above, respectively. The performance-based conditions had not been met and were deemed improbable of achievement as of the reporting period end date. See Note 14 for additional information regarding the Company s PSUs. 
 
 9. 
 which includes a holdback 
 18 

to be paid on August 15, 2025. This holdback amount is included in other current liabilities within the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Company assigned a value of to the acquired identifiable intangible assets consisted of content, customer relationships, and developed technology, which are amortized over the assets useful lives using a straight-line amortization method. The Company assigned useful lives to the acquired content, customer relationships, and developed technology, of , , and , respectively. The Company used the guideline public company method to value the identifiable intangible assets. After allocating the purchase price to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the remaining purchase price of was allocated to goodwill, which primarily relates to expected future site traffic generation and is deductible for tax purposes. The allocation of the purchase price is preliminary as of September 30, 2024 as the Company continues to gather information supporting the acquired assets and liabilities to finalize the purchase price allocation. 
 The Company recorded and in transaction costs related to the transaction during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which are included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) in its income from continuing operations under the line item, General and administrative . 
 As of August 15, 2024, the results of Exploding Topics operations are included within the Company s consolidated financial statements. This business combination did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Therefore, actual results of operations subsequent to the acquisition date and pro forma results of operations have not been presented. 
 Ryte 
 On July 11, 2024, the Company acquired of the outstanding shares of Ryte GmbH ("Ryte"). The Company has accounted for this transaction as a business combination under the acquisition method. The purpose of this business combination was to expand the Company s enterprise offerings by adding enterprise site audit and website performance monitoring. 
 Fair value of deferred purchase payments Total purchase consideration 
 The Company determined that the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was , including the cash paid at close and the fair value of the deferred purchase payments as of September 30, 2024. The fair value of deferred purchase payments represents the fair value of payments of each, the first of which will be paid July 11, 2025 and is included within other current liabilities within the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The second payment is due January 11, 2026 and is included in other long term liabilities within the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 19 

Accounts Receivable Prepaid Expenses Other current assets Other assets Identifiable intangible assets Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Accounts payable Short-term debt Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Other liabilities Total Liabilities Assumed Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, net 
 The Company allocated of the purchase price to identifiable intangible assets consisting of developed technology, customer relationships, and trade names, which it amortizes over the assets useful lives using a straight-line amortization method. The Company assigned useful lives to acquired developed technology, customer relationships, and trade names, of , , and , respectively. The Company used the multi-period excess earnings method to value the developed technology. The Company used the distributor method, a variation of the multi-period excess earnings method to value the customer relationships. The Company used the relief from royalty method to value the trade names. Trade names primarily relate to the Ryte brand. The significant assumptions used to estimate the value of the intangible assets included the discount rate, revenue growth rates, adjusted operating margin, and obsolescence. After allocating the purchase price to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the remaining purchase price was allocated to goodwill, which primarily relates to expected synergies with our existing product offerings and is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 The Company recorded and in transaction costs related to the transaction during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which are included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) in its income from continuing operations under the line item, General and administrative . 
 As of July 11, 2024, the results of Ryte s operations are included within the Company s consolidated financial statements. This business combination did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Therefore, actual results of operations subsequent to the acquisition date and pro forma results of operations have not been presented. 
 Brand 24 
 On April 29, 2024, the Company completed a stock purchase agreement to acquire approximately of the voting equity interests in Brand 24 S.A. Brand 24 ). The Company has accounted for this transaction as a business combination under the acquisition method. The purpose of the business 
 20 

Fair value of deferred purchase payments Consideration transferred 
 The Company determined that the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was , including the fair value of the noncontrolling interest in Brand 24 of , which is reflected in the stockholders equity section of the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The fair value of the noncontrolling interest on the closing date was estimated considering the implied enterprise value and the acquired percentage of Brand 24. The fair value of deferred purchase payments represents the fair value of payments of each, the first of which will be paid December 31, 2024 and is included within other current liabilities within the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The second payment is due November 12, 2025 and is included in other long term liabilities within the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The deferred purchase payments will accrue interest of per year. 
 Accounts Receivable Other assets Identifiable intangible assets Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Deferred revenue, current Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total Liabilities Assumed Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, net Fair value of noncontrolling interest Fair value of controlling interest acquired 
 The Company allocated of the purchase price to identifiable intangible assets consisting of customer relationships, developed technology, and trade names, which it amortizes over the assets useful lives using a straight-line amortization method. The Company assigned useful lives to acquired customer relationships, developed technology, and trade names, of , , and , respectively. The Company used the multi-period excess earnings method to value the customer relationships. Customer relationships represent the underlying relationships with certain customers to provide ongoing services for products sold. To value the developed technology and trade names assets, the Company utilized the relief from royalty method. Trade names primarily relate to the Brand 24 brand. The significant assumptions used to estimate the value of the intangible assets included the discount rate, 
 21 

and in transaction costs related to the transaction during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which are included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) in its income from continuing operations under the line item, General and administrative . 
 As of April 29, 2024, the results of Brand 24 s operations are included within the Company s consolidated financial statements. This business combination did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Therefore, actual results of operations subsequent to the acquisition date and pro forma results of operations have not been presented. 
 In April 2024 the Company entered into award agreements with certain members of Brand 24 Management. These awards are accounted for as liability-classified awards under ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation . The fair value of the awards were estimated using a Monte Carlo Simulation. The Company recorded and in post-acquisition compensation expense related to these awards during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 In May 2024, the Company announced a tender offer to purchase up to shares of Brand 24 (the Tender Offer at a price equal to PLN per share with an opening date for subscriptions of May 31, 2024 and a closing date for subscriptions of July 2, 2024. In July 2024, the Company completed the Tender Offer for outstanding shares of Brand 24 and purchased incremental shares for an aggregate cost of paid during the three months ended September 30, 2024 using cash on hand. The Tender Offer increased the Company s ownership to shares representing approximately of the shares of Brand 24. 
 Datos 
 On December 1, 2023, the Company completed a stock purchase agreement to acquire approximately of the voting equity interests in Datos Inc. Datos ). The Company has accounted for this transaction as a business combination under the acquisition method. The primary purpose of this business combination is to acquire Datos valuable clickstream data software. The Company performed acquisition accounting as of December 1, 2023. Cash paid at close Other consideration Total purchase consideration 
 
 The Company determined that the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was , including the fair value of the noncontrolling interest in Datos of . The fair value of the noncontrolling interest is inclusive of the fair value of the acquired call option, which gives the Company the right, but not the obligation, to purchase the remaining shares in Datos during the period beginning January 1, 2026 and ending on January 1, 2027 (the Call Option ). The Company estimated the fair value of the noncontrolling interest, inclusive of the Call Option, using an option pricing method (a special case of the income approach), considering the initial transaction price and based on Level 3 significant unobservable inputs such as the total equity value of Datos, forecasted revenues, volatility, and risk-adjusted discount rates. Other consideration includes the deferred purchase payments, the contingent 
 22 

was made during March 2024 related to other consideration. The remaining fair value of other consideration has been recorded to other current liabilities in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The table below summarizes the Company s purchase price allocation. Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment, net Other long-term assets Identifiable intangible assets Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Accounts payable Deferred revenue Accrued expenses Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities Assumed Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, net Fair value of noncontrolling interest, including call option Fair value of controlling interest acquired 
 The Company did record any transaction costs related to the transaction during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company recorded in transaction costs related to the transaction during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which are included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) in its income from continuing operations under the line item, General and administrative . 
 As of December 1, 2023, the results of Datos operations are included within the Company s consolidated financial statements. This business combination did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Therefore, actual results of operations subsequent to the acquisition date and pro forma results of operations have not been presented. 
 Traffic Think Tank 
 On February 23, 2023, the Company completed a purchase agreement with Rank, LLC Traffic Think Tank ), acquiring certain intangible assets of Traffic Think Tank for total cash consideration of , of which was paid during February 2024 (the -month holdback amount and was paid during August 2024 (the -month holdback amount ). The remaining consideration was paid upon closing. The primary purpose of the acquisition was to acquire valuable brand and content related to Traffic Think Tank s SEO community and courses. 
 This business combination did not have a material impact on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Therefore, actual results of operations subsequent to the acquisition date and pro forma results of operations have not been presented. 
 
 23 

) Trade name ) Content ) Customer relationships ) Capitalized internal-use software ) Total as of September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 Weighted Average Remaining Useful Life (years) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Developed technology ) Trade name ) Content ) Customer relationships ) Capitalized internal-use software ) Total as of December 31, 2023 
 ) 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company capitalized and , respectively, of software development costs, which are classified as intangible assets on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets, and recorded amortization expense associated with its capitalized software development costs of and , respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company capitalized and , respectively, of software development costs, and recorded amortization expense associated with its capitalized software development costs of and , respectively. 
 Amortization expense for acquired intangible assets was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Amortization expense for acquired intangible assets was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 24 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Goodwill 
 Datos purchase price allocation adjustment ) Brand 24 acquisition Ryte acquisition Exploding Topics acquisition Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance as of September 30, 2024 

10. 
 incur exit costs. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred exit costs of and , respectively, related to relocation efforts. 
 
 11. 
 Income taxes payable Other taxes payable Vacation reserves Other Total accrued expenses 
 
 25 

12. 
 and , respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded provisions for income taxes of and , respectively. The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the U.S. statutory rate due primarily to the impact of earnings in foreign jurisdictions and the impact of the requirement to capitalize and amortize certain research and development costs which results in a current U.S. tax provision but no deferred tax benefit as a result of the valuation allowance maintained against our net deferred tax assets. The Company s income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily relates to income earned in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. These differences are measured using the enacted statutory tax rates that are expected to be in effect for the years in which differences are expected to reverse. On a periodic basis, the Company reassesses any valuation allowances it maintains on its deferred tax assets, weighing positive and negative evidence to assess the recoverability of the deferred tax assets. The Company maintains a valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets. 
 
 13. 
 Common stock reserved for future issuance Restricted stock units and performance stock units outstanding Total authorized shares of common stock reserved for future issuance 
 share of Class A common stock at the option of the holder at any time and upon certain other events. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, a total of shares of Class B Common Stock were converted to Class A Common Stock. 
 
 26 

14. 
 and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and recorded and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested common stock option arrangements, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. As of September 30, 2024, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock unit awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. As of September 30, 2024, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested performance stock unit awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. As there was no public market for its common stock prior to March 25, 2021, which was the first day of trading, and as the trading history of the Company s common stock is limited, the Company determined the expected volatility for options granted based on an analysis of reported data for a peer group of companies that issued options with substantially similar terms. The expected volatility of options granted has been determined using an average of the historical volatility measures of this peer group of companies. The expected life of options granted to employees was calculated using the simplified method, which represents the average of the contractual term of the option and the weighted-average vesting period of the option. The Company uses the simplified method because it does not have sufficient historical option exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. The risk-free interest rate is based on a treasury instrument whose term is consistent with the expected life of the share option. The Company has not paid, nor anticipates paying, cash dividends on its ordinary shares; therefore, the expected dividend yield is assumed to be . 
 27 

Weighted-average risk-free interest rate N/A Expected dividend yield N/A Expected life in years N/A 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Options exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 The Company did grant option awards during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was per share. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and per share, respectively. Tax benefits of and were realized from options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Tax benefits of and were realized from options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value for options exercised during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value for options exercised during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value for options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value was calculated based on the positive difference, if any, between the estimated fair value of the Company s common stock on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, or the date of exercise, as appropriate, and the exercise price of the underlying options. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted to employees RSUs for and shares of Class A common stock, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company granted to employees RSUs for and shares of Class A common stock, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs of and 
 28 

, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs of and , respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 The Company did grant PSU awards during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted to employees PSU awards for shares of Class A common stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and of stock-based compensation expense has been recognized in connection with PSU awards, respectively. The Company did grant PSU awards during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, an insignificant amount of stock-based compensation expense has been recognized in connection with PSU awards, respectively. 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested balance at September 30, 2024 

15. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Total 
 Litigation 
 From time to time the Company may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company currently believes that the final outcome of these ordinary course 
 29 

16.) ) ) Interest income, net Other income, net ) Total other income, net 

17. 
 operating segment. 
 30 

United Kingdom Other Total revenue 
 Netherlands Spain Czech Republic Other Total assets 

18. 
 million. The acquisition will be accounted for as a business combination under ASC 805, Business Combinations. The Company is in the process of finalizing the accounting for this transaction and will complete the preliminary allocation of the purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the end of the fourth quarter of 2024 . 
 31 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and related notes that are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, along with the financial information included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 7, 2024. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis, including information with respect to our planned investments in our research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative functions, contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, beliefs, and expectations that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. 

Company Overview 
 We are a leading online visibility management SaaS platform, enabling companies globally to identify and reach the right audience in the right context and through the right channels. Online visibility represents how effectively companies connect with consumers across a variety of digital channels, including search, social and digital media, digital public relations, and review websites. Our proprietary SaaS platform enables us to aggregate and enrich trillions of data points collected from hundreds of millions of unique domains, social media platforms, online ads, and web traffic. This allows our customers to understand trends, derive unique and actionable insights to improve their websites and social media pages, and distribute highly relevant content to their targeted customers across channels to drive high quality traffic. 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue from monthly and annual subscriptions to our online visibility management platform under a SaaS model. Subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term beginning on the date the product is made available to customers. 
 We currently operate subsidiaries in the United States, Spain, the Czech Republic, the Netherlands, Cyprus, Serbia, Poland, Germany, Armenia, Canada, Vietnam, and France. 
 Our revenue is primarily generated through sales of our products around the globe. The largest portion of our revenue continues to be driven by customers based in the U.S. and UK, generating combined revenues of 53.5 million and 153.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 45.2 million and 129.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 We have one reportable segment. See Note 17 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 

Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We regularly review a number of factors that have impacted, and we believe will continue to impact, our results of operations and growth. These factors include: 
 Acquiring New Paying Customers 
 We expect increasing demand for third-party online visibility software to accelerate adoption of our platform. Our recurring subscription model provides significant visibility into our future results and we 
 32 

believe Annual Recurring Revenue ARR is the best indicator of the scale of our platform, while mitigating fluctuations due to seasonality and contract term. We define ARR as of a given date as the monthly recurring revenue that we expect to contractually receive from all paid subscription agreements that are actively generating revenue as of that date multiplied by 12. We include both monthly recurring paid subscriptions, which renew automatically unless canceled, as well as annual recurring paid subscriptions so long as we do not have any indication that a customer has canceled or intends to cancel its subscription and we continue to generate revenue from them. As of September 30, 2024, we had over 117,000 paying customers, accounting for 400.7 million in ARR, an increase from more than 106,000 paying customers accounting for 322.8 million in ARR as of September 30, 2023. 
 Retaining and Expanding Sales to Our Existing Customers 
 We serve a diverse customer base across a variety of sizes and industries that is focused on maximizing their online visibility. We believe there is significant opportunity to expand within our existing customer base as customers often initially purchase our entry-level subscription, which offers lower usage limits and limited user licenses, as well as fewer features. We have demonstrated the ability to expand contract values with our existing customers as they use our products and recognize the critical nature of our platform and often seek premium offerings through incremental usage, features, add-ons, and additional user licenses. 
 Our dollar-based net revenue retention rate enables us to evaluate our ability to retain and expand subscription revenue generated from our existing customers. Our dollar-based net revenue retention rate as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was approximately 107 . 
 We calculate our dollar-based net revenue retention rate as of the end of a period by using (a) the revenue from our customers during the twelve month period ending one year prior to such period as the denominator and (b) the revenue from those same customers during the twelve months ending as of the end of such period as the numerator. This calculation excludes revenue from new customers and any non-recurring revenue. 
 We have successfully increased ARR per paying customer over time and believe this metric is an indicator of our ability to grow the long-term value of our platform. We expect ARR per paying customer to continue to increase as customers adopt our premium offerings and we continue to introduce new products and functionality. Our ARR per paying customer as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was 3,414 and 3,022, respectively, in absolute unrounded amounts. We define ARR per paying customer as of a given date as ARR from our paying customers as of that date divided by the number of paying customers as of that date. We define the number of paying customers as the number of unique business and individual customers as of a given date. We define a business customer as all accounts that contain a common non-individual business email domain (e.g., all subscriptions with an email domain of @XYZ.com will be considered to be one customer), and an individual customer as an account that uses an individual non-business email domain. 
 Sustaining Product and Technology Innovation 
 We have a strong track record of developing new products that have high adoption rates among our paying customers. Our product development organization plays a critical role in continuing to enhance the effectiveness and differentiation of our technology in an evolving landscape and maximizing retention of our existing customers. We intend to continue investing in product development to improve our data assets, expand our products and enhance our technological capabilities. 
 
 33 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our financial results determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), we believe that non-GAAP income (loss) from operations, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations margin, free cash flow and free cash flow margin, each a non-GAAP financial measure, are useful in evaluating the performance of our business. 
 Non-GAAP income (loss) from operations, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations margin, free cash flow and free cash flow margin 
 We define non-GAAP income (loss) from operations as GAAP income (loss) from operations, excluding stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangible assets, acquisition related costs, restructuring costs and other one-time expenses outside the ordinary course of business (for example, our Exit Costs incurred primarily in 2022). We define non-GAAP operating margin as non-GAAP income (loss) from operations divided by GAAP revenue. We believe investors may want to consider our results with and without the effects of these items in order to compare our financial performance with that of other companies that exclude such items and to compare our results to prior periods. We monitor non-GAAP income (loss) from operations and non-GAAP income (loss) from operations margin as two measures of our overall business performance, which enables us to analyze our future performance and allows us to better understand the operating results of our business. We define free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software development costs. We define free cash flow margin as free cash flow divided by GAAP revenue. We monitor free cash flow and free cash flow margin as two measures of our overall business performance, which enables us to analyze our future performance without the effects of non-cash items and allows us to better understand the cash needs of our business. While we believe that non-GAAP income (loss) from operations, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations margin, free cash flow and free cash flow margin are useful in evaluating our business, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations and non-GAAP income (loss) from operations margin, free cash flow and free cash flow margin are each non-GAAP financial measures that have limitations as an analytical tool, and non-GAAP income (loss) from operations and non-GAAP income (loss) from operations margin should not be considered as an alternative to, or substitute for, income (loss) from operations in accordance with GAAP and free cash flow and free cash flow margin should not be considered as an alternative to, or substitute for, net cash provided by (used in) operating activities in accordance with GAAP. The utility of free cash flow and free cash flow margin as a measure of our liquidity is further limited as each measure does not represent the total increase or decrease in our cash balance for any given period. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate free cash flow and free cash flow margin differently or not at all, which reduces the usefulness of free cash flow and free cash flow margin as a tool for comparison. A summary of our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities is provided below. We recommend that you review the reconciliation of GAAP income (loss) from operations to non-GAAP income (loss) from operations, the reconciliation of GAAP income (loss) from operations margin to non-GAAP income (loss) from operations margin, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, provided below, the reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, and the reconciliation of free cash flow margin to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (as a percentage of revenue), the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, and that you not rely on non-GAAP income (loss) from 
 34 

operations, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations margin, free cash flow, free cash flow margin or any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Income (loss) from operations 6,567 (10,349) Stock-based compensation expense 19,856 10,764 Amortization of acquired intangibles 2,962 1,631 Restructuring and other costs 2,331 1,292 Acquisition-related costs, net 2,265 Non-GAAP income from operations 
 33,981 3,338 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 Income (loss) from operations (as a percentage of revenue) 2.4 (4.6) Stock-based compensation expense (as a percentage of revenue) 7.2 4.8 Amortization of acquired intangibles (as a percentage of revenue) 1.1 0.7 Restructuring and other costs (as a percentage of revenue) 0.9 0.6 Acquisition-related costs, net (as a percentage of revenue) 0.8 Non-GAAP income from operations margin 
 12.4 1.5 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 35,063 (3,567) Net cash used in investing activities (51,076) (34,319) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 2,009 (928) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 424 238 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (13,580) (38,576) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 35,063 (3,567) Purchases of property and equipment (3,411) (1,065) Capitalization of internal-use software costs (5,842) (3,913) Free cash flow 25,810 (8,545) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (as a percentage of revenue) 12.8 (1.6) Purchases of property and equipment (as a percentage of revenue) (1.2) (0.5) Capitalization of internal-use software costs (as a percentage of revenue) (2.1) (1.7) Free cash flow margin 9.5 (3.8) 
 
 35 

Components of our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate nearly all of our revenue from subscriptions to our online visibility management platform under a SaaS model. Subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term beginning on the date on which we provide the customer access to our platform. Our customers do not have the right to take possession of our software. Our subscriptions are generally non-cancellable during the contractual subscription term, however our subscription contracts contain a right to a refund if requested within seven days of purchase. 
 We offer our paid products to customers via monthly or annual subscription plans, as well as one-time and ongoing add-ons. Our subscription-based model enables customers to select a plan based on their needs and license our platform on a per user per month basis. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we served over 117,000 paying customers in various industries, and our revenue is not concentrated with any single customer or industry. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, no single customer accounted for more than 10 of our revenue. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue primarily consists of expenses related to hosting our platform, acquiring data, merchant account fees, and providing support to our customers. These expenses are comprised of personnel and related costs, including salaries, benefits, incentive compensation, and stock-based compensation expenses related to the management of our data centers, our customer support team, and our customer success team. In addition to these expenses, we incur third-party service provider costs, such as data center and networking expenses, data acquisition costs, allocated overhead costs, depreciation and amortization expense associated with our property and equipment, and amortization of capitalized software development costs and intangible assets acquired through business combinations and asset acquisitions. We allocate overhead costs, such as rent and facility costs, certain information technology and data analytics costs, and employee benefit costs to all departments based primarily on headcount. As such, general overhead expenses are reflected in cost of revenue and each operating expense category. 
 We expect our cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars due to expenditures related to the purchase of hardware, data, expansion, and support of our data center operations and customer support/success teams. We have seen improvement in our cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue, and expect it to remain near current levels. It may fluctuate from period to period depending on the timing of significant expenditures. To the extent that our customer base grows, we intend to continue to invest additional resources in expanding the delivery capability of our products and other services. The timing of these additional expenses could affect our cost of revenue, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue in any particular quarterly or annual period. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of personnel and related costs directly associated with our sales and marketing department, including salaries, benefits, incentive compensation, and stock-based compensation, online advertising expenses, and marketing and promotional expenses, as well as allocated overhead costs. We expense all costs as they are incurred, excluding sales commissions identified as incremental costs to obtain a contract, which are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the average period of benefit, which we estimate to be two years. We expect that our sales and marketing expenses will fluctuate as a percentage of revenue based on the timing of related costs. 
 36 

New sales personnel require training and may take several months or more to achieve productivity; as such, the costs we incur in connection with the hiring of new sales personnel in a given period are not typically offset by increased revenue in that period and may not result in new revenue if these sales personnel fail to become productive. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel and related costs, including salaries, benefits, incentive compensation, stock-based compensation, and allocated overhead costs. Research and development expenses also include depreciation expense and other expenses associated with product development. Other than internal-use software costs that qualify for capitalization, research and development costs are expensed as incurred. We plan to increase the dollar amount of our investment in research and development for the foreseeable future as we focus on developing new products, features, and enhancements to our platform. We believe that investing in the development of new products, features, and enhancements improves customer experience, makes our platform more attractive to new paying customers, and provides us with opportunities to expand sales to existing paying customers and convert free customers to paying customers. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel and related expenses, including salaries, benefits, incentive compensation, and stock-based compensation, associated with our finance, legal, human resources, IT, and other administrative employees. Our general and administrative expenses also include professional fees for external legal, accounting, and other consulting services, insurance, depreciation and amortization expense, as well as allocated overhead. We expect to increase the size of our general and administrative functions to support the growth of our business. We expect to continue to incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including costs to comply with rules and regulations applicable to companies listed on a U.S. securities exchange, costs related to compliance and reporting obligations pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, increases in insurance premiums, investor relations and professional services. We expect our general and administrative expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue over time. 
 Exit Costs 
 All costs associated with our relocation efforts are included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations in our income from continuing operations under the line item, Exit Costs . Exit costs in connection with our relocation efforts include employee severance and fringe benefit costs and other associated relocation costs. We do not expect to incur exit costs associated with relocation efforts in future periods. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Included in other income, net are foreign currency transaction gains and losses. In accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters , we redetermined our functional currencies of our international locations as of January 1, 2022, when it was determined the local currencies for these regions were most appropriate. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the functional currencies of our international locations were the local currencies for these regions. Any differences resulting from the re-measurement of assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are recorded within other income, net. We expect our foreign currency exchange gains and losses to continue to fluctuate in the future as foreign currency exchange rates change. 
 Other income, net also includes amounts for interest income and expense, other miscellaneous income and expense, and gains and losses unrelated to our core operations. We have elected the fair value option in respect to the accounting for our convertible note investments, allowing for increases and 
 37 

decreases in the fair value of such investments to be recorded to other income, net for each reporting period. Interest expense is related to our finance leases. 
 Income Tax Provision 
 We operate in several tax jurisdictions and are subject to taxes in each country or jurisdiction in which we conduct business. We account for income taxes in accordance with the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using statutory rates. In addition, this method requires a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. To date, we have incurred cumulative net losses and maintain a full valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets. Our tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily relates to the tax provision recorded on the earnings of our profitable foreign subsidiaries and the requirement to capitalize and amortize certain research and development costs which results in a current U.S. tax provision but no deferred tax benefit as a result of the valuation allowance maintained against our net deferred tax assets. Our tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily relates to income earned in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 38 

Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth information comparing our results of operations in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparison of results is not necessarily indicative of results for future periods. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) (in thousands) Revenue 97,410 78,718 274,173 224,281 Cost of revenue (1) 17,063 13,032 46,665 38,643 Gross profit 80,347 65,686 227,508 185,638 Operating expenses Sales and marketing (1) 35,689 30,094 104,610 95,827 Research and development (1) 22,183 14,075 58,775 42,071 General and administrative (1) 20,770 18,769 57,556 56,797 Exit costs 1,292 Total operating expenses 78,642 62,938 220,941 195,987 Income (loss) from operations 1,705 2,748 6,567 (10,349) Other income, net 2,912 2,104 9,167 6,728 Income (loss) before income taxes 4,617 4,852 15,734 (3,621) Provision for income taxes 3,899 637 11,652 2,303 Net income (loss) 718 4,215 4,082 (5,924) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries (376) (809) Net income (loss) attributable to Semrush Holdings, Inc. 1,094 4,215 4,891 (5,924) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) (in thousands) Cost of revenue 71 33 169 82 Sales and marketing 1,228 822 3,207 2,190 Research and development 1,707 579 3,714 1,464 General and administrative 4,569 2,769 12,766 7,028 Total stock-based compensation 7,575 4,203 19,856 10,764 
 
 39 

The following table sets forth our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations data expressed as a percentage of revenue for the periods indicated (amounts may not sum due to rounding): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (as a percentage of total revenue) Revenue 100 100 100 100 Cost of revenue 18 17 17 17 Gross profit 82 83 83 83 Operating expenses Sales and marketing 37 38 38 43 Research and development 23 18 21 19 General and administrative 21 24 21 25 Exit costs 1 Total operating expenses 81 80 80 87 Income (loss) from operations 2 3 2 (5) Other income, net 3 3 3 3 Income (loss) before income taxes 5 6 6 (2) Provision for income taxes 4 1 4 1 Net income (loss) 1 5 1 (3) 

Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 O ur revenue during the three and nine months end ed September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Revenue 97,410 78,718 18,692 24 274,173 224,281 49,892 22 
 
 Revenue increased in all regions. The majority of this increase was driven by an increase in the number of paying customers from over 106,000 as of September 30, 2023 to over 117,000 as o f September 30, 2024. The increases in revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were also driven by growth in user licenses per customer, attach rates, and increased revenue per customer related to larger customers. We define attach rates as the ratio of the number of paying customers who purchase specific add-ons to the number of total paying customers. 
 40 

Revenue based upon the locations of our paying customers during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) (in thousands) Revenue: United States 44,525 37,557 127,867 107,101 United Kingdom 9,003 7,687 25,901 21,972 Other 43,882 33,474 120,405 95,208 Total revenue 97,410 78,718 274,173 224,281 
 
 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Revenue 97,410 78,718 18,692 24 274,173 224,281 49,892 22 Cost of revenue 17,063 13,032 4,031 31 46,665 38,643 8,022 21 Gross profit 80,347 65,686 14,661 22 227,508 185,638 41,870 23 Gross margin 82 83 83 83 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, cost of revenue increased by 4.0 million compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. This increase is primarily driven by a 1.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization costs related to increased capitalized software and intangible asset amortization, a 0.8 million increase in integration and data costs, a 0.8 million increase in personnel costs, a 0.5 million increase from the allocation of IT and other costs, and a 0.4 million increase in merchant fees. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cost of revenue increased by 8.0 million compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. This increase is primarily driven by a 2.4 million increase in depreciation and amortization costs related to increased capitalized software and intangible asset amortization, a 2.0 million increase in integration and data costs, a 1.5 million increase from the allocation of IT and other costs, a 1.1 million increase in merchant fees, and a 0.9 million increase in personnel costs. 

Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Sales and marketing 35,689 30,094 5,595 19 104,610 95,827 8,783 9 Percentage of total revenue 37 38 38 43 
 41 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, sales and marketing expense increased by 5.6 million compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by a 4.2 million increase in personnel costs as a result of higher wage and contractor costs, a 0.6 million increase in marketing and advertising expense due to increased online advertising, a 0.4 million increase from the allocation of other costs, and a 0.3 million increase from the allocation of IT costs. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, sales and marketing expense increased by 8.8 million compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by a 10.4 million increase in personnel costs primarily driven by increased contractor, stock-based compensation, and commission costs, a 2.1 million increase from the allocation of IT costs, and a 1.4 million increase from the allocation of other costs. These increases were partially offset by a 5.0 million decrease in marketing and advertising expense primarily due to lower paid search costs. 
 Research and Development 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Research and development 22,183 14,075 8,108 58 58,775 42,071 16,704 40 Percentage of total revenue 23 18 21 19 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, research and development costs increased by 8.1 million compared to the corresponding period of the prior year, primarily as a result of a 4.7 million increase in personnel costs driven by a 12 increase in headcount compared to the corresponding period of the prior year and increased stock-based compensation costs, a 1.5 million increase related to IT and other allocations, a 0.7 million increase to other costs, a 0.5 million increase to professional service costs, and a 0.4 million increase from the allocation of rent and office costs. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, research and development costs increased by 16.7 million compared to the corresponding period of the prior year, primarily as a result of a 8.3 million increase in personnel costs driven by a 10 increase in headcount compared to the corresponding period of the prior year, a 3.1 million increase related to IT and other allocations, a 2.2 million increase to other costs, primarily related to an increase in costs allocated to research and development, a 1.5 million increase to professional service costs, and a 1.2 million increase from the allocation of rent and office costs. 
 General and Administrative 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) General and administrative 20,770 18,769 2,001 11 57,556 56,797 759 1 Percentage of total revenue 21 24 21 25 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expense increased by 2.0 million compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by a 3.8 million increase in personnel costs, which includes a 1.8 million increase in stock-based 
 42 

compensation and a 1.5 million increase to professional services primarily related to acquisition costs. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 2.4 million decrease from the allocation of IT costs and a 0.9 million decrease driven by the allocation of other costs. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expense increased by 0.8 million compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by a 9.3 million increase in personnel costs, which includes a 5.7 million increase in stock-based compensation and a 0.7 million increase to professional services primarily related to acquisition costs. This increase was partially offset by a decrease of 6.6 million from the allocation of IT costs and a 2.6 million from the allocation of other costs. 
 Exit Costs 
 All costs associated with our relocation efforts are included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations in our income from continuing operations under the line item, Exit Costs . Exit costs in connection with our relocation efforts include employee severance and fringe benefit costs, and other associated relocation costs. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, exit costs were not incurred. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 exit costs totaled 0.0 million and 1.3 million, respectively, related to our relocation efforts. 
 
 Other Income, Net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Other income, net 2,912 2,104 808 38 9,167 6,728 2,439 36 Percentage of total revenue 3 3 3 3 
 
 The increase in other income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period of the prior year was primarily due to an increase in fair value adjustments relating to contingent consideration (See Note 5). The increase in other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period of the prior year was primarily due to an increase in foreign currency exchange gain (loss) and an increase in interest income as compared to the prior year period. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Provision for income taxes 3,899 637 3,262 512 11,652 2,303 9,349 406 Percentage of total revenue 4 1 4 1 
 The increase in the provision for income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding periods of the prior year was primarily due to the effects of changes in the tax provision recorded on the earnings of our profitable foreign subsidiaries and the impact of the requirement to capitalize and amortize certain research and development costs which results in a current 
 43 

provision for U.S. taxes but no deferred tax benefit as a result of the valuation allowance maintained against our net deferred tax assets. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity have been the net proceeds of our initial public offering in March 2021 and our follow-on offering in November 2021, which totaled 213.8 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses paid or payable by us, and the net proceeds we received through private sales of equity securities, as well as sales of premium subscriptions to our platform. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , we had cash and cash equivalents of 45.1 million, short-term investments of 187.8 million, and accounts receivable of 9.3 million. 
 Our principal uses of cash in recent periods have been to fund operations, invest in capital expenditures and short-term investments, and strategically acquire new businesses. This cash is held in deposits and money market funds. 
 We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will be sufficient to meet our operating and capital needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including those set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Operating Activities 
 Our largest source of operating cash is cash collections from our customers for subscription services. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for online advertising, personnel costs across the sales and marketing, product and development, and general and administrative departments, and hosting costs. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 35.1 million. The activity resulted from a net income of 4.1 million adjusted for non-cash add backs of 37.5 million and a net cash outflow of 6.6 million from changes in operating assets and liabilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of 19.9 million of stock-based compensation expense, 9.2 million for amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs related to capitalized commissions, and 7.1 million for depreciation and amortization expense. The changes in operating assets and liabilities were primarily the result of a 9.0 million increase in deferred contract costs, a 3.5 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and a 3.4 million decrease in operating lease liability. These outflows were partially offset by a 6.9 million increase in deferred revenue, a 1.9 million increase in accounts payable, and a 1.3 million increase in accrued expenses. 
 Net cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 3.6 million. The activity resulted from a net loss of 5.9 million adjusted for non-cash add backs of 21.8 million and a net cash outflow of 19.5 million from changes in operating assets and liabilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of 10.8 million of stock-based compensation expense and 7.5 million for amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs related to capitalized commissions. The changes in operating assets and liabilities were primarily the result of a 9.8 million increase in deferred contract costs, a 5.6 million decrease in accounts payable, a 5.4 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, a 2.8 million decrease in operating 
 44 

lease liability, and a 2.3 million increase in accounts receivable. These outflows were partially offset by a 6.2 million increase in deferred revenue due to the addition of new customers and expansion of the business. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 51.1 million and primarily consisted of 136.8 million in purchases of short-term investments, 21.1 million in cash paid for businesses, net of cash acquired, 7.8 million in funding of the investment loan receivables, 5.8 million in capitalization of internal-use software costs, 4.9 million related to the purchase of noncontrolling interest, 3.7 million in purchases of convertible debt securities, and 3.4 million in purchases of property and equipment. This activity was partially offset by 132.5 million in proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments. 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 34.3 million and primarily consisted of 182.4 million in purchases of short-term investments. This activity was partially offset by 154.7 million in proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.0 million and consisted of 3.7 million relating to the exercise of stock options partially offset by 1.1 million in payment of acquired debt, and 0.6 million of cash outflows related to the payment of finance leases. 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 0.9 million and consisted of 1.9 million of cash outflows related to the payment of finance leases partially offset by inflows of 0.7 million relating to the exercise of stock options as well as 0.3 million related to proceeds from shares issued in connection with the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases for office space and leases for data center facilities. For more information regarding our lease obligations, see Note 4 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition to our leases, we also have multi-year commitments with certain data providers expiring at various dates through 2026. For more information regarding our commitments with data providers, see Note 15 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We expect to fund these obligations with cash flows from operations and cash on our balance sheet. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See the section titled Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted in Note 2 to the un audited condensed c onsolidated f inancial s tatements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our un audited condensed c onsolidated f inancial s tatements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of un audited condensed c onsolidated f inancial s tatements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates, judgments , and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. On an 
 45 

ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 Our critical accounting policies and estimates are described under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in Note 2 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and inflation. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 

Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. Our investments primarily consist of short-term investments and money market funds. As of September 30, 2024 we had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of 232.9 million. The carrying amount of our cash and cash equivalents reasonably approximates fair value, due to the short maturities of these investments. The primary objectives of our investment activities are the preservation of capital, the fulfillment of liquidity needs and the fiduciary control of cash and investments. We are obligated by our investment policy to invest the majority of our portfolio into U.S. government securities. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our short-term investments are exposed to market risk due to a fluctuation in interest rates, which may affect our interest income and the fair market value of our investments. Due to the short-term nature of our investment portfolio, we believe only dramatic fluctuations in interest rates would have a material effect on our investments. We do not believe that an immediate 10 increase in interest rates would have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio. As such we do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be materially affected by a sudden change in market interest rates. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We are not currently subject to significant foreign currency exchange risk with respect to revenue as our U.S. and international sales are predominantly denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we have some foreign currency risk related to a small amount of sales denominated in euros, and expenses denominated in euros and other currencies. Sales denominated in euros reflect the prevailing U.S. dollar exchange rate on the date of invoice for such sales. Increases in the relative value of the U.S. dollar to the euro may negatively affect revenue and other operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars. We incur significant expenses outside the United States denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the euro. In connection with our operations in Europe with expenses in euros and other currencies, we are exposed to some increased foreign currency exchange risk related to additional expenses denominated in euros. If the average exchange rates of any of these foreign currencies strengthen against the dollar, the dollar value of our expenses outside the United States will increase. For example, an immediate 10 decrease or increase in the relative value of the U.S. dollar to the euro would result in a 7.7 million gain or loss on our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and cash flows. 
 We have not engaged in the hedging of foreign currency transactions to date. However, as our international operations expand, our foreign currency exchange risk may increase. If our foreign currency exchange risk increases in the future, we may evaluate the costs and benefits of initiating a foreign currency hedge program in connection with non-U.S. dollar denominated transactions. 
 46 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on management s evaluation as of the quarter ended September 30, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Our management believes the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitation in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Due to inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

47 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe that the ultimate costs to resolve any pending matter will not have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We have included in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, a description of certain risks and uncertainties associated with our business (the Risk Factors ). You should carefully consider the Risk Factors before making a decision to invest in our securities. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds From the IPO 
 On March 24, 2021, our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253730) was declared effective by the SEC for our IPO. There has been no material change in the use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 (c) Securities of Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 , , our , a trading arrangement for the sale of our Class A common stock that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1(c) (a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan ). Mr. Levin s Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan, which commences on December 2, 2024 and ends on , provides for the sale of up to shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to the terms of the plan. 
 
 , the Vranesh Family Trust U/A DTD 03/26/2007, a trust for the benefit of , a , and his spouse, and of which Mr. Vranesh and his spouse are trustees, a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan. Mr. Vranesh s Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan, which commences on January 2, 2025 and ends on , provides for the sale of up to shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to the terms of the plan. 
 
 48 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Title 3.1 (1) 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 3.2 (2) 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 3.3 (3) 
 Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 4.1 (4) 
 Form of Class A common stock certificate of the Registrant 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 32.1+ 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page with Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibit 101) 
 (1) Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (2) Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 49 

(3) Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 10, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (4) Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract, or agreement. 
 + The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto are deemed to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 50 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 SEMRUSH HOLDINGS, INC. November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Oleg Shchegolev Oleg Shchegolev Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Brian Mulroy Brian Mulroy Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a10-qexhibit311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Oleg Shchegolev, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Semrush Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 Semrush Holdings, Inc. By s Oleg Shchegolev Oleg Shchegolev Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a10-qexhibit312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brian Mulroy, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Semrush Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 Semrush Holdings, Inc. By s Brian Mulroy 
 Brian Mulroy Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a10-qexhibit321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Semrush Holdings, Inc. for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Oleg Shchegolev, as Chief Executive Officer of Semrush Holdings, Inc., hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Semrush Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Oleg Shchegolev Oleg Shchegolev Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Semrush Holdings, Inc., regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Semrush Holdings, Inc. for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian Mulroy, as Chief Financial Officer of Semrush Holdings, Inc., hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Semrush Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Brian Mulroy 
 Brian Mulroy Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Semrush Holdings, Inc., regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 semr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 semr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 semr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 semr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 semr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

