<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1469115_0001683168-24-007811.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1722001</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>32652</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>461046</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>290552</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>426102</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>480979</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-007811.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108160546
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-007811
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		33
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ridgedale Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001469115
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE OPERATORS (NO DEVELOPERS) & LESSORS [6510]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				270155619
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54334
		FILM NUMBER:		241440505

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 POWERS FERRY RD, SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 212
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-816-8240

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 POWERS FERRY RD, SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 212
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UAN Power Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111129

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gulf Shores Investments, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090727

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-007811.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 ridgedale_i10q-93024.htm
 FORM 10-Q

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to ______ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) No 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock as of November 8, 2024 was shares. 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 4 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 14 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 15 

Part II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 17 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 17 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 17 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 17 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 18 

SIGNATURES 
 19 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Information contained in this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained principally in the section
titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and are generally identifiable
by use of the words may, will, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, 
 believe, intend or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these words
or comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements herein represent our expectations, beliefs, plans, intentions or strategies
concerning future events, including, but not limited to: our ability to consummate the Merger, as such term is defined below; our future
financial performance; the continuation of historical trends; the sufficiency of our resources in funding our operations; our intention
to engage in mergers and acquisitions; and our liquidity and capital needs. Our forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that
may be incorrect, and there can be no assurance that any projections or other expectations included in any forward-looking statements
will come to pass. Moreover, our forward-looking statements are subject to various known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include but are not limited to: the
risks of limited management, labor, and financial resources; our ability to establish and maintain adequate internal controls; our ability
to develop and maintain a market in our securities; and our ability obtain financing, if and when needed, on terms that are acceptable.
Except as required by applicable laws, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, even
if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. 

As used in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
 we , our , us and the Company refer to Ridgedale Holdings Inc. a Delaware corporation
unless the context requires otherwise. 

3 

Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements. 

Index to Condensed Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Condensed Balance Sheets, September 30, 2024 (unaudited), and June 30, 2024 
 
 5 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023 
 
 6 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 
 
 7 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 
 
 8 

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Interim Financial Statements 
 
 9 

4 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2024 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Cash 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Notes payable related party 

Accrued interest payable 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, Par Value , shares authorized, - - shares and - - issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively 

Common stock, Par Value , shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements 

5 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

Three Months 
 Three Months 

Ended 
 Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Operating Expenses: 

Administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) from operations 

Other (expense) 

Interest expense 

Other expense 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net Loss 

Basic and diluted (loss) per common share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements 

6 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (Unaudited) 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred
 stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred
 stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements 

7 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

Three Months 
 Three Months 

Ended 
 Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) operating activities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from private placement of common stock 

Notes payable related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash 

Cash At The Beginning Of The Period 

Cash At The End Of The Period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements 

8 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
and 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

and an accumulated deficit of . 

Because the Company does not expect that the existing
operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations, this raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company will need to raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative
sources of financing. The Company is currently being funded by Erik Nelson through loans from Coral Investment Partners, which he controls.
The Company will be required to continue to rely on his funding until its operations become profitable, or until the Company is acquired
by an entity that can provide financing. 

and respectively. 

shares
of Common Stock with a par value of . 

On September 27, 2022, the Company changed its
name and effected a . As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 there were and 
post-split shares outstanding, respectively. 

On December 8, 2022 CIP converted its 
shares of preferred stock into shares of common stock. Additionally since December 2022 the Company has received subscriptions
for Units at a price of 0.05 per Unit with total proceeds of 2,000. The Class A warrant is exercisable at per share and Class B warrant is exercisable at which are both exercisable
until October 31, 2025. 

Preferred stock 

On November 20, 2020 the Company filed a certificate
of Designation with the State of Delaware to designate shares of Series A convertible stock with a par value of . 

All shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall
rank (i) senior to the Corporation s Common Stock and any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation hereafter created,
(ii) pari passu with any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation hereafter created and specifically ranking, by its terms,
on par with the Series A Preferred Stock and (iii) junior to any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation hereafter created
specifically ranking, by its terms, senior to the Series A Preferred Stock, in each case as to distribution of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary. 

On May 7, 2021, the Company signed a subscription
agreement with Coral Investment Partners CIP whereby CIP purchased shares of preferred stock for the price of
 . 

Additionally, on the same day CIP agreed to purchase
cashless Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants for a total price of , or 0.000005 per warrant. This transaction
was valued at and recorded as stock-based compensation expense during the year ended June 30, 2021. 

Both the Company and Coral Investment Partners
are controlled by Erik Nelson. 

On December 8, 2022 CIP converted its 
shares of preferred stock into post reverse split shares of common stock. As a result there are no longer any preferred shares
outstanding. 

As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 there
were - - and - - shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding, respectively. 

and ; and and respectively. 

12 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Organizational History of the Company and Overview 

No Current Operations 

Plan of Operation 

The Company has no operations from a continuing
business other than the expenditures related to running the Company and has no revenue from continuing operations as of the date of this
Report. 

Management intends to explore and identify business
opportunities within the U.S., including a potential acquisition of an operating entity through a reverse merger, asset purchase or similar
transaction. Our Chief Executive Officer has experience in business consulting, although no assurances can be given that he can identify
and implement a viable business strategy or that any such strategy will result in profits. Our ability to effectively identify, develop
and implement a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and uncertainties which are beyond our control, including without
limitation, the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and global economies. For more information about the
risk of coronavirus on our business, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 

We do not currently engage in any business activities
that provide revenue or cash flow. During the next 12-month period we anticipate incurring costs in connection with investigating, evaluating,
and negotiating potential business combinations, filing SEC reports, and consummating an acquisition of an operating business. 

Given our limited capital resources, we may consider
a business combination with an entity which has recently commenced operations, is a developing company or is otherwise in need of additional
funds for the development of new products or services or expansion into new markets or is an established business experiencing financial
or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital. Alternatively, a business combination may involve the acquisition of,
or merger with, an entity which desires access to the U.S. capital markets. 

As of the date of this Report, our management
has not had any discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a potential business combination. Any target business
that is selected may be financially unstable or in the early stages of development. In such event, we expect to be subject to numerous
risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or early-stage entity. In addition, we may effect a business combination
with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk or in which our management has limited experience, and, although our
management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly
ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our management anticipates that we will likely
only be able to effect one business combination due to our limited capital. This lack of diversification will likely pose a substantial
risk in investing in the Company for the indefinite future because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture or
operating territory against gains from another. The risks we face will likely be heightened to the extent we acquire a business operating
in a single industry or geographical region. 

We anticipate that the selection of a business
combination will be a complex and risk-prone process. Because of general economic conditions, including unfavorable conditions caused
by the coronavirus pandemic, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages of available capital, management
believes that there are a number of firms seeking business opportunities at this time at discounted rates with which we will compete.
We expect that any potentially available business combinations may appear in a variety of different industries or regions and at various
stages of development, all of which will likely render the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities
extremely difficult and complicated. Once we have developed and begun to implement our business plan, management intends to fund our working
capital requirements through a combination of our existing funds and future issuances of debt or equity securities. Our working capital
requirements are expected to increase in line with the implementation of a business plan and commencement of operations. 

13 

Based upon our current operations, we do not have
sufficient working capital to fund our operations over the next 12 months. If we are able to close a reverse merger, it is likely we will
need capital as a condition of closing that acquisition. Because of the uncertainties, we cannot be certain as to how much capital we
need to raise or the type of securities we will be required to issue. In connection with a reverse merger, we will be required to issue
a controlling block of our securities to the target s shareholders which will be very dilutive. 

Additional issuances of equity or convertible
debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences, or privileges
senior to our Common Stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available
or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities,
which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

We anticipate that we will incur operating losses
in the next 12 months, principally costs related to our being obligated to file reports with the SEC. Our prospects must be considered
in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development. Such risks for
us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable business model, recognition of revenue sources, and the management of
growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, develop, implement, and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy,
respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will
be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited condensed financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of these unaudited condensed
financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
during the reported period. In accordance with GAAP, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that
we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Our significant accounting policies are fully
described in Note 2 to our unaudited condensed financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, and we believe
those accounting policies are critical to the process of making significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our unaudited
condensed financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Item 3. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information called for by this Item. 

14 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management has concluded that our disclosure controls were not
effective as of September 30, 2024. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting . 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of condensed financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the condensed financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

15 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has concluded that as of September 30, 2024, our
internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of condensed financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
as a result of the following material weaknesses: 

The Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to only having one officer and limited resources. 

The Company does not have an independent board of directors or an audit committee. 

The Company does not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. 

All of the Company s financial reporting is carried out by a financial consultant. 

We plan to rectify these weaknesses by implementing
an independent board of directors, establishing written policies and procedures for our internal control of financial reporting, and hiring
additional accounting personnel at such time as we complete a reverse merger or similar business acquisition. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. 

There have been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

16 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

The Company may be involved in certain legal proceedings
that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. Legal expenses associated with any contingency are expensed as incurred.
The Company s officers and directors are not aware of any threatened or pending litigation to which the Company is a party or which
any of its property is the subject and which would have any material, adverse effect on the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Reference is made to the risks and uncertainties
disclosed in Item 1A Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-12G which sections are incorporated by reference into
this report, as the same may be updated from time to time. 

As a smaller reporting company, the Company is
not required to disclose material changes to the risk factors that were contained in the 2020 Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use Of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no
director or officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is
defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

17 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index below
are provided as part of this report. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive and financial officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. 

32.1 

Certification of principal executive officer and principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

______________ 

Filed herewith. 

18 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

Dated:November 8, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Nelson 

Erik Nelson 

Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ridgedale_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Erik Nelson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ridgedale Holdings Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an quarter report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 8, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Nelson 

Erik Nelson 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ridgedale_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Ridgedale Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Erik Nelson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 8, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Nelson 

Erik Nelson 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 rdgh-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 rdgh-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 rdgh-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 rdgh-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

