<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_928054_0000928054-24-000112.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9518656</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101815</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1425183</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3680299</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2136833</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1966558</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000928054-24-000112.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107160740
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000928054-24-000112
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLOTEK INDUSTRIES INC/CN/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000928054
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				900023731
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13270
		FILM NUMBER:		241435612

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5775 N. SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY W.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77086
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7138499911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5775 N. SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY W.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77086

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000928054-24-000112.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 ftk-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ftk-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 
 
 FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 At November 4, 2024, there were outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 3 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 L egal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 37 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 37 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 37 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 38 
 SIGNATURES 
 39 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report ), unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Flotek, the "Company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Flotek Industries, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and in particular, Part I, Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but instead represent the current assumptions and beliefs regarding future events of Flotek, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside the Company s control. Such statements include estimates, projections, and statements related to the Company s business plan, objectives, expected operating results, and assumptions upon which those statements are based. The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report are based on information available as of the date of this Quarterly Report. 
 The forward-looking statements relate to future industry trends and economic conditions, forecast performance or results of current and future initiatives and the outcome of contingencies and other uncertainties that may have a significant impact on the Company s business, future operating results and liquidity. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by words including but not limited to, anticipate, believe, estimate, commit, budget, aim, potential, schedule, continue, intend, expect, plan, forecast, target, think, likely, project and similar expressions, or future-tense or conditional constructions such as will, may, should, could and would, or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. The Company cautions that these statements are merely predictions and are not to be considered guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements may also include statements regarding the anticipated performance under long-term supply agreements or amendments thereto and the potential value thereof or potential revenue or liquidated damages thereunder. Forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that can cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied. 
 A detailed discussion of potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 Annual Report or 2023 Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 15, 2024, and periodically in subsequent reports filed with the SEC. The Company has no obligation, and we disclaim any obligation, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events, except as required by law. 
 In certain places in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we may refer to statements provided by third parties that purport to describe trends or developments in supply chain or energy exploration and production activity and we specifically disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of such information and have undertaken no steps to update or independently verify such information. 
 
 The following information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Part 1, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and related disclosures and our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 3 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 FLOTEK INDUSTRIES INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Accounts receivable, related party, net of allowance for credit losses of at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Inventories, net Other current assets Current contract asset Total current assets Long-term contract asset Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets, net Other long-term assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Income taxes payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of finance lease liabilities Asset-based loan Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, long-term Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term debt TOTAL LIABILITIES Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2023 (As adjusted, see Note 13) 
 Additional paid-in capital (As adjusted, see Note 13) Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (As adjusted, see Note 13) 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Revenue from external customers Revenue from related party Total revenues Cost of sales Gross profit Operating costs and expenses: Selling, general, and administrative Depreciation Research and development Severance costs ) Gain on sale of property and equipment ) ) ) Gain in fair value of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable ) Total operating costs and expenses ) Income from operations Other income (expense): Paycheck protection plan loan forgiveness Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income, net ) ) Total other income (expense) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Income (loss) per common share (As adjusted, see Note 14): Basic Diluted ) Weighted average common shares (As adjusted, see Note 14): Weighted average common shares used in computing basic income (loss) per common share Weighted average common shares used in computing diluted income (loss) per common share 
 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Comprehensive income 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW (in thousands) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) Change in fair value of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable ) Amortization of convertible note issuance costs Paid-in-kind interest expense Amortization of contract assets Depreciation Amortization of asset-based loan origination costs Provision for credit losses, net of recoveries Provision for excess and obsolete inventory Gain on sale of property and equipment ) ) Non-cash lease expense Stock compensation expense ) Deferred income tax expense Paycheck protection plan loan forgiveness ) Changes in current assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Accounts receivable, related party ) ) Inventories ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Income taxes payable ) Interest payable ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payment for forfeited stock options ) Payments on long term debt ) ) Proceeds from asset-based loan Payments on asset-based loan ) ) Payment of asset-based loan origination costs ) ) Payments to tax authorities for shares withheld from employees ) ) Proceeds from issuance of stock Payments for finance leases ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period Restricted cash at the beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Restricted cash at the end of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Issued Par Value Shares Cost Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan ) Restricted stock units vested Stock compensation expense Shares withheld to cover taxes ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Issued Par Value Shares Cost (As adjusted, see Note 13) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan ) Restricted stock granted Restricted stock forfeited Stock compensation expense Shares withheld to cover taxes ) ) ) ) Exercise of pre-funded warrants Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Issued Par Value Shares Cost Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan ) Restricted stock granted Restricted stock forfeited Restricted stock units vested Stock compensation expense Shares withheld to cover taxes ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Issued Par Value Shares Cost (As adjusted, see Note 13) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan ) Restricted stock granted Restricted stock forfeited ) Restricted stock units vested Forfeited stock options purchased ) ) Stock compensation expense ) ) Shares withheld to cover taxes ) ) ) ) Exercise of pre-funded warrants Issuance of stock warrants, net of transaction fee Conversion of convertible notes payable to Pre-Funded Warrants Conversion of convertible notes payable to Common Stock Conversion of Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable to Common Stock Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 
 operating segments, CT and DA, are supported by its Research Innovation advanced laboratory capabilities. For further discussion of our operations and segments, see Note 17, Business Segment, Geographic and Major Customer Information. 
 As used herein, Flotek, the Company, we, our and us refers to Flotek Industries, Inc. and/or the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries. The use of these terms is not intended to connote any particular corporate status or relationship. 
 A copy of the 2023 Annual Report is available on the SEC s website, www.sec.gov, or on the Company s website, www.flotekind.com. The information contained on the SEC s website and the Company s website does not form a part of this Quarterly Report. 
 Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The going concern assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 
 The Company currently funds its operations with cash on hand, availability under the ABL (defined below, see Note 9, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable and other liquid assets. The Company recognized million and million of gross profit and net income, respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and recognized million and million of gross profit and net income, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Further, the Company recognized net cash provided by operating activities of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. While we believe that our cash, liquid assets, and availability under the ABL will provide us with sufficient financial resources to fund operations to meet our capital requirements and anticipated obligations as they become due, uncertainty surrounding the long-term stability and strength of the oil and gas markets, and the resulting potential impact on our customers ability to pay their obligations to us in a timely manner, could have a negative impact on our liquidity. The availability of capital is dependent on the Company s operating cash flow, which is currently expected to be principally derived from the ProFrac Agreement (see Note 16, Related Party Transactions ). Related party revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included Contract Shortfall Fees (defined below) of million and million, respectively (see Note 16, Related Party Transactions ). Related party receivables as of September 30, 2024 included accrued Contract Shortfall Fees of million, which will be due in the first quarter of 2025 under the terms of the ProFrac Agreement. 
 10 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 2 
 Charges to provision for credit losses, net of recoveries Write-offs ) ) Balance, end of period 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had not recorded an allowance for credit losses for the related party accounts receivable, including ProFrac Services, LLC (see Note 16, Related Party Transactions ). 
 11 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 3 
 Services 
 Disaggregation of Cost of Sales 
 The Company differentiates cost of sales based on whether the cost is attributable to tangible goods sold, cost of services sold or other costs which cannot be directly attributable to either tangible goods or services. 
 Total cost of sales disaggregated is as follows (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of sales: Tangible goods sold Services Other 
 Other cost of sales represent costs directly associated with the generation of revenue but which cannot be attributed directly to tangible goods sold or services. Examples of other costs of sales are certain personnel costs and equipment rental and insurance costs. 
 Cost of sales, between external and related party, is as follows (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of sales: Cost of sales for external customers Cost of sales for related parties 

Note 4 - 
 Less accumulated amortization ) ) Contract assets, net Less current contract assets ) ) Contract assets, long term 
 12 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million, respectively, and associated fees of million. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, of the contract assets were classified as long term based upon our estimate of the forecasted revenues from the ProFrac Agreement which will not be realized within the next twelve months of the ProFrac Agreement. The Company s estimate of the timing of the future contract revenues is evaluated on a quarterly basis. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of contract assets amortization which is recorded as a reduction of the transaction price included in the related party revenue in the consolidated statement of operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of contract assets amortization. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter through May 2032 Total contract assets 
 Based on our tests of recoverability, we did not recognize any impairment of such contract assets as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Note 5 
 Finished goods Inventories Less reserve for excess and obsolete inventory ) ) Inventories, net 
 The additional reserves recorded for the CT segment during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. The Company recorded additional reserves of thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023 for the DA segment with corresponding activity for the same period of 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, additional reserves recorded were million and million, respectively, for the CT segment and thousand and million, respectively, for the DA segment. 
 13 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 6 
 Land improvements Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Transportation equipment Computer equipment and software Property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense totaled million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 a nd 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 a nd 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 7 
 Finance lease expense: Amortization of assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease expense Short-term lease expense Total lease expense Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 14 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Current portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases Property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) Property and equipment, net Current portion of finance lease liabilities Total finance lease liabilities Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Operating leases years years Finance leases years Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 Sublease Income 
 On April 1, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to sublease its office and lab space in Houston, Texas beginning September 1, 2023 and continuing until October 30, 2030. The rental income from the sublease is included in the Company s statement of operations in Other income (expense), net, and offsets the monthly rental expense of thousand from the Company s lease of the facility. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total rental income 
 15 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 8 
 Payroll and benefits Legal costs Contingent liability for earn-out provision Deferred revenue, current Financed insurance Other Total current accrued liabilities 
 
 Note 9 
 revolving loan and security agreement in connection with an asset-based loan (the ABL ). In connection with the second amendment to the ABL effective August 5, 2024, the maturity date was extended to August 2026, the credit availability was increased and the interest rate spread was reduced. The ABL is classified as current debt on our consolidated balance sheet due to the nature of the payment arrangements where the lender is paid from customer payments received into the Company s collections account. As of September 30, 2024, the ABL provided up to million of credit availability, which is limited by a borrowing base consisting of (i) of eligible accounts receivable, plus (ii) of the value of eligible inventory not to exceed of the eligible accounts receivable, plus (iii) of the value of certain real estate holdings. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million outstanding with approximately million of available borrowings under the ABL. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, in interest and fees related to the ABL. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million of amortized deferred financing costs related to the ABL. 
 Borrowings under the ABL bear interest at the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate (subject to a floor of plus per annum. The interest rate under the ABL was as of September 30, 2024. The ABL contains an annual commitment fee equal to of the ABL s borrowing base. Additionally, the Company will be assessed a non-usage fee of per quarter based on the difference between the average daily outstanding balance and the borrowing base limit of the ABL. If the ABL is terminated prior to the end of its term, the Company is required to pay an early termination fee of of the borrowing base limit of the ABL (if terminated with more than months remaining until the maturity date) or of the borrowing base limit of the ABL (if terminated with less than months remaining until the maturity date). 
 The ABL contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default, the occurrence of which would permit the lender to accelerate the payment of any amounts borrowed. The ABL requires the Company to maintain a minimum Tangible Net Worth (as defined in the ABL) of not less than million. In addition, the ABL provides the lender a blanket security interest on all or substantially all of the Company s assets. The Company was in compliance with all of the covenants under the ABL as of September 30, 2024. 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loan 
 In April 2020, the Company received a million loan (the Flotek PPP loan under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), which was created through the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). In October 2021, the Flotek PPP loan maturity date was extended from April 15, 2022 to April 15, 2025. On January 5, 2023, the Company received notice from the SBA that million of the million principal amount and accrued interest to that date of million were forgiven. The remaining principal amount of million and accrued interest is to be repaid in monthly installments of thousand over the remaining term of the loan through April 15, 2025. The forgiveness of the Flotek PPP loan was accounted for as an 
 16 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million gain in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, comprising the principal amount forgiven of million and accrued interest of million. 
 Less current maturities 
 ) ) Total long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 Convertible Notes Payable 
 On February 2, 2022, Flotek entered into a Private Investment in Public Equity transaction (the PIPE transaction with a consortium of investors to secure growth capital for the Company. Pursuant to the PIPE transaction, Flotek issued million in aggregate initial principal amount of Convertible Notes Payable for net cash proceeds of approximately million (the Convertible Notes Payable ). The investors were ProFrac Holdings, LLC, Burlington Ventures Ltd., entities associated with North Sound Management, certain funds associated with one of Flotek's former directors including the D3 Family Fund and the D3 Bulldog Fund, and Firestorm Capital LLC. The Convertible Notes Payable accrued paid-in-kind interest at a rate of per annum, had a maturity of , and were convertible into common stock of Flotek or Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase common stock of Flotek, (a) at the holder's option at any time prior to maturity, at a price of per share on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, (b) at Flotek's option, if the volume-weighted average trading price of Flotek's common stock equals or exceeds per share on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, or per share on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, for trading days during a consecutive trading day period, or (c) at maturity, at a price of per share on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis. On March 21, 2022, a portion of the Convertible Notes Payable, plus accrued paid-in-kind interest thereon, were converted at the holder s option into shares of common stock. The issuance cost was amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the Convertible Notes Payable and the amortization was included in interest expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The carrying value was recorded as additional paid in capital. 
 Upon maturity on February 2, 2023, the Convertible Notes Payable, excluding those held by ProFrac Holdings, LLC, with a carrying value of million, including accrued paid-in-kind interest of million, were converted on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis into shares of common stock shares of the Company s common stock on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis) at a price of per share. 
 The Convertible Notes Payable held by ProFrac Holding, LLC, with a carrying value of million, including accrued paid-in-kind interest of million, were converted on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, upon maturity, into February 2023 Warrants with an exercise price of per share and were recorded as additional paid in capital upon conversion. On September 6, 2023, the February 2023 Warrants were exercised and the Company issued, on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, shares of the Company s common stock shares of the Company s common stock on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis). 
 Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable 
 On February 2, 2022, the Company entered into a long-term supply agreement with ProFrac Services, LLC (the Initial ProFrac Agreement ), a subsidiary of ProFrac Holdings LLC, in exchange for million in aggregate principal amount of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable ), under the same terms as the Convertible Notes Payable issued in the PIPE transaction described above, including paid-in-kind interest at a rate of per annum and conversion features. 
 On February 2, 2023, the Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable, remeasured to and carried at a fair value of million (see Note 10, Fair Value Measurements ), were converted on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, upon maturity, into February 2023 Warrants with an exercise price of per share and were recorded as additional paid in capital upon conversion. On September 6, 2023, the February 2023 Warrants were exercised and the Company issued, on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, shares of the Company s common stock shares of the Company s common stock on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis). 
 17 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million in aggregate principal amount of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable to ProFrac. The Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable accrued paid-in-kind interest at a rate of per annum. 
 million (see Note 10, Fair Value Measurements ), were converted on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, upon maturity, into shares of common stock at a price of per share. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, these shares were converted into common shares. 
 
 Note 10 
 Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accrued liabilities, accounts payable and ABL approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these accounts. 
 Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 Total 
 Contingent Earnout Consideration Key Inputs 
 The estimated fair value of the remaining stock performance earn-out provision, with respect to the JP3 transaction, is included in accrued liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The estimated fair value of the earn-out provision at the end of each period was valued using a Monte Carlo model analyzing 20,000 simulations performed using Geometric Brownian Motion with inputs such as risk-neutral expected growth and volatility. 
 Expected volatility Term until liquidation (years) Stock price Discount rate 
 18 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million on February 2, 2022. 
 On February 2, 2023, the Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable were remeasured, upon maturity, to a fair value of million based on the pre-Reverse Stock Split closing price of the shares of common stock of , on the date of conversion. The fair value adjustment was a million increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable Key Inputs 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company measured the Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable classified as Level 3 using a Monte Carlo simulation at an estimated fair value of million. 
 On May 17, 2023, the Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable were remeasured, at maturity using a Monte Carlo simulation, to a fair value of million based on the pre-Reverse Stock Split closing price of the shares of common stock of , on the date of conversion resulting in a gain in fair value of Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Note Payable of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 The Company s non-financial assets, including property and equipment and operating lease ROU assets, are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and are subject to adjustment to their fair value in certain circumstances. 
 Level 3 Rollforward for Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 Increase in principal of Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable for paid-in-kind interest Increase in principal of Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable for paid-in-kind interest Change in fair value of contingent earnout consideration ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable Change in fair value of Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable ) Conversion of Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable on maturity ) Conversion of Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable on maturity ) Balance - end of period 
 19 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 11 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit 
 Non-U.S. income taxed at different rates 
 ) Increase (reduction) in tax benefit related to stock-based awards ) Change in valuation allowance 
 ) ) ) ) Permanent differences related to CARES Act 
 ) ) Non-deductible expenses ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had U.S. net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of million, including million expiring in various amounts from 2029 through 2037 which can offset of taxable income and million that has an indefinite carryforward period which can offset of taxable income per year. Additionally, the Company has an estimated million in certain state NOL carryforwards and million in tax credit carryforwards. 
 As a result of the ownership change experienced in 2023, the Company s ability to use NOLs to reduce taxable income is generally limited by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to an annual amount of million plus net unrealized built in gain of million. The Company s use of NOLs arising after the date of the ownership change are not impacted by the Section 382 limitation. NOLs that exceed the Section 382 limitation in any year continue to be allowed as carryforwards until they expire and can be used to offset taxable income for years within the carryover period subject to the limitation in each year. If the Company does not generate a sufficient level of taxable income prior to the expiration of the pre-2018 NOL carryforward periods, then the ability to apply those NOLs as offsets to future taxable income is lost. Based on an analysis of the Section 382 limitation, the Company estimates that all carryforwards with the exception of million of the state NOL carryforwards and million of the tax credit carryforwards will be available for utilization if there is sufficient taxable income in subsequent periods. Although the ownership change will significantly limit the ability of the Company to utilize the pre-change net operating losses and credits, the Company does not expect a significant impact to its financial statements given the valuation allowance that is recorded to estimate the realizability of the deferred tax assets. 
 
 Note 12 
 
 Note 13 
 issued and outstanding shares of common stock being converted into shares of common stock. 
 20 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 shares of common stock shares of common stock on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis) at a price of per share. The Convertible Notes Payable converted into common stock shares had a carrying value of million, including accrued paid-in-kind interest of million and were recorded as additional paid-in-capital upon conversion. 
 The Convertible Notes Payable held by ProFrac Holding, LLC, with a carrying value of million, including accrued interest of million, were converted on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, upon maturity, into February 2023 Warrants with an exercise price of per share and were recorded as additional paid-in-capital upon conversion. On September 6, 2023, the February 2023 Warrants issued upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes Payable held by ProFrac Holding, LLC were exercised and the Company issued, on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, shares of the Company s common stock shares of the Company s common stock on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis). 
 On February 2, 2023, the Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable discussed in Note 9, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable, remeasured to a fair value of million upon maturity, were converted on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, into February 2023 Warrants and were recorded as additional paid-in-capital upon conversion. On September 6, 2023, the February 2023 Warrants issued upon the conversion of the Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable were exercised and the Company issued on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, shares of the Company s common stock shares of the Company s common stock on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis). 
 On May 17, 2023, the Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable discussed in Note 9, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable , were converted on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, upon maturity, into shares of common stock at a price of per share shares of common stock on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis). The Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable converted into common stock shares, remeasured to a fair value of million upon maturity, were recorded as additional paid-in-capital. 
 Pre-Funded Warrants 
 On June 21, 2022, ProFrac Holdings II, LLC paid million for Pre-Funded Warrants (the June 2022 Warrants of the Company. The June 2022 Warrants permit ProFrac Holdings II, LLC to purchase on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis shares of common stock of the Company shares of the Company s common stock on a post-Reverse Stock Split basis) at an exercise price equal to per share, subject to a million exercise fee. 
 million to the Company; provided, however, that ProFrac Holdings II may exercise the June 2022 Warrants immediately prior to the sale of the shares of common stock subject to such exercise to a non-affiliate of ProFrac Holdings II. The additional million will be accounted for as an equity contribution if received. 
 21 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 14 
 
 Adjustments to net income available to shareholders Paid-in-Kind interest expense on convertible notes payable and Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable Valuation gain on Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable carried at fair value ) Adjusted net income (loss) for diluted earnings per share ) Denominator: Basic weighted average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of convertible notes payable Dilutive effect of warrants outstanding Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted shares Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) Anti-dilutive incremental shares excluded from denominator for diluted earnings computation Average number of diluted shares for June 2022 stock warrants (1) 
 Average number of diluted shares for options and restricted stock (1) 
 
 (1) These items were not included in the dilution calculation for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to their anti-dilutive effect as it would reduce the loss per share. 
 22 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 15 
 Income taxes Supplemental non cash financing and investing activities: Conversion of convertible notes payable to common stock Conversion of convertible notes payable to February 2023 Warrants Conversion of Initial Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable to February 2023 Warrants Conversion of Amended Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable to common stock 
 
 Note 16 
 million in aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes (the Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable to ProFrac Holdings LLC (see Note 9, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable ). Under the Initial ProFrac Agreement, ProFrac Services, LLC is obligated to order chemicals from the Company at least equal to the greater of (a) the chemicals required for of ProFrac Services, LLC s hydraulic fracturing fleets and (b) a baseline measured by the first ten hydraulic fracturing fleets deployed by ProFrac Services, LLC during the term of the Initial ProFrac Agreement. If the minimum volumes are not achieved in any given year, ProFrac Services LLC shall pay to the Company, as liquidated damages an amount equal to twenty-five percent of the difference between (i) the aggregate purchase price of the quantity of products comprising the minimum purchase obligation and (ii) the actual purchased volume during such calendar year Contract Shortfall Fees ). 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into the Amended ProFrac Agreement upon issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable (see Note 9, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable ). The Initial ProFrac Agreement was amended to (a) increase ProFrac Services LLC s minimum purchase obligation for each year to the greater of of ProFrac Services LLC s requirements and a baseline measured by ProFrac Services, LLC s first hydraulic fracturing fleets, and (b) increase the term to years. 
 On February 2, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the ProFrac Agreement (the Amended ProFrac Agreement No. 2 ). The Amended ProFrac Agreement No. 2 has an effective date of January 1, 2023. The ProFrac Agreement was amended to (1) provide a ramp-up period from January 1, 2023 to May 31, 2023 for ProFrac Services, LLC to increase the number of active hydraulic fracturing fleets to fleets, (2) waive any Contract Shortfall Fee payment relating to any potential order shortfall prior to January 1, 2023, (3) add additional fees to certain products, and (4) provide margin increases based on margins with non-ProFrac customers. 
 The current measurement period for Contract Shortfall Fees is January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024. The Company does not expect that the minimum purchase requirements will be met during the current measurement period, and as a result, related party revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflect variable consideration for Contract Shortfall Fees of million, which will be due in the first quarter of 2025 under the terms of the ProFrac Agreement. The measurement period for 2023 was June 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023. Related party revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included million of Contract Shortfall Fees. 
 On February 2, 2023, the Convertible Notes Payable held by ProFrac Holding, LLC, with a carrying value of million, including accrued paid-in-kind interest of million, were converted on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, upon maturity, into February 2023 Warrants (see Note 9, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable and Note 13, Stockholders Equity and subsequently exercised on September 6, 2023. 
 23 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, including accrued interest of million, were converted on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, upon maturity, into February 2023 Warrants and subsequently exercised on September 6, 2023 (see Note 9, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable and Note 13, Stockholders Equity ). The fair value of the Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable, as of February 2, 2023, was million (see Note 10, Fair Value Measurements ). 
 On May 17, 2023, the Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable were converted on a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis, upon maturity, into shares of common stock at a price of per share (see Note 9, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable and Note 13, Stockholders Equity ). The fair value of the Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable, as of May 17, 2023 was million (see Note 10, Fair Value Measurements ). As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, these shares were converted into common shares. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s revenues from ProFrac Services, LLC were million and million , respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, these revenues were net of amortization of contract assets of million and million , respectively . Cost of sales attributable to these revenues were million and million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s revenues from ProFrac Services, LLC were million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, these revenues were net of amortization of contract assets of million and million , respectively . Cost of sales attributable to these revenues were million and million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 million and million , respectively, which is recorded in accounts receivable, related party on the consolidated balance sheet. During the million related to the 2023 Contract Shortfall Fees, which were included in accounts receivable, related party as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Note 17 

24 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Services Total revenue from external customers Revenue from related party Products Services Total revenue from related parties Gross profit Income (loss) from operations ) Depreciation Interest expense Income tax Additions to long-lived assets 2023 Revenue from external customers Products Services Total revenue from external customers Revenue from related party Products Services Total revenue from related parties Gross profit Income (loss) from operations ) ) Depreciation Interest expense Income tax Additions to long-lived assets 
 
 25 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Services Total revenue from external customers Revenue from related party Products Services Total revenue from related parties Gross profit Income (loss) from operations ) ) Depreciation Interest expense Income tax Additions to long-lived assets 2023 Revenue from external customers Products Services Total revenue from external customers Revenue from related party Products Services Total revenue from related parties Gross profit Change in fair value of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable ) ) Income (loss) from operations ) Paid-in-kind interest on Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable Paid-in-kind interest on convertible notes payable Depreciation Other interest expense Income tax Additions to long-lived assets 
 
 Assets of the Company by reportable segments are as follows (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Chemistry Technologies Data Analytics Corporate and Other Total assets 
 26 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

UAE Other countries Total revenue 
 (1) Includes revenue from related party 
 Long-lived assets held in countries other than the U.S. are not considered material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Major Customers 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 ProFrac Services, LLC 
 
 Revenue of Total Revenue Nine months ended September 30, 2024 ProFrac Services, LLC 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 ProFrac Services, LLC 
 
 The concentration with ProFrac Services, LLC and in the oil and gas industry increases credit, commodity and business risk . 
 27 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Supplier B Supplier C Supplier D 2023 Supplier A Supplier B Supplier C 
 Nine months ended September 30, Expenditure of Total Expenditure 2024 Supplier B Supplier A Supplier C 2023 Supplier A Supplier B Supplier C 
 
 Note 18 

28 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the 2023 Annual Report and the unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included herein. Comparative segment revenues and related financial information are discussed herein and are presented in Note 17 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements. See Forward Looking Statements in this report and Risk Factors included in our filings with the SEC, including our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our 2023 Annual Report, for a description of important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected results. Our historical financial information may not be indicative of our future performance. 
 Executive Summary 
 Flotek creates unique solutions to reduce the environmental impact of energy on air, water, land and people. A technology-driven, specialty green chemistry and data technology company, Flotek helps customers across industrial and commercial markets improve their environmental performance. The Company serves customers needs for both domestic and international energy markets. 
 The Company has two operating segments, CT and DA, which are both supported by the Company s continuing Research and Innovation R I advanced laboratory capabilities. 
 Company Overview 
 Chemistry Technologies 
 The Company s CT segment provides sustainable, optimized chemistry solutions that we believe maximize our customers value by improving return on invested capital, lowering operational costs, and providing tangible environmental benefits. The Company s proprietary green chemistries, specialty chemistries, logistics, and technology services enable its customers to pursue improved efficiencies and performance throughout the life cycle of their desired chemical applications program. The Company designs, develops, manufactures, packages, distributes and markets optimized chemistry solutions that accelerate existing sustainability practices to reduce the environmental impact of energy on the air, water, land and people. 
 Customers of the CT segment include those of energy related markets, such as our related party ProFrac Services, LLC, with whom we have a long-term supply agreement, as well as industrial applications. Major integrated oil and gas companies, oilfield services companies, independent oil and gas companies, national and state-owned oil companies, geothermal energy companies, solar energy companies and advanced alternative energy companies benefit from our best-in-class technology, field operations, and continuous improvement exercises that go beyond existing sustainability practices. 
 ProFrac Supply Agreement 
 On February 2, 2022, the Company entered into the Initial ProFrac Agreement, which was subsequently amended on May 17, 2022 and February 1, 2023 (collectively, the ProFrac Agreement ). 
 The ProFrac Agreement contains minimum requirements for chemistry purchases. If the minimum volumes are not achieved within the applicable measurement period, ProFrac Services, LLC is required to pay to the Company, as liquidated damages, an amount equal to twenty-five percent (25 of the difference between (i) the aggregate purchase price of the quantity of products comprising the minimum purchase obligation and (ii) the actual purchased volume during the measurement period Contract Shortfall Fees ). The measurement period for Contract Shortfall Fees during 2023 was June 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023. Related party revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 reflected Contract Shortfall Fees of 8.0 million and 10.0 million, respectively. The current measurement period for Contract Shortfall Fees is January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024. The Company does not expect that the minimum purchase requirements will be met during the current measurement period, and as a result, related party revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflect Contract Shortfall Fees of 6.8 million and 23.8 million, respectively. 
 Data Analytics 
 The DA segment delivers real-time information and insights to our customers to enable optimization of operations and reduction of emissions and their carbon intensity. Real-time composition and physical properties are delivered simultaneously on their refined fuels, natural gas liquids NGLs ), natural gas, crude oil, and condensates using the industry s only field-deployable, in-line optical near-infra-red spectrometer that generates no emissions. The instrument's response is processed with advanced chemometrics modeling, artificial intelligence, and machine learning algorithms to deliver these valuable insights every 15 seconds. 
 We believe customers using this technology have obtained significant benefits, including additional profits, by enhancing operations in crude/condensates stabilization, blending operations, reduction of transmix, increasing efficiencies and 
 29 

optimization of gas plants, allowing for the use of significantly lower cost field gas instead of diesel to generate power, lower emissions and protect equipment, and ensuring product quality while reducing giveaways, i.e., providing higher value products at the lower value products prices. More efficient operations have the benefit of reducing customer s carbon footprint, e.g., less flaring and reduction in energy expenditure for compression and re-processing. Our customers in North America include the supermajors, some of the largest midstream companies and large gas processing plants. We have developed a line of Verax analyzers for deployment internationally, which was certified for compliance in hazardous locations and harsh weather conditions. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Environmental Protection Agency EPA designated the Company s JP3 measurement system as an approved measurement technology with respect to recently enacted flare monitoring regulations. The optical measurement system, designed for precise measurement of net heating values in flare gases, is the first to be approved as an alternative method under the new NPS OOOOb regulations. The Company believes that this approval could facilitate opportunities to access this new application as a source of future growth. 
 Research Innovation 
 R I supports both business segments through green chemistry formulation, specialty chemical formulations and EPA regulatory guidance, technical support, basin and reservoir studies, data analytics and new technology projects. The purpose of R I is to supply the Company s business segments with enhanced products and services that generate current and future revenues, while advising Company management on opportunities concerning technology, environmental and industry trends. The R I facilities support advances in chemistry performance, detection, optimization and manufacturing. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred 0.5 million and 0.8 million, respectively, of research and development expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred 1.3 million and 2.2 million, respectively, of research and development expense. The Company expects that its 2024 research and development investment will continue to support new product development, especially in support of enhanced environmental demands and conventional customization initiatives for its clients. 
 Outlook 
 Our business is subject to numerous variables which impact our outlook and expectations given the shifting conditions of the industry. We have based our outlook on the market conditions we perceive today. Changes often occur. 
 Energy 
 The demand for oil and gas and related services fluctuates due to numerous factors including the supply of oil and gas, weather and macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions. Despite the near-term volatility in commodity pricing, leading to the recent weakness in onshore drilling and completion activity, particularly in basins that are weighted toward natural gas production, fundamentals for energy related services remain strong. The overall expansion of the global economy should continue to create substantial demand for all forms of energy which will increase service intensity. Independent exploration and production companies operate the majority of U.S. land rigs and react quickly to changing commodity prices. In the current commodity price environment, we expect companies operating in oil-weighted basins to maintain or increase activity while companies operating in gas-weighted basins are expected to maintain or decrease activity over the next 12 months. In general, we expect the major exploration and production companies to maintain activity levels over the next 12 months. 
 Digital Analytics 
 The use of data and digital analytics is a growing trend in all industries where technology is leveraged to analyze large datasets of operational information to improve performance, as well as for predictive maintenance, advanced safety measures and reduced environmental impact of operations. We believe Verax analyzers have gained a foothold in North American markets for critical applications where compositional information is needed in real-time. The technology delivers insight on valuable operations data like vapor pressure, boiling point, flash point, octane level, API (American Petroleum Institute) gravity, viscosity, BTU (British Thermal Unit) and more, simultaneously. We continue to collaborate with our customers to identify further facilities and applications where our technology has the highest value. To drive recurring revenue, we continue to build on the modular nature of our sensor and analysis packages with new data processing techniques that enhance the value of our installations. AIDA (Automated Interface Detection Algorithm) provides real-time detection of interfaces in a liquids pipeline without the need for additional sampling or chemometric modeling. The application can identify products such as refined fuels, crude and NGLs with its advanced machine learning algorithms and detect interfaces real-time versus traditional lab analysis. We believe this allows customers to cut batches quickly and accurately, reduce transmix and minimize off-spec product that requires downgrades. We are also gaining traction leveraging the Verax in applications where operators and service companies are using field gas as a substitute for diesel in dual fuel engines as the market moves to Tier 4 equipment and 
 30 

eFleets. Analyzing this in real-time allows companies to maximize the field gas for diesel substitution rate providing significant cost savings while lowering emissions, reducing fuel consumption/costs, and protecting the equipment from damage. 
 Supply Chain 
 The principal supply issues facing our industry for the next twelve months are expected to include: 
 Fluctuating freight costs for shipping to our customers; 
 Availability of raw materials; 
 Labor shortages; and 
 Demand forecasting. 
 All bidding will require the risk of shipping costs and delays to be factored into proposals. Trucking availability and pricing will impact North American opportunities while security of delivery for sea-freight could impact sales of North American manufactured goods being delivered internationally for the foreseeable future. The overall flow of materials globally could experience price increases. Military conflicts in the Middle East could also result in supply disruption and cost increases. 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations (in thousands) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Revenue from external customers 16,565 17,806 47,935 47,278 Revenue from related party 33,177 29,462 88,332 98,592 Total revenues 49,742 47,268 136,267 145,870 Cost of sales 40,623 38,221 109,159 131,037 Cost of sales 81.7 80.9 80.1 89.8 Gross profit 9,119 9,047 27,108 14,833 Gross profit 18.3 19.1 19.9 10.2 Selling general and administrative 5,714 6,526 18,056 21,303 Selling general and administrative 11.5 13.8 13.3 14.6 Depreciation 220 181 662 530 Research and development 462 757 1,349 2,231 Severance costs 2 23 (28) Gain on sale of property and equipment (38) (34) (38) Gain in fair value of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable (29,969) Income from operations 2,723 1,619 7,052 20,804 Operating margin 5.5 3.4 5.2 14.3 Interest and other (expense) income, net (154) (251) (691) 1,903 Income before income taxes 2,569 1,368 6,361 22,707 Income tax expense (37) (81) (293) (98) Net income 2,532 1,287 6,068 22,609 Net income 5.1 2.7 4.5 15.5 
 Consolidated revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 2.5 million, or 5 , versus the same period of 2023, driven by higher related party activity under the ProFrac Agreement and increased activity in the DA segment, partially offset by decreased accrued Contract Shortfall Fees of 1.2 million and decreased revenue from external customers. Related party revenues in the CT segment are net of 1.6 million and 1.3 million of contract assets amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 31 

Consolidated revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 9.6 million, or 7 , versus the same period of 2023, driven by lower related party activity under the ProFrac Agreement, partially offset by an increase in accrued Contract Shortfall Fees of 13.8 million. Related party revenues in the CT segment are net of 4.3 million and 3.7 million of contract assets amortization for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Consolidated cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 2.4 million, or 6 , versus the respective period of 2023, primarily due to increased product sales, partially offset by lower freight costs. Gross profit margin during the third quarter of 2024 was lower than the corresponding 2023 period as a result of a shift in product mix and lower Contract Shortfall Fees during the 2024 period. Consolidated cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 21.9 million, or 17 , versus the respective period of 2023, primarily due to decreased product sales under the ProFrac Agreement and lower freight costs. Consolidated cost of sales percentage totaled 82 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 versus 81 in the same period of 2023 and improved to 80 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 90 in the same period of 2023 as a result of higher accrued Contract Shortfall Fees during the nine-month 2024 period, which have no associated costs. 
 SG A expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 0.8 million, or 12 , versus the same period of 2023. SG A expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 3.2 million, or 15.2 , versus the same period of 2023. The decreases relate primarily to decreased professional fees and salaries partially offset by increased stock compensation expense. 
 Research and development R D costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 0.3 million, or 39 , and 0.9 million, or 40 , respectively, versus the same periods of 2023 due to reduced occupancy costs, reduced development costs and reduced legal expenses partially offset by increased third-party testing costs. 
 Income from operations increased 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, versus the same period in 2023. The increase is primarily driven by a 0.8 million decrease in SG A expenses and 0.3 million decrease in R D costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period of 2023. Income from operations decreased 13.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the same period in 2023. The decrease is primarily driven by the gain in fair value of the Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable of 30.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 with no corresponding fair value change in the same period of 2024. This gain was partially offset by a 12.3 million increase in gross profit, a 3.2 million decrease in SG A expenses and a 0.9 decrease in R D costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period of 2023. 
 Interest and other expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 0.1 million, driven by decreases in interest related primarily to the Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable, which matured and converted in 2023. Interest and other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 2.6 million driven by the 4.5 million gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to the partial forgiveness of the Flotek PPP loan with no corresponding activity in 2024. The increase was partially offset by a 1.7 million decrease in interest payments, which related primarily to the Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable, which matured and converted in 2023. 
 The Company s income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 0.3 million and 0.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Results by Segment (in thousands): 
 Chemistry Technologies Results of Operations: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue from external customers 14,097 16,326 42,143 41,020 Revenue from related party 32,977 29,252 87,732 98,135 Income from operations 5,559 5,519 17,810 32,694 
 CT revenue from external customers for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 2.2 million, or 14 , compared to the same period of 2023 driven primarily by decreased domestic activity. Revenue from related party for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 3.7 million, or 12.7 , compared to the same period of 2023 primarily driven by increased activity under the ProFrac Agreement partially offset by decreased accrued Contract Shortfall Fees. 
 32 

CT revenue from external customers for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 1.1 million, or 3 , compared to the same period of 2023 driven primarily by domestic activity partially offset by decreased international activity. Revenue from related party for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 10.4 million, or 11 , compared to the same period of 2023 primarily driven by decreased activity partially offset by increased accrued Contract Shortfall Fees. 
 Income from operations for the CT segment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 5.6 million compared to 5.5 million the same period of 2023. 
 Income from operations for the CT segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 14.9 million compared to the same period of 2023. The decrease is primarily due to the gain in fair value of the Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable of 30.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 with no corresponding valuation changes in the same period of 2024. The decrease was partially offset by increased gross profit of 13.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 which was related to accrued Contract Shortfall Fees and cost management initiatives. 
 Data Analytics Results of Operations: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue from external customers 2,468 1,480 5,792 6,258 Revenue from related party 200 210 600 457 Income (loss) from operations 130 (37) (652) 550 
 DA revenue from external customers for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 1.0 million, or 67 , compared to the same period of 2023 primarily due to increased unit sales. Revenue from related party for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.2 million relating to services provided to ProFrac compared to 0.2 million for the same period in 2023. DA revenue from external customers for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 0.5 million, or 7 , compared to the same period of 2023 primarily due to reduced unit sales. Revenue from related party for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.6 million relating to services provided to ProFrac compared to 0.5 million for the same period in 2023. 
 Income from operations for the DA segment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 0.2 million compared to the same period for 2023 primarily driven by increased activity and cost management initiatives. Income from operations for the DA segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 1.2 million compared to the same period for 2023 primarily driven by decreased activity and increased materials costs. 
 Corporate and Other Results of Operations: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Loss from operations (2,966) (3,863) (10,106) (12,440) 
 
 Loss from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 0.9 million, or 23 , compared to the same period of 2023 attributable to decreased personnel costs. Loss from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 2.3 million, or 19 , compared to the same period of 2023 attributable to decreased professional fees. 
 
 Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 Overview 
 The Company s capital requirements relate to the acquisition and maintenance of equipment and funding working capital requirements. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company funded working capital requirements with cash on hand and borrowings under the ABL (defined below). 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 5.0 million compared to 5.9 million on December 31, 2023. In addition, at November 5, 2024 , the Company had approximately 14.0 million in available borrowings under its amended ABL. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had 7.1 million of operating income, 5.9 million of cash provided by operating activiti es, 0.5 million of cash used in investing activities and 6.3 million o f cash used in financing activities. 
 33 

Asset Based Loan 
 In August 2023, the Company entered into a 24-month revolving loan and security agreement in connection with an Asset Based Loan (the ABL ). During August 2024, the Company entered into a second amendment to the ABL extending the maturity to August 2026, increasing the credit availability and lowering the interest rate spread. The ABL provides up to 20.0 million of credit availability, which is limited by a borrowing base consisting of (i) 85 of eligible accounts receivable, plus (ii) 60 of the value of eligible inventory not to exceed 100 of the eligible accounts receivable, plus (iii) 60 of the value of certain real estate holdings. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 1.4 million outstanding under the ABL. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred 0.7 million in interest and fees related to the ABL. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 0.2 million of unamortized deferred financing costs related to the ABL. 
 Borrowings under the ABL bear interest at the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate (subject to a floor of 5.50 plus 2.0 per annum. The interest rate under the ABL was 10.0 as of September 30, 2024. The ABL contains an annual commitment fee equal to 1.0 of the ABL s borrowing base. Additionally, the Company will be assessed a non-usage fee of 0.25 per quarter based on the difference between the average daily outstanding balance and the borrowing base limit of the ABL. If the ABL is terminated prior to the end of its term, the Company is required to pay an early termination fee of 2.50 of the borrowing base limit of the ABL (if terminated with more than 12 months remaining until the maturity date) or 1.50 of the borrowing base limit of the ABL (if terminated with less than 12 months remaining until the maturity date). 
 The ABL contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default, the occurrence of which would permit the lender to accelerate the payment of any amounts borrowed. The ABL requires the Company to maintain a minimum Tangible Net Worth (as defined in the ABL) of not less than 11 million. In addition, the ABL provides the lender a blanket security interest on all or substantially all of the Company s assets. The Company was in compliance with all of the covenants under the ABL as of September 30, 2024. 
 Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The going concern assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 
 The Company currently funds its operations with cash on hand, availability under the ABL (see Note 9, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) and other liquid assets. The Company recognized 9.1 million and 2.5 million of gross profit and net income, respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and recognized 27.1 million and 6.1 million of gross profit and net income, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Further, the Company recognized net cash provided by operating activities of 5.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. While we believe that our cash, liquid assets, and availability under the ABL will provide us with sufficient financial resources to fund operations to meet our capital requirements and anticipated obligations as they become due, uncertainty surrounding the long-term stability and strength of the oil and gas markets, and the resulting potential impact on our customers ability to pay their obligations to us in a timely manner, could have a negative impact on our liquidity. The availability of capital is dependent on the Company s operating cash flow, which is currently expected to be principally derived from the ProFrac Agreement (see Note 16, Related Party Transactions in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report). Related party revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included Contract Shortfall Fees of 6.8 million and 23.8 million, respectively (see Note 16, Related Party Transactions in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report). Related party receivables as of September 30, 2024 included accrued Contract Shortfall Fees of 23.8 million, which will be due in the first quarter of 2025 under the terms of the ProFrac Agreement. 
 Based upon our outlook for future cash flows from operations, which includes the collection of the Contract Shortfall Fees in the first quarter of 2025, combined with cash on hand and availability under the ABL, the Company believes it has sufficient financial resources to fund operations and meet its capital requirements and anticipated obligations as they become due in the next twelve months. While the Company cannot guarantee a sufficient level of cash flows in the future, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. 
 34 

Cash Flows 
 Consolidated cash flows by type of activity are noted below (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 5,925 (9,248) Net cash used in investing activities (457) (525) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (6,329) 1,925 Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 6 13 Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (855) (7,835) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 5.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash used in operating activities of 9.2 million for the same period of 2023. Consolidated net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.1 million compared to net income of 22.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, non-cash adjustments to net income totaled 8.7 million as compared to 25.8 million for the same period of 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 non-cash adjustments included non-cash positive adjustments of 0.9 million of stock compensation expense, 4.3 million amortization of contract assets and 1.7 million non-cash lease expense. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 non-cash adjustments included 30.0 million for the change in fair value of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable and 4.5 million related to the partial forgiveness of the PPP loan, partially offset by 2.3 million paid-in-kind interest expense and non-cash negative adjustments of 0.6 million of stock compensation expense. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, changes in working capital used 8.9 million of cash as compared to 6.1 million for the same period of 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, changes in working capital resulted primarily from an increase in related party accounts receivable of 12.5 million, decreased third party accounts receivable of 1.3 million and net inventories of 0.5 million along with decreased accrued liabilities and operating lease liabilities of 1.7 million and 2.0 million, respectively, partially offset by increases in accounts payable of 5.7 million, and other assets of 0.8 million. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, changes in working capital resulted primarily from a decrease in accrued liabilities and operating lease liabilities of 3.2 million and 2.6 million, respectively, a decrease in related party accounts receivable of 2.1 million and a decrease in other assets of 0.9 million, partially offset by a 3.5 million increase in third-party accounts receivable. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 0.5 million and 0.5 million, respectively, driven by capital expenditures in both periods. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.3 million and relates primarily to 6.1 million in net payments on the ABL, payments for loan origination costs, payments to tax authorities for shares withheld from employees and payments for finance leases, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of stock. Net cash provided by financing activities was 1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and relates primarily to payments for forfeited options, payments for loan origination costs, payments to tax authorities for shares withheld from employees and payments on finance leases, offset by 3.4 million in net proceeds from the ABL. 
 35 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP and the Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company s management to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s 2023 Annual Report describes the critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2023 Annual Report describe the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 The Company is primarily exposed to market risk from changes in raw material prices, freight costs and foreign currency exchange rates. There have been no material changes to the quantitative or qualitative disclosures about market risk set forth in Part II, Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk of the Company s 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance that control objectives are attained. 
 In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e), we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer , of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and Rule 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 36 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Except as described in Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part I, Item 1, there have been no material changes in the legal proceedings as described in Item3. - Legal Proceedings in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the risk factors contained in Item 1A.-Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and/or future results. As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes in our risk factors from those set forth in the Annual Report. The risks described in the Annual Report are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or future results. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company s stock compensation plans allow employees to elect to have shares withheld to satisfy their tax liabilities related to non-qualified stock options exercised or restricted stock vested or to pay the exercise price of the options. When this settlement method is elected by the employee, the Company repurchases the shares withheld upon vesting or exercise of the award. Repurchases of the Company s equity securities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that the Company made or were made on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act are as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 124 4.92 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 1,015 4.52 Total 1,139 
 
 (1) The Company purchases shares of its common stock (a) to satisfy tax withholding requirements and payment remittance obligations related to period vesting of restricted shares and exercise of non-qualified stock options and (b) to satisfy payments required for common stock upon the exercise of stock options. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 37 

Item 6. Exhibit Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 2.1 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2020, by and between the Company, JP3 Measurement, LLC, the Sellers party thereto, and John A. Cardwell, as Seller Representative) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2020). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Flotek Industries, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2020). 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (form of which is incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company s Proxy Statement filed on April 5, 2022). 
 3.5 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Flotek Industries, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2023). 
 3.6 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023) 
 4.1 Form of Certificate of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Appendix E to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on September 27, 2001). 
 4.2 Form of Convertible Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2022). 
 4.3 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2022). 
 4.4 10 Convertible PIK Note dated May 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2022). 
 4.5 Form of Pre-Funded Warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2022). 
 10.1 Second Amendment to That Certain Revolving Loan and Security Agreement, effective August 5, 2024, among Flotek Industries, Inc., Flotek Chemistry, LLC and JP3 Measurement, LLC, as borrowers, and Amerisource Funding, Inc., as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2024). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed with this Form 10-Q. Furnished with this Form 10-Q, not filed. Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff. 
 
 38 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: November 7, 2024 
 
 FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. By: /s/ Ryan Ezell Ryan Ezell Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Bond Clement Bond Clement Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311_10q3x24.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Ryan Ezell, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Flotek Industries, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s RYAN EZELL Ryan Ezell Chief Executive Officer 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312_10q3x24.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Bond Clement, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Flotek Industries, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s BOND CLEMENT Bond Clement Chief Financial Officer 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321_10q3x24.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Flotek Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Ryan Ezell Ryan Ezell Chief Executive Officer 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322_10q3x24.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Flotek Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s BOND CLEMENT Bond Clement Chief Financial Officer 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ftk-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ftk-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ftk-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ftk-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ftk-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

