<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1866226_0001213900-24-099817.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4437523</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127425</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>970739</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>853013</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1069684</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1350168</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-099817.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119063023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-099817
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001866226
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				871006702
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41183
		FILM NUMBER:		241473332

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4422 N. RAVENSWOOD AVE #1025
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60640
		BUSINESS PHONE:		251-280-1980

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4422 N. RAVENSWOOD AVE #1025
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60640

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-099817.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 ea0221606-10q_welsbach.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

160 S Craig Place 

Lombard, Illinois 60148 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 19, 2024, there were 
shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

WELSBACH TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Condensed
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 33 
 
 Item 4. 
 Control and Procedures 
 33 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 34 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 35 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 35 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 35 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 36 

SIGNATURES 
 37 

i 

PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

WELSBACH TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total current assets 

Restricted cash 

Cash and investment held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to affiliates 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Excise tax payable 

Convertible promissory notes related party 

Working capital loans related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 6) 

REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK 

Common Stock subject to possible redemption, par value, shares at redemption value of per share at September 30, 2024 and shares at redemption value of at December 31, 2023, respectively 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (excluding 1,082,789 shares at September 30, 2024 and 2,172,851 shares at December 31, 2023 subject to redemption) 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

WELSBACH TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative 

Franchise tax 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income from cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Other income, net 

Loss before (provision for) benefit from income taxes 

(Provision for) benefit from income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of common stock - redemption feature 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share of common stock - redemption feature 

Weighted average shares outstanding of common stock - no redemption feature 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share of common stock - no redemption feature 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

WELSBACH TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Common stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2024 

Accretion of redeemable common stock to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2024 

Accretion of redeemable common stock to redemption value 

Excise tax on redemption of Class A common stock 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Accretion of redeemable common stock to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Common stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2023 

Accretion of redeemable common stock to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

Accretion of redeemable common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Accretion of redeemable common stock to redemption value 

Excise tax on redemption of Class A common stock 

Net income 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

WELSBACH TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income on investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Due to affiliates 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash deposited to Trust Account 

Notes receivable - related party 

Repayment of notes receivable - related party 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Redemption of common stock - due to stockholders 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note related party 

Proceeds from working capital loans related party 

Net cash used in financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Income taxes 

Franchise taxes 

Supplemental disclosure on noncash activities: 

Accretion for redeemable common stock to redemption value 

Excise tax on redemption of Class A common stock 

Due to stockholders for redemption of Common Stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

WELSBACH TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

. The Company is a blank
check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). 

The Company is not limited
to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging
growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

The Company has one subsidiary,
WTMA Merger Subsidiary Corp. (the Merger Sub ), a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in the state
of Delaware on October 19, 2022. As of September 30, 2024, the subsidiary had no activity. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity through September 30, 2024, relates to the Company s formation and Initial
Public Offering IPO ), which is described below and, since the offering, the search for a prospective Business Combination.
The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest.
The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income earned on cash and investments from the proceeds derived from
the IPO. The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective on December 27, 2021. On December 30, 2021, the
Company consummated the IPO of units Units ), each Unit containing share of common stock (the Public
Shares and right to receive 1/10 of share of common stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination (the Public
Rights ), at per Unit generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. The Company has selected December
31 as its fiscal year end. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of private placement units Private Placement Units at a price of
 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC (the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

The Company granted the underwriters
a -day option to purchase up to Units to cover Over-allotment, if any. On January 14, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised
the option (the Over-allotment and purchased additional Units (the Over-allotment Units ), generating
gross proceeds of . 

Upon the closing of the over-allotment
on January 14, 2022, the Company consummated a private sale of an additional Private Placement Units at a price of per Private
Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of . As of January 14, 2022, a total of of the net proceeds from the IPO
(including the Over-allotment Units) and the sale of Private Placement Units has been placed in the Trust Account (defined below). As
the over-allotment option was only partially exercised, shares of common stock purchased by the Initial Stockholders (as defined
below) have been forfeited for no consideration. 

Offering costs for the IPO
and underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option amounted to , consisting of of underwriting
fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in the Trust Account (defined below)) and of other costs.
As described in Note 6, the of deferred underwriting fee payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement entered into in connection with the IPO (the Underwriting Agreement ). 

Following the closing of
the IPO, per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Private Placement Units was placed
in a trust account Trust Account ). The amounts placed in the Trust Account will be invested in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ),
with a maturity of days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the
Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the
Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described
below. On November 8, 2023, to mitigate the risk of the Company being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company
(including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act), the Company liquidated the U.S. government
treasury obligations held in the Trust Account and placed all funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing deposit account. 

5 

of the assets held in the Trust Account excluding the amounts
due under the business combination marketing agreement and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement
to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance
the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company will provide
the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of
their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve
the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of
a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their
Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus
any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). 

All of the Public Shares
contain a redemption feature, which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation,
if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection with certain
amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 Subtopic 10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require common stock subject
to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding instruments
(i.e., Public Rights as defined in Note 3), the initial carrying value of the Public Shares classified as temporary equity will be the
allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20 Debt with Conversion and other Options . The Public Shares are
subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i)
accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the
instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. While redemptions cannot cause the Company s net tangible
assets to fall below , the Public Shares are redeemable and are classified as such on the consolidated balance sheets until
such date that a redemption event takes place. 

Redemptions of the Company s
Public Shares may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions, including minimum cash conditions, pursuant to an agreement relating to
the Company s Business Combination. If the Company seeks stockholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed
with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination, or such other vote as required
by law or stock exchange rule. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the
Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Certificate of Incorporation,
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer
documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons,
the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder
Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally,
each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote
for or against the proposed transaction. 

6 

or more of the Public Shares sold in the IPO, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The Company s Sponsor,
officers and directors and other holders of Founders Shares (the Initial Stockholders have agreed not to propose an amendment
to the Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its
Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their shares of Common Stock in conjunction with any such amendment. 

The Company initially had
until September 30, 2022 to complete a Business Combination, 9 months following the consummation of the Company s IPO, and further
extended, as described below, to 12 and 15 months following the IPO, as the Sponsor extended the period of time to consummate a Business
Combination two times by an additional three months, pursuant to the terms of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and the
trust agreement. The Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to us to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by
the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board
of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. As of June 24, 2024, the Company announced that funds in the Company s
Trust Account established to hold a portion of the proceeds from the Company s initial public offering, including any interest thereon,
will not be used, now or in the future, to pay for any dissolution expenses in connection with the liquidation of the Trust Account. 

The period of time for the
Company to complete a business combination under its amended and restated certificate of incorporation has been extended for a period
of 3 months from September 30, 2022 to December 30, 2022 upon the deposit of into the Trust Account on September 27, 2022 in
accordance with the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Subsequently, the period of time for the Company
to complete a business combination under its amended and restated certificate of incorporation has been extended for a period of 3 months
from December 30, 2022 to March 30, 2023 upon the deposit of into the Trust Account on December 23, 2022. 

On March 24, 2023, the Company
held a special meeting of its stockholders. In connection with the votes to approve the March Extensions (defined below), the stockholders
approved the proposal to amend the Company s charter by allowing the Company to extend (the Extension the date by
which it has to consummate a business combination (the Combination Period for up to an additional six months, from March
30, 2023 to up to September 30, 2023, by depositing into the Trust Account for each additional one month extension (the Extension
Payment in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note, convertible at the option of the holder, in full or
in part, into units at a price of per unit, which units will be identical to the private placement units issued in connection with
the initial public offering of the Company s units and repayable upon closing of a business combination (the Extension Note ). 

The Company and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company entered into an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 24, 2023, by and
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company allowing the Company to extend the Combination Period for up to
an additional six months, from March 30, 2023 to up to September 30, 2023 (the March Extensions ), by depositing into the
trust account the Extension Payment each additional one month extension in exchange for an Extension Note. 

7 

into the Trust Account on March 28, 2023, April
27, 2023, May 26, 2023, June 29, 2023, August 1, 2023 and August 29, 2023 in accordance with the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. 

On March 24, 2023, holders
of shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price
of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million, leaving approximately million
in the trust account, based on the approximately million held in the trust account. The amount due to the redeeming stockholders
was disbursed on April 10, 2023. 

On April 10, 2023, 
million was disbursed to holders of shares exercising their right to redeem at the special meeting of the Company s stockholders
held on March 24, 2023 in connection with the vote to approve the March Extensions. 

On September 11, 2023, the
Company issued a press release to announce that it had entered into a non-binding letter of intent with a target in the critical materials
space (the Target for a potential business combination. There can be no assurance that a definitive agreement will be entered
into or that the proposed transaction will be consummated. 

On September 29, 2023, the
Company held a special meeting of its stockholders. The stockholders approved the proposal to amend (the September Charter Amendment the Company s charter by allowing the Company to extend the Combination Period with a target for up to an additional nine months,
from September 30, 2023, to up to June 30, 2024 and proposal to amend the Trust Agreement, allowing the Company to extend the Combination
Period for up to an additional nine months, from September 30, 2023, to up to June 30, 2024 (the September Trust Amendment 
and together with the September Charter Amendment, the September Extensions ), for no contribution to the trust account.
In connection with the votes to approve the September Extensions, the holders of shares of common stock of the Company properly
exercised and did not reverse, their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of approximately million. The amount due to the redeeming stockholders was subsequently disbursed on October 12,
2023. 

On October 9, 2023, the Company
received a letter (the Notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications department of Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating that the Company no longer complies with the requirements of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2) (the Rule for continued
listing on Nasdaq. Under the Rule, the Company is required to maintain at least 400 total holders (the Total Holder Requirement ).
The Notice indicates that the Company has 45 calendar days (the Deadline to submit a plan (the Compliance Plan to regain compliance with the Rule. If Nasdaq accepts the Compliance Plan, Nasdaq can grant the Company an extension of up to 180 calendar
days from the date of the Notice to evidence compliance. On November 12, 2023 the Company received an extension to regain compliance with
the Rule on or before April 8, 2024. As of April 5, 2024, the Company has received e-mail confirmation from Nasdaq that the Total Holder
Requirement deficiency has been cured, followed by a formal confirmation from Nasdaq on April 11, 2024. 

On October 16, 2023, the
board of directors (the Board of the Company appointed Mr. Andrew Switaj and Mr. Dominik Michael Oggenfuss (each, a New
Director as directors of the Company (the Appointment ), effective immediately. 

In connection with
the Appointment, the Board authorized the Company to enter into indemnity agreements with each New Director (the Indemnity Agreements ).
The Company and each New Director consented to and executed the Indemnity Agreements on October 16, 2023. 

On November 8, 2023, to mitigate
the risk of the Company being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test
of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act), the Company liquidated the U.S. government treasury obligations held in the Trust
Account and placed all funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing deposit account. 

On January 25, 2024, the
Company issued a press release to announce that it had entered into a non-binding letter of intent with a target in the critical materials
space (the Target for a potential business combination. There can be no assurance that a definitive agreement will be entered
into or that the proposed transaction will be consummated. 

On March 18, 2024, Ms. Emily
King resigned from her position as director, and a member of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
of the Company, effective immediately March 18, 2024 and Mr. Andrew Switaj resigned from his position as director, and a member of the
Audit Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, effective immediately March 18, 2024. Neither Ms.
King s nor Mr. Switaj s resignation is a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter related to the operations,
policies, or practices of the Company. 

8 

shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised, and as of the date hereof have not reversed, their right to redeem
their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 
million. The amount due to the redeeming stockholders was subsequently disbursed on August 2, 2024. 

The Sponsor and the Company
have entered into Non-Redemption Agreements with several unaffiliated third parties (the Investors on substantially the
same terms in exchange for their agreement to not redeem an aggregate of ordinary shares in the Company at the Special Stockholder
Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitment not to redeem such shares, the Sponsor has agreed to cause MergeCo to issue to such
Investors an aggregate of ordinary shares of MergeCo immediately following the consummation of an initial business combination
if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Special Stockholder Meeting. 

9 

10 

million through a private investment in public equity PIPE
Anchor Equity Investment to be consummated concurrently with the Closing at a pre-money enterprise valuation for EM T of US 
billion. Additionally, BCG, through a special purpose lending vehicle Lender ), agrees to provide a debt facility Debt
Facility of up to US billion to EM T or to a subsidiary of EM T guaranteed, inter alios, by EM T to be consummated
concurrently with the Closing. The closing of the PIPE Anchor Equity Investment and Debt Facility is subject to the satisfactory completion
of BCG s on-going due diligence, final investment approvals, execution of an equity subscription agreement, execution of a debt
facility agreement, the Closing, and other closing conditions. 

The Initial Stockholders
have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. However, if the Initial Stockholders should acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to its deferred underwriting
fees (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period,
and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption
of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available
for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only per shares held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts
held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party
who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims
under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by
endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and
the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine and the Middle East. We cannot at
this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may
negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial Business Combination. 

11 

Excise Tax on certain repurchases
of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations
occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which
shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of
the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value
of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions
apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations
and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any redemption or other repurchase
that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise
tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote
or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection
with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any
PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination,
but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury.
In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment
of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business
Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

During the second quarter
of 2024, the Internal Revenue Service issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment of the excise tax. These regulations
provided that the filing and payment deadline for any liability incurred during the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 would
be October 31, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating its options with respect to this obligation. Any amount of such excise tax not
paid in full, will be subject to additional interest and penalties which are currently estimated at interest per annum and a underpayment
penalty per month or portion of a month up to of the total liability for any amount that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid
in full. On October 15, 2024, the Company has filed an excise tax return for the year ended December 31, 2023. As of the date of filing of these
financial statements the Company has not yet paid the amount due. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company s stockholders redeemed common shares for a total of . For the year ended December
31, 2023, the Company s stockholders redeemed an aggregate common shares for a total of . The Company evaluated
the classification and accounting of the stock redemption under ASC 450, Contingencies . ASC 450 states that when a loss
contingency exists the likelihood that the future event(s) will confirm the loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability
can range from probable to remote. A contingent liability must be reviewed at each reporting period to determine appropriate treatment.
The excise tax is determined at year end based on events that occurred during the year. The excise tax is representative of a contingent
liability that is probable of occurring due to the extension to June 30, 2025, past the end of the Company s current year reporting
period. The Company would be required to record a liability in the amount of the excise tax liability which would be calculated as 
of the shares redeemed during the reporting period. This position would be reviewed at the end of each reporting period for any change
in fact. If the SPAC were to completely liquidates and dissolves (within the meaning of 1.331-1(d)(1)(ii)) during a taxable year
(that is, has a final distribution in complete liquidation to which 331 applies during that taxable year), no distribution by that
covered corporation or covered surrogate foreign corporation during that taxable year is a repurchase. 

12 

excise tax liability in the amount of and on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The liability does not impact the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations
and is offset against additional paid-in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid-in capital is not available. 

Going Concern, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had operating cash of , and a working capital deficit of . Further, the Company has incurred and expects to
continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. The Company has no revenue, and its business plan
is dependent on the completion of a Business Combination within the Combination Period. If the Company is unable to compete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, it must liquidate. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern within a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Until the consummation of
a Business Combination, the Company will be using funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying
and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business
combination. If the Company s estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence, and negotiating
a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate
its business prior to a Business Combination. 

The Company will need to
raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties.
The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any
time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly,
the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to
take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, suspending the pursuit of a Business
Combination. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if
at all. 

As a result of the above,
in connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards
Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 
management determined that the liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern through September 30, 2024, the scheduled liquidation date of the Company if it
does not complete a Business Combination prior to such date. Management may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments
from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties to meet the Company s working capital needs and to complete
a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. The Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. The Company
cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. The Company intends
to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be
able to consummate any Business Combination by September 30, 2024. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from its inability to consummate a Business Combination or its inability to continue as a going concern. 

13 

14 

withdrawals from the Trust Account in connection with redemptions and had withdrawn 
from the Trust Account for the purpose of paying the Company s franchise and income taxes. 

from the Trust Account for taxes of which was already utilized to pay for franchise
and income taxes. From inception through December 31, 2023, the Company has withdrawn a total of from the Trust Account for taxes
of which was already utilized to pay for franchise and income taxes. 

, which were utilized to pay the outstanding franchise and income taxes. 

,
which was charged against additional paid-in capital and common stock subject to redemption upon the completion of the IPO. Subsequently,
additional offering cost of was incurred with the Over-allotment in January 2022 and was also charged against additional paid-in
capital and common stock subject to redemption in January 2022. 

15 

and ) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, ) and for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily due to the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets and
merger and acquisition costs treated as permanent differences. 

unrecognized tax benefits as of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Amounts accrued for interest and penalties were and for the three months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively, and amounts accrued for interest and penalties were and for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position. 

shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their
right to redeem their shares for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million. The amount due to the redeeming stockholders
was subsequently disbursed on April 10, 2023. 

shares of common stock of the Company properly
exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate redemption amount of million. The amount due to the redeeming stockholders
was subsequently disbursed on October 12, 2023. 

shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their
right to redeem their shares for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million, leaving approximately million
in the trust account, based on the approximately million held in the trust account as of June 28, 2024 (less funds that may be
withdrawn to pay taxes). 

and
 shares of common stock subject to possible redemption on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are presented
as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance
sheets. 

16 

Less: 

Redemption of Common Stock 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Redeemable ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2024 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share 

17 

Units at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of common stock and right to receive one-tenth
(1/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination. 

The Company granted the underwriters
a -day option to purchase up to Units to cover Over-allotment, if any. On January 14, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised
the option and purchased additional Units. 

Private Placement Units in a private placement
transaction at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Private Placement Unit consists
of share of common stock and right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination. 

On January 14, 2022, the
Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Placement Units, at per Private Placement Unit for an aggregate purchase
price of . 

A portion of the proceeds
from the Private Placement Units were added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units will be used to fund the
redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Units will be worthless. 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value for an aggregate
price of . On October 13, 2021, the Company effected an exchange of each such Class B shares for shares of the Company s
common stock, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. The Company no longer has Class B common stock
authorized. The Initial Stockholders had agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is
not exercised in full by the underwriters. On January 14, 2022, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares for no consideration, due
to the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option in part. 

The Founder Shares were placed
into an escrow account maintained in New York, New York by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as escrow agent. Subject
to certain limited exceptions, of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of
(i) nine months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination and (ii) the date on which the closing price of our common
stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any
 trading days within any -trading day period commencing after our Business Combination and the remaining of the Founder Shares
will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until nine months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination,
or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar
transaction, which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or
other property. 

18 

in excess of aggregate purchase price of the Private Placement Units. On January 14, 2022, the Sponsor
funded in excess of the aggregate purchase price of the Private Placement Units sold in conjunction with the exercise
of the over-allotment option (for an aggregate of in excess purchase price). 

For the period ended September
30, 2024, the Company expensed a total of for support services from the Sponsor of which amount was reported as due to affiliates.
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company expensed a total of for support services from the Sponsor of which 
was reported as due to affiliates, net of payments to the Sponsor and reversal of previously accrued support services. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, respectively, there were outstanding amounts due to affiliates of and , which will be repaid from
Company s operating account as soon as practicable. 

Related Party Loans 

In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are
not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business
Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise,
the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does
not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may
be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per unit. These units would be identical to the
Private Placement Units. 

On July 30, 2023, the Company
issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 1 in the principal amount of to the Sponsor in exchange for
cash. The Company drawn an additional from this promissory note which resulted in a total outstanding amount of . 

On August 30, 2023, the Company
issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 2 in the principal amount of to the Sponsor in exchange for
cash. 

On September 28, 2023, the
Company issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 3 in the principal amount of to the Sponsor in exchange
for cash. 

On November 10, 2023, the
Company issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 4 in the principal amount of to the Sponsor in exchange
for cash. 

On December 29, 2023, the
Company issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 5 in the principal amount of to the Sponsor in exchange
for cash. 

On March 20, 2024, the Company
issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 6 in the principal amount of to the Sponsor in exchange for
cash. 

On June 28, 2024, the Company
issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 7 in the principal amount of to the Sponsor in exchange for
cash. 

On September 30, 2024, the
Company issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 8 in the principal amount of to the Sponsor in exchange
for cash. 

Working Capital Note 1, together
with Working Capital Notes 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 (hereinafter, collectively, the Working Capital Notes are non-interest
bearing, unsecured promissory notes that will not be repaid in the event that the Company is unable to close an initial business combination
unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such Working Capital Notes would either be paid upon consummation
of the Initial Business Combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company or, at the Sponsor s discretion,
converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination into additional private units at a price of 
per unit. Additional Working Capital Notes may be funded at the discretion of the Sponsor, in total amounts for the Working Capital Notes
series not to exceed million. 

19 

and reported in
Working capital loans related party in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Convertible Promissory Notes Related
Party 

On September 30, 2022, the
Company issued a first promissory note (the First Promissory Note in the principal amount of to the Sponsor in
connection with the Extension (see Note 1) (the First Promissory Note ). The First Promissory Note bears no interest and
shall be payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to the Company s or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation
of the Company s business combination into additional private units at a price of per unit (the Conversion ). 

On December 30, 2022, the
Company issued a second promissory note (the Second Promissory Note in the principal amount of to the Sponsor in
connection with the Extension (see Note 1). The Second Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable upon the earlier to occur
of (i) upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the
Company s or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Company s business
combination into additional private units at a price of per unit (the Conversion ). 

On each of March 30, 2023,
April 30, 2023, May 30, 2023, June 30, 2023, July 30, 2023 and August 30, 2023, the Company issued six promissory notes to the Sponsor
in connection with the Extension (see Note 1) in the principal amount of for each note (together with the First Promissory Note
and the Second Promissory note, collectively, the Convertible Promissory Notes ). The Convertible Promissory Notes bear no
interest and shall be payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination out
of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company s or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or
in part, upon consummation of the Company s business combination into additional private units at a price of per unit (the
 Conversion ). 

The Convertible Promissory
Notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, convertible
into private units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per unit. The conversion feature was analyzed under ASC
470-20, Debt with Conversion or Other Options , the Promissory Notes did not include any premium or discounts. The conversion
option did not include elements that would require bifurcation under ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging. The convertible
note payable and conversion feature does not meet the requirements for classification under ASC 480 and as a result is not required to
be accounted for as a liability under ASC 480. In this case, the conversion feature embedded within the convertible promissory note does
not require bifurcation and as a result remains embedded within the debt instrument because the convertible promissory note conversion
feature does not meet the definition of a derivative as it fails the net settlement requirement. The embedded conversion feature does
qualify as equity under ASC 815-40 as the exercise contingency is not based on an observable market or index unrelated to the issuer,
the instrument meets the fixed-for-fixed criteria under ASC 815-40-15, meets the requirements for equity classification pursuant to ASC
815-40-25-1 and 25-2 and does not meet the definition of a derivative as it fails the net settlement requirement. Based on this analysis,
the scope exception would apply, and the embedded conversion feature would fail to satisfy the third bifurcation condition within ASC
815-15-25-1. 

20 

outstanding under the Convertible Promissory Notes reported in Convertible
promissory notes related party in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Support Services 

Commencing on December 27,
2021, the Company entered into an agreement to pay the Sponsor per month for the use of office space and administrative support
services. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and , respectively, has been expensed related to the
agreement and are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and , respectively, has been expensed related to the agreement
and are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in due to affiliates in the accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

-day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On January 14, 2022, the underwriters purchased an additional Units at an offering price of 
per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds of to the Company. In February 2022, the remaining portion of the underwriters 
over-allotment option expired. 

The underwriters were paid
a cash underwriting fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate. In addition, per Unit, or in the aggregate
will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions, which will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the Underwriting
Agreement. 

Merger Agreement 

On April 1, 2024, the Company
entered into a Merger Agreement by and among the Company, the Merger Sub and EM. 

The Merger 

The Merger Agreement provides
that, among other things and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, the following transactions will occur: 

(i) Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Merger Agreement, the Company, Merger Sub and the EM (Merger Sub and EM sometimes
being referred to herein as the Constituent Corporations shall cause Merger Sub to be merged with and into EM, with EM
being the surviving corporation in the Merger. 

(ii) The
Merger shall be consummated in accordance with the Merger Agreement and shall be evidenced by a certificate of merger with respect to
the Merger (as so filed, the Merger Certificate ), executed by the Constituent Corporations in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), Upon consummation of the Merger, the separate corporate existence
of Merger Sub shall cease and EM, as the surviving corporation of the Merger (hereinafter the Surviving Corporation ), shall
continue its corporate existence under the DGCL, as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

(iii) The
Company will immediately be renamed Evolution Metals Technologies Corp. 

21 

shares of redeemable common stock. In consideration of this agreement, the Sponsor agreed to cause the surviving
entity MergeCo of any future WTMA initial business combination to issue to such shareholders a certain number of additional
ordinary or common shares of MergeCo immediately following the consummation of an initial business combination, if they continue to hold
such Non-Redeemed Shares through the special stockholder meeting held on September 29, 2023. 

On June 28, 2024, the Sponsor
and the Company have entered into Non-Redemption Agreements with several unaffiliated third parties (the Investors on substantially
the same terms in exchange for their agreement to not redeem an aggregate of ordinary shares in the Company at the special meeting
held on June 28, 2024. In exchange for the foregoing commitment not to redeem such shares, the Sponsor has agreed to cause MergeCo to
issue to such Investors an aggregate of ordinary shares of MergeCo immediately following the consummation of an initial business
combination if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the special stockholder meeting held on June 28, 2024. 

Advisory Agreement 

On September 8, 2023 the
Company engaged J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, acting through its Cohen Company Capital Markets division CCM to provide
various advisory services related to extension and closing a transaction. The Company shall make a payment to CCM if the following conditions
are met (i) the Extension is approved, (ii) the Extension is for at least six months, (iii) a minimum of remains in the Trust
Account immediately following the Extension and (iv) no more than shares of the Company were transferred to non-affiliate holders
of the Company s founder shares or Target s equity in connection with the Extension. CCM shall receive common shares
or equivalent equity of the publicly listed post-business combination company (the Post-Closing Company (the Fee
Shares ), which Fee Shares shall be issued at the closing of the Business Combination in book entry form in the name of and delivered
to CCM (or its designee). The Fee Shares, if issued, shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and shall
be registered for resale under the Act, or otherwise freely tradeable, as of the delivery of the fee shares. 

On June 21, 2024, the Company
engaged J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, acting through its Cohen Company Capital Markets division CCM to act as the
Company s capital markets advisor and placement agent in connection with seeking an extension for completing an initial business
combination which shall result in the surviving publicly listed post-business combination company (the Post-Closing Company ).
The Company shall make a payment to CCM if the following conditions are met (i) the extension is approved, (ii) the extension is for at
least twelve months, (iii) a minimum of remains in the Trust Account immediately following the extension and (iv) no more
than shares of the Post-Closing Company were committed to be issued to non-affiliate holders of WTMA s shares in connection
with the extension, CCM shall receive common shares or equivalent equity of the Post-Closing Company (the Fee Shares ),
which Fee Shares shall be issued at the closing of the Business Combination in book entry form in the name of and delivered to CCM (or
its designee). The Fee Shares, if issued, shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and shall be registered
for resale under the Act, or otherwise freely tradeable, as of the delivery of the Fee Shares. 

22 

million through a private investment in public equity PIPE
Anchor Equity Investment to be consummated concurrently with the Closing at a pre-money enterprise valuation for EM T of US 
billion. Additionally, BCG, through a special purpose lending vehicle Lender ), agrees to provide a debt facility Debt
Facility of up to US billion to EM T or to a subsidiary of EM T guaranteed, inter alios, by EM T to be consummated
concurrently with the Closing. The closing of the PIPE Anchor Equity Investment and Debt Facility is subject to the satisfactory completion
of BCG s on-going due diligence, final investment approvals, execution of an equity subscription agreement, execution of a debt
facility agreement, the Closing, and other closing conditions. 

shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of .
On October 13, 2021, the Company effected a.n exchange of each such share of Class B common stock for shares of our common stock,
resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of founder shares. The Company no longer has Class B common stock authorized. 

Common stock 
 The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding excluding and shares of common
stock subject to possible redemption, respectively. 

in connection with redemptions of common stock, which includes of the interest earned on the Trust Account distributed
to the stockholders, of the interest earned on the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes of which no amount is reported
as restricted cash on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

At September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023 there were no assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the fair value
hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value. 

23 

24 

Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

References in this report
to the Company, Welsbach, our, us or we refer to Welsbach Technology
Metals Acquisition Corporation. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers
and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC. The following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements and the notes related thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Quarterly
Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s
management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business
combination with one or more target businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial
public offering and the sale of the placement units that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our IPO, our capital stock, debt
or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to
incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination
will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

On March 20, 2024, the Company
issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 6 in the principal amount of 373,737 to the Sponsor in exchange for
cash. 

On June 28, 2024, the Company
issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 7 in the principal amount of 177,773 to the Sponsor in exchange for
cash. 

On September 30, 2024,
the Company issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 8 in the principal amount of 192,069 to the Sponsor in
exchange for cash. 

Merger Agreement 

On November 6, 2024, WTMA,
entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Wtma, Merger Sub,
and EM, which amended and restated that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 1, 2024. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
at the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Business Combination ),
Merger Sub will merge with and into EM, with EM surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of WTMA. In connection with the Closing, WTMA intends
to change its name to Evolution Metals Technologies Corp. (such post-Closing entity is referred to as New EM ). 

Amendment No. 1 to Merger
Agreement 

On November 11, 2024, WTMA
entered into an Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Amendment ), by and among WTMA,
Merger Sub, and EM, which amended the Merger Agreement in accordance with Section 11.11 of the Merger Agreement. 

The Amendment amended and
restated certain defined terms in the Merger Agreement and the corresponding consideration schedule in the Company Disclosure Schedule,
to clarify that US NewCo will be a holder of membership interests in EM following the proposed merger that is part of the Business Combination. 

25 

Ancillary Agreements 

Company Equityholder Support
and Lock-up Agreement 

As a condition and inducement
to WTMA s willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, William David Wilcox Jr. (the Company Equityholder executed
and delivered to WTMA a Support and Lock-up Agreement (the Company Equityholder Support and Lock-Up Agreement ), dated as
of November 6, 2024, by and among the Company Equityholder, WTMA, the Sponsor, and the Company Minority Equityholders. Pursuant to the
Company Equityholder Support and Lock-up Agreement, the Company Equityholder has agreed, among other things, (i) to vote in favor of the
adoption and approval, promptly following the time at which the registration statement on Form S-4 shall have been declared effective
and delivered or otherwise made available to WTMA stockholders, of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination and (ii) not
to sell, transfer, convey or assign any Subject Shares (as defined in the Company Equityholder Support and Lock-Up Agreement) until such
time to be mutually agreed by the parties hereto after the Closing Date subject to the terms and conditions of the Company Equityholder
Support and Lock-up Agreement. 

Sponsor Support and Lock-Up
Agreement 

As a condition and inducement
to the EM s willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor executed and delivered to EM an Sponsor Support and Lock-up
Agreement (the Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement ), dated as of November 6, 2024, by and among the Sponsor, WTMA, EM
and the persons set forth on Schedule I thereto. Pursuant to the Sponsor Support and Lock-Up Agreement, the Sponsor has agreed, among
other things, (i) to vote (whether pursuant to a duly convened meeting of the WTMA stockholders or pursuant to an action by written consent
of the WTMA stockholders) in favor of the adoption and approval, promptly following the time at which the registration statement on Form
S-4 shall have been declared effective and delivered or otherwise made available to WTMA stockholders, of the Merger Agreement and the
Business Combination and (ii) not to sell, transfer, convey or assign any shares of WTMA Common Stock until such time to be mutually agreed
by the parties thereto after the Closing subject to the terms and conditions of the Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement. 

On November 14, 2024, WTMA
issued a press release announcing the execution of that certain Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November
6, 2024, as amended by the Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 11, 2024, (the Merger
Agreement ), by and among the WTMA, WTMA Merger Subsidiary LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary
of WTMA Merger Sub ), and Evolution Metals LLC, a Delaware limited liability company EM ), which amended and
restated that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 1, 2024. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
at the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Business Combination ),
Merger Sub will merge with and into EM, with EM surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of WTMA. In connection with the Closing, WTMA intends
to change its name to Evolution Metals Technologies Corp. (such post-Closing entity is referred to as New EM ). 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities for the period ended September 30, 2024 were in connection
with the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds
of the IPO placed in the Trust Account. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal,
financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and
completing, a Business Combination. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 80,697, which primarily consists of operating expenses of 215,108, franchise taxes of 10,400
and a provision for income taxes of 35,730, offset by interest earned on cash held in the Trust Account in total of 180,541. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 246,129, which primarily consists of operating expenses of 757,950, franchise taxes of 117,212
and a provision for income taxes of 70,828, offset by interest earned on cash held in the Trust Account in total of 699,861. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 164,293, which primarily consists of interest and dividend earned on marketable securities
held in the Trust Account in total of 507,906 and a benefit from income taxes of 261,911, offset by operating expenses of 544,383 and
franchise taxes of 61,141. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, we had a net loss of 39,380, which primarily consists of operating expenses of 1,721,711 and franchise taxes
of 172,771, offset by interest and dividend earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account in total of 1,855,102. 

26 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

On December 30, 2021, the
Company consummated the IPO of 7,500,000 units, each Unit containing one share of common stock and one right to receive 1/10 of one share
of common stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination, generating gross proceeds of 75,000,000, which is discussed in Note
3 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 347,500 private placement units Private Placement Units at a price of
 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC (the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of 3,475,000 which is described in Note 4 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

The Company granted the underwriters
a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,125,000 Units to cover Over-allotment, if any. On January 14, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised
the option and purchased 227,686 additional Units (the Over-allotment Units ), generating gross proceeds of 2,276,860. 

Upon the closing of the Over-allotment
on January 14, 2022, the Company consummated a private sale of an additional 4,554 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private
Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of 45,540. As of January 14, 2022, a total of 77,276,860 of the net proceeds from the IPO
(including the Over-allotment Units) and the sale of Private Placement Units has been placed in the Trust Account. As the over-allotment
option was only partially exercised, 224,328 shares of Common stock purchased by the Initial Stockholders have been forfeited for no consideration. 

Offering costs for the IPO
amounted to 4,663,218, consisting of 1,500,000 of underwriting fees, 2,625,000 of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held
in the trust account) and 538,218 of other costs. The deferred underwriting fee payable of 2,704,690 is contingent upon the consummation
of a Business Combination by September 30, 2023, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 929,776. Net cash provided by investing activities was 12,238,964 mainly reflecting
cash withdrawn from trust account to pay franchise and income taxes and cash withdrawn from trust account in connection with redemption.
Net cash used in financing activities was 11,476,212 mainly reflecting proceeds from convertible promissory notes and working capital
loans entered into with the related party and redemption of common stock. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, cash used in operating activities was 700,236. Net cash provided by investing activities was 41,886,600 and net
cash used in financing activities was 41,401,666 mainly reflecting the redemptions of common stock due to stockholders exercising
their redemption rights in connection with the Extension and proceeds from convertible promissory notes entered into with the Sponsor. 

At September 30, 2024, we
had cash held in the trust account of 12,230,126. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including
any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete our business combination. To the
extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining
proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make
other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had 12,238,964 withdrawn
from the trust account to pay franchise and income taxes and in connection with redemption. 

At September 30, 2024, we
had operating cash of 1,185, outside of the trust account. We have used and intend to continue to use the funds held outside the trust
account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. Through
September 30, 2024, the Company has withdrawn a total of 760,186 from the Trust Account for taxes of which was already utilized to pay
for franchise and income taxes. Through December 31, 2023, the Company has withdrawn a total of 741,013 from the Trust Account for taxes
of which 579,564 was already utilized to pay for franchise and income taxes. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively,
there is a restricted cash balance of nil and 161,449 which were utilized to pay the outstanding franchise and income taxes. For the
three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amounts accrued and paid for interest and penalties related to franchise tax were 0 and
 11,141, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amounts accrued and paid for interest and penalties related
to franchise tax were 6,812 and 22,771, respectively. 

27 

We monitor the adequacy of
our working capital in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial business combination. However,
if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business
combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior
to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because
we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we
may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business
Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 

The Company will need to
raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties.
The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any
time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly,
the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to
take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, suspending the pursuit of a Business
Combination. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if
at all. 

As a result of the above,
in connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards
Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 
management determined that the liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern through August 30, 2023, the scheduled liquidation date of the Company if it does
not complete a Business Combination prior to such date. Management may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments
from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties to meet the Company s working capital needs and to complete
a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. The Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. The Company
cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. The Company intends
to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be
able to consummate any Business Combination by September 30, 2024. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from its inability to consummate a Business Combination or its inability to continue as a going concern. 

Related Party Transactions 

Related Party Loans 

In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are
not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay
the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would
be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use
a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would
be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. 

On September 30, 2022, the
Company issued a first promissory note (the First Promissory Note in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor in
connection with the Extension. The First Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) upon
consummation of the Company s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company s
or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Company s business combination
into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. 

28 

On December 30, 2022, the
Company issued a second promissory note (the Second Promissory Note in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor
in connection with the Extension. The Second Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) upon
consummation of the Company s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company s
or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Company s business combination
into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. 

On March 30, 2023, April
30, 2023, May 30, 2023, June 30, 2023, July 30, 2023 and August 30, 2023, the Company issued six promissory notes to the Sponsor in connection
with the March Extensions (the Third , Fourth , Fifth , Sixth , Seventh ,
and Eighth Promissory Notes) in the principal amount of 125,000 for each note. The First Promissory Note together with
Second through Eighth Promissory Notes (collectively, the Convertible Promissory Notes ). The Convertible Promissory Notes
bear no interest and shall be payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination
out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company s or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full
or in part, upon consummation of the Company s business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit
(the Conversion ). 

On July 30, 2023, the Company
issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 1 in the principal amount of 84,000 to the Sponsor in exchange for
cash. The Company drawn an additional 100 from this promissory note which resulted in a total outstanding amount of 84,100. 

On August 30, 2023, the Company
issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 2 in the principal amount of 378,000 to the Sponsor in exchange for
cash. 

On September 28, 2023, the
Company issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 3 in the principal amount of 22,000 to the Sponsor in exchange
for cash. 

On November 10, 2023, the
Company issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 4 in the principal amount of 50,000 to the Sponsor in exchange
for cash. 

On December 29, 2023, the
Company issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 5 in the principal amount of 15,000 to the Sponsor in exchange
for cash. 

On March 20, 2024, the Company
issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 6 working capital promissory note to the Sponsor in the principal amount
of 373,737 in exchange for cash. 

On June 28, 2024, the Company
issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 7 in the principal amount of 177,773 to the Sponsor in exchange for
cash. 

On September 30, 2024,
the Company issued a promissory note (the Working Capital Note 8 in the principal amount of 192,069 to the Sponsor in
exchange for cash. 

Working Capital Note 1, together
with Working Capital Notes 2,3,4,5,6,7 and 8 the (hereinafter, collectively, the Working Capital Notes are a non-interest
bearing, unsecured promissory notes that will not be repaid in the event that the Company is unable to close an initial business combination
unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such Working Capital Notes would either be paid upon consummation
of the Initial Business Combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company or, at the Sponsor s discretion,
converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00
per unit. Additional Working Capital Notes may be funded at the discretion of the Sponsor, in total amounts for the Working Capital Notes
series not to exceed 1.5 million. 

The Convertible Promissory
Notes and Working Capital Notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s
discretion, convertible into private units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit. The conversion feature
was analyzed under ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion or Other Options , the note did not include any premium or discounts.
The conversion option did not include elements that would require bifurcation under ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging. 
The convertible note payable and conversion feature does not meet the requirements for classification under ASC 480 and as a result is
not required to be accounted for as a liability under ASC 480. In this case, the conversion feature embedded within the convertible promissory
note does not require bifurcation and as a result remains embedded within the debt instrument because the convertible promissory note
conversion feature does not meet the definition of a derivative as it fails the net settlement requirement. The embedded conversion feature
does qualify as equity under ASC 815-40 as the exercise contingency is not based on an observable market or index unrelated to the issuer,
the instrument meets the fixed-for-fixed criteria under ASC 815-40-15, meets the requirements for equity classification pursuant to ASC
815-40-25-1 and 25-2 and does not meet the definition of a derivative as it fails the net settlement requirement. Based on this analysis,
the scope exception would apply, and the embedded conversion feature would fail to satisfy the third bifurcation condition within ASC
815-15-25-1. 

29 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, respectively, there was 2,296,371 outstanding under the Convertible Promissory Notes reported in Convertible promissory
notes related party in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, respectively, there were 1,292,679 and 549,100 outstanding under the Working Capital Notes reported in Working
capital loans related party in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company s independent
directors were informed that on May 3, 2023, the Company and Welsbach Holdings Pte Ltd (the Backstopper ), an affiliate of
the Sponsor, entered into a backstop agreement (the Backstop Agreement pursuant to which the Backstopper guarantees any
deficiency of restricted cash which may exist as of September 30, 2024, and agrees to advance funds as needed to remedy any such deficiency.
The foregoing summary of the Backstop Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the text of the Backstop Agreement, a copy of which is
attached as Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 1, 2023 and incorporated by reference herein. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been
established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations or operating lease obligations. 

The underwriters were paid
a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit on the offering, or 1,545,537 in the aggregate at the closing of the IPO and the over-allotment
option. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commissions of 0.35 per unit, or 2,704,690 from the closing
of the IPO. 

The Company issued a first
promissory note in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor. The First Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable upon
the earlier to occur of (i) upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to the Company s or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Company s
business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. 

The Company issued a second
promissory note in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor. The Second Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable
upon the earlier to occur of (i) upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust
Account released to the Company s or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of
the Company s business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. 

The Company issued six promissory
notes in the principal amount of 125,000 to the Sponsor. The Promissory Notes bear no interest and shall be payable upon the earlier
to occur of (i) upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released
to the Company s or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Company s
business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. 

30 

On July 30, 2023, the Company
issued Working Capital Note 1 in the principal amount of 84,000 to the Sponsor in exchange for cash. The Company drawn an additional
 100 from this promissory note which resulted in a total outstanding amount of 84,100. 

On August 30, 2023, the Company
issued Working Capital Note 2 in the principal amount of 378,000 to the Sponsor in exchange for cash. 

On September 28, 2023, the
Company issued Working Capital Note 3 in the principal amount of 22,000 to the Sponsor in exchange for cash. 

On November 10, 2023, the
Company issued Working Capital Note 4 in the principal amount of 50,000 to the Sponsor in exchange for cash. 

On December 29, 2023, the
Company issued Working Capital Note 5 in the principal amount of 15,000 to the Sponsor in exchange for cash. 

On March 20, 2024, the Company
issued a Working Capital Note 6 in the principal amount of 373,737 to the Sponsor in exchange for cash. 

On June 28, 2024, the Company
issued a Working Capital Note 7 in the principal amount of 177,773 to the Sponsor in exchange for cash. 

On September 30, 2024, the
Company issued a Working Capital Note 8 in the principal amount of 192,069 to the Sponsor in exchange for cash. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, respectively, there was an aggregate of 2,296,371 outstanding under the Convertible Promissory Notes reported
in Convertible promissory notes related party in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, respectively, there were amounts of 1,292,679 and 549,100, respectively, outstanding under the Working Capital
Notes reported in Working capital loans related party in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and
the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine and the Middle East. We cannot at
this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may
negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS
Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying
public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new
or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the
relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

31 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal control over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging
growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may
be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about the audit and the consolidated financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation
related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of executive compensation to median
employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer
an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common
stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument
and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are
either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control)
is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features
certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts
the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases
in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net (Loss) Income per Share of Common Stock 

The Company computes loss
per share in accordance with ASC 260-10-45 Earnings per Share , which requires presentation of both basic and diluted (loss)
income per share on the face of the statement of operations. The Company s public common shares have a redemption right, which differ
from the common shares that the sponsors hold. Accordingly, the Company has effectively two classes of shares, which are referred to as
public common shares and Founder Shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net (loss) income per
share is computed by dividing net (loss) income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period,
excluding shares of common stock subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor. At September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any dilutive securities
and/or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of common stock and then share in the earnings of
the Company. As a result, diluted (loss) income per share is the same as basic (loss) income per share for the period presented. 

32 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and income and
expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. As of the end of the reporting period,
we have not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2023, the FASB
issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ), which requires disclosure
of incremental income tax information within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among other disclosure
requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company s
management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09 will have a material impact on its unaudited condensed financial statements and
disclosures. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this
item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying
Officers ), we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Certifying
Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Not applicable. 

33 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to include risk factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could
have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

We
are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

We
may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed
time frame; 

Our
expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

We
may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

Our
officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have
conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

We
may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of shareholders requesting
redemption; 

We
may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market
price of our shares at that time; 

You
may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

Trust
account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

An
active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

The
availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the
business combination; 

Our
financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record
of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

There
may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with
completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination; 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

We
may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial
public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent
in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will
be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them
to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including,
for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

34 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

Since
our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with
respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors
may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment,
a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business
combination; 

Changes
 in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure
 to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our
 ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

If
 the funds held outside of our trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until
 at least September 30, 2024 (or such date as extended by our charter), our ability to fund
 our search for a target business or businesses or complete an initial business combination
 may be adversely affected; 

Our
 independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph
 that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, since
 we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating if we are unable to complete
 an initial business combination by September 30, 2024 (or such date as extended by our charter); 

The
 value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely
 to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price
 of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share; 

Resources
 could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially
 adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
 If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period,
 our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such
 amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights will
 expire worthless; and 

Our
 ability to identify a target and to consummate an initial business combination may be adversely
 affected by economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, including as a
 result of the military conflict in Ukraine. 

For the complete list of
risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A,
filed with the SEC on December 15, 2021. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results
of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also
impair our business or results of operations. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time
to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 

There are no transactions
that have not been previously included in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 

. 

35 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS, CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

The following documents are
filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Furnished
herewith. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WELSBACH
 TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date:
 November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Daniel Mamadou 

Name: 
 Daniel
 Mamadou 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 John Stanfield 

Name: 
 John
 Stanfield 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting
 and Financial Officer) 

37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022160601ex31-1_welsbach.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED 

I, Daniel Mamadou, Chief Executive Officer of
Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp., certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel Mamadou 

Name: 
 Daniel Mamadou 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022160601ex31-2_welsbach.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED 

I, John Stanfield, Chief Financial Officer of
Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp., certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ John Stanfield 

Name: 
 John Stanfield 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022160601ex32-1_welsbach.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Daniel Mamadou, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Daniel Mamadou 

Name: 
 Daniel Mamadou 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report to which
it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing
of Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such
filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022160601ex32-2_welsbach.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, John Stanfield, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ John Stanfield 

Name: 
 John Stanfield 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report to which
it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing
of Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such
filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wtma-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wtma-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wtma-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wtma-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wtma-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

