<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_99780_0000099780-24-000146.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12038411</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134394</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2470200</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4170145</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2664908</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2372928</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000099780-24-000146.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031123544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000099780-24-000146
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRINITY INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000099780
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROAD EQUIPMENT [3743]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				750225040
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06903
		FILM NUMBER:		241414067

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14221 N DALLAS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-631-4420

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14221 N DALLAS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRINITY STEEL CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720407

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000099780-24-000146.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 trn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

trn-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ . 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 At October 24, 2024, the number of shares of common stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding was . 

TRINITY INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Caption Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 55 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 55 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 55 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 55 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 57 
 SIGNATURES 
 58 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions, except per share amounts) Revenues: 
 Manufacturing Leasing Services Operating costs: 
 Cost of revenues: 
 Manufacturing Leasing Services Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses: 
 Manufacturing Leasing Services Corporate other Gains on dispositions of property: 
 Lease portfolio sales Other Restructuring activities, net ) Total operating profit Other (income) expense: 
 Interest expense, net Other, net ) ) ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes Provision (benefit) for income taxes: 
 Current Deferred ) ) ) ) Income from continuing operations Loss from discontinued operations, net of benefit for income taxes of , , , and 
 ) ) ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. Basic earnings per common share: Income from continuing operations Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Basic net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. Diluted earnings per common share: Income from continuing operations Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Diluted net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. Weighted average number of shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Derivative financial instruments: Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period, net of tax benefit (expense) of , ), , and ) 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustments for gains included in net income, net of tax (expense) benefit of ), ), ), and 
 ) ) ) ) Defined benefit plans: 
 Amortization of net actuarial losses, net of tax benefit of , , , and 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) (in millions) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net of allowance Income tax receivable Inventories: 
 Raw materials and supplies Work in process Finished goods Restricted cash, including partially-owned subsidiaries of and 
 Property, plant, and equipment, at cost, including partially-owned subsidiaries of and 
 Less accumulated depreciation, including partially-owned subsidiaries of and 
 ) ) Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Debt: 
 Recourse Non-recourse: Wholly-owned subsidiaries Partially-owned subsidiaries Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 Preferred stock shares authorized and unissued 
 Common stock shares authorized 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Treasury stock ) ) Trinity stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Operating activities: Net income Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities continuing operations: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes ) ) Net gains on lease portfolio sales ) ) Gains on dispositions of property and other assets ) ) Gains on insurance recoveries from property damage ) Non-cash impact of restructuring activities ) Non-cash interest expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in receivables ) ) (Increase) decrease in inventories ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable ) Increase (decrease) in accrued liabilities Increase (decrease) in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities continuing operations Net cash used in operating activities discontinued operations ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Proceeds from dispositions of property and other assets Proceeds from lease portfolio sales Capital expenditures lease fleet ) ) Capital expenditures operating and administrative ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from insurance recoveries Equity investments ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Payments to retire debt ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Payments to settle contingent consideration liability ) Shares repurchased ) Dividends paid to common shareholders ) ) Purchase of shares to satisfy employee tax on vested stock ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (unaudited) 
 Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Trinity Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Shares Par Value 
 Shares Amount (in millions, except par value and per common share amounts) Balances at 
 December 31, 2023 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared on common stock (1) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Settlement of share-based awards, net ) ) ) Balances at 
 March 31, 2024 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock (1) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Settlement of share-based awards, net ) ) ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Retirement of treasury stock 
 ) ) Balances at 
 June 30, 2024 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock (1) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Settlement of share-based awards, net ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Balances at 
 September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) per common share for all periods presented in 2024. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Trinity Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Shares Par Value 
 Shares Amount (in millions, except par value and per common share amounts) Balances at 
 December 31, 2022 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock (1) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Settlement of share-based awards, net ) ) ) Balances at 
 March 31, 2023 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared on common stock (1) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Settlement of share-based awards, net ) ) ) ) Retirement of treasury stock 
 ) ) Balances at 
 June 30, 2023 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared on common stock (1) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Settlement of share-based awards, net ) ) ) Balances at 
 September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 (1) per common share for for all periods presented in 2023 . 
 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to unbilled revenues recognized on repair and maintenance activities that have been performed, but for which the entire project has not yet been completed, and the railcar has not yet been shipped to the customer. These contract assets are included within the Receivables, net of allowance line in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In connection with an acquisition that occurred during the first quarter of 2023, we evaluated whether we are acting as a principal or an agent for certain logistics services provided to a small number of customers. During the fourth quarter of 2023, we concluded that we act as an agent in these transactions as we do not control the services before they are provided to the customer, and as a result, revenues that were previously recognized on a gross basis should be recognized on a net basis. We elected to effect this accounting change on a prospective basis as it was not quantitatively or qualitatively material to our consolidated financial statements, and beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, revenues associated with these services are now recognized on a net basis. The accounting change had no effect on the Company's previously reported operating profit, net income, earnings per share, Consolidated Balance Sheets, or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Rail Products Group 
 Our railcar manufacturing business recognizes revenue related to new railcars when the customer has submitted its certificate of acceptance and legal title of the railcar has passed to the customer. Certain contracts for the sales of railcars include price adjustments based on changes to input costs; this amount represents variable consideration for which we are generally unable to estimate the final consideration until the railcar is delivered. 
 Revenue is recognized over time as sustainable railcar conversions are completed, using an input approach based on the costs incurred relative to the total estimated costs of performing the project. We recorded contract assets of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which primarily relate to unbilled revenues recognized on sustainable railcar conversions that have been performed, but for which the entire project has not yet been completed, and the railcar has not yet been shipped to the customer. These contract assets are included within the Receivables, net of allowance line in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 We account for shipping and handling costs as activities to fulfill the promise to transfer the good; as such, these fees are recorded in revenue. The fees and costs of shipping and handling activities are accrued when the related performance obligation has been satisfied. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Leasing Group 
 Sustainable railcar conversions Railcar Leasing and Services Group: 
 Leasing and management Maintenance services 
 The remainder of the unsatisfied performance obligations for the Rail Products Group is expected to be delivered through 2028. The orders in the Rail Products Group's backlog from the Leasing Group are fully supported by lease commitments with external customers. The final amount of backlog attributable to the Leasing Group may vary by the time of delivery as customers may elect to change their procurement decision. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Lease Accounting 
 to , some of which include options to extend for up to , and some of which include options to terminate within . As of September 30, 2024, we had material finance leases in which we were the lessee. Certain of our operating leases include lease incentives, which reduce the right-of-use asset and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Cash flows from operating activities Right-of-use assets recognized in exchange for new lease liabilities September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Consolidated Balance Sheets Right-of-use assets (1) 
 Lease liabilities (2) 
 Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate (3) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Less: Present value adjustment ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 and . The majority of our fleet operates on leases that earn fixed monthly lease payments. Generally, lease payments are due at the beginning of the applicable month. A portion of our fleet operates on per diem leases that earn usage-based variable lease payments. Some of our leases include options to extend the leases for up to , and a small percentage of our leases include early termination options with certain notice requirements and early termination penalties. As of September 30, 2024, non-lease fleet operating leases in which we are the lessor were not significant, and we had direct finance leases. 
 We manage risks associated with residual values of leased railcars by investing across a diverse portfolio of railcar types, staggering lease maturities within any given railcar type, avoiding concentration of railcar type and industry, and actively participating in secondary markets. Additionally, our lease agreements contain normal wear and tear return condition provisions and high mileage thresholds designed to protect the value of our residual assets. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. 
 Variable operating lease revenues Interest income on sales-type lease receivables 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 (1) 
 Future contractual minimum lease receivables for sales-type leases will mature as follows (in millions): 
 Remaining three months of 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: Unearned interest income ) Net investment in sales-type leases (1) 
 
 (1) . 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million of credit loss expense and wrote off million related to our trade receivables that are in the scope of ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, bringing the allowance for credit losses balance from million at December 31, 2023 to million at September 30, 2024. This balance excludes the general reserve for operating lease receivables that is permitted under ASC 450, Contingencies 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in accounts payable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Payments made under the SCF program are reflected in net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Rail Products Group 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 to depending on the product. The warranty costs are estimated using a two-step approach. First, an engineering estimate is made for the cost of all claims that have been asserted by customers. Second, based on historical claims experience, a cost is accrued for all products still within a warranty period for which no claims have been filed. We provide for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized related to products covered by warranties and assess the adequacy of the resulting reserves on a quarterly basis. 
 Warranty costs incurred ) ) ) Warranty originations and revisions Warranty expirations ) ) ) Ending balance 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Note 2. Acquisitions and Discontinued Operations 
 million, which is payable in installments of million per year in each of 2024 and 2025. The purchase agreement also contained a provision whereby additional consideration could become payable based on the achievement of certain revenue targets, up to a maximum payout of million. 
 The total additional consideration, which is included in other liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, had an estimated fair value of million as of December 31, 2023 and is remeasured at each reporting period using Level 3 inputs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the first installment of the additional consideration, totaling million, was paid. This payment is reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, of which million related to the initial estimated fair value is included in financing activities, and million related to the remeasurement of the initial estimated fair value is included in operating activities. As of September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of the remaining additional consideration was million. 
 Acquisition of RSI Logistics 
 In March 2023, we acquired RSI Logistics, a data-centric provider of proprietary software and logistics and terminal management solutions to the North American rail industry. This transaction was recorded as a business combination within the Leasing Group, based on valuations of the acquired assets and liabilities at their acquisition date fair value using Level 3 inputs. Based on our purchase price allocation, we recorded identifiable intangible assets of million, goodwill of million, and certain other immaterial assets and liabilities. The identifiable intangible assets, with the exception of the trade name, which is considered an indefinite-lived intangible asset, are being amortized over their estimated useful lives, ranging from 5 years to 15 years. 
 million million, net of income taxes) and million million, net of income taxes), respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded expenses related to these obligations of million million, net of income taxes) and million million, net of income taxes), respectively. These expenses are included in loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 14 for further information regarding obligations retained in connection with the THP sale. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3. Derivative Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 
 Tribute Rail secured railcar equipment notes 2017 promissory notes interest rate cap ) Open hedges: 2017 promissory notes interest rate swap ) TRL-2023 term loan ) TILC (2) 
 ) 
 (1) . 
 
 TRIP Holdings warehouse loan 0.1 Tribute Rail secured railcar equipment notes 0.2 0.2 0.5 0.6 2017 promissory notes interest rate cap (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) ) Open hedges (1) : 
 2017 promissory notes interest rate swap (3.0) (3.1) (9.1) (8.5) ) TRL-2023 term loan (1.0) (1.0) (3.1) (1.2) 
 (1) 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 ) (1.2) (2.2) (5.8) (6.1) Options (2) 
 0.2 
 (1) Based on the fair value of open hedges as of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) . 
 13.0 9.3 TILC interest rate cap (2) 
 ) (13.0) (6.2) Interest rate derivatives expired (3) : 
 TILC warehouse facility interest rate cap (0.3) 1.9 (5.5) TILC interest rate cap 0.3 (1.9) 5.5 
 (1) 
 (2) million related to the execution of back-to-back interest rate caps associated with the new TILC warehouse loan facility. See Note 8 for further information. 
 (3) 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Restricted cash Total assets 
 Level 2 This level is defined as observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Interest rate swaps and interest rate caps are valued at exit prices obtained from each counterparty. Foreign currency hedges are valued at exit prices obtained from each counterparty, which are based on currency spot and forward rates and forward points. 
 Foreign currency hedges Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate derivatives Total assets Liabilities (2) : 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate hedges Foreign currency hedges Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate derivatives Total liabilities 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 Level 3 This level is defined as unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we have assets or liabilities measured on a recurring basis as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, except as described in Note 2. 
 See Note 2 for more information regarding fair value measurements involving Level 3 inputs resulting from acquisition activity. See Note 8 for the estimated fair values of our debt instruments. The fair values of all other financial instruments are estimated to approximate carrying value. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4. 
 reportable segments: (1) the Railcar Leasing and Services Group, which owns and operates a fleet of railcars and provides third-party fleet leasing, management, and administrative services; railcar maintenance and modification services; and other railcar logistics products and services; and (2) the Rail Products Group, which manufactures and sells railcars and related parts and components. 
 Effective January 1, 2024, the Company modified its organizational structure to better leverage our maintenance services capabilities to support lease fleet optimization and to grow our services and parts businesses. The new structure resulted in a change to our reportable segments beginning in 2024. In connection with this organizational update, we aligned the maintenance services business, which was previously reported in the Rail Products Group, to now be presented within our leasing business. This change aligns with the way in which our CODM assesses performance and allocates resources. Consequently, beginning January 1, 2024, we report our operating results in two reportable segments: (1) the Railcar Leasing and Services Group, formerly the Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, and (2) the Rail Products Group. These changes had no impact to our previously reported consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. All prior period segment results set forth herein have been recast to reflect these changes and present results on a comparable basis. 
 Gains and losses from the sale of property, plant, and equipment are included in the operating profit of each respective segment. Our CODM regularly reviews the operating results of our reportable segments in order to assess performance and allocate resources. Our CODM does not consider restructuring activities when evaluating segment operating results; therefore, restructuring activities are not allocated to segment profit or loss. 
 Sales and related net profits ("deferred profit") from the Rail Products Group to the Leasing Group are recorded in the Rail Products Group and eliminated in consolidation. Sales between these groups are recorded at prices comparable to those charged to external customers, taking into consideration quantity, features, and production demand. Amortization of deferred profit on railcars sold to the Leasing Group is included in the operating profit of the Leasing Group, resulting in the recognition of depreciation expense based on our original manufacturing cost of the railcars. Lease portfolio sales are included in the Leasing Group, with related gains and losses computed based on the net book value of the original manufacturing cost of the railcars. 
 Intersegment revenue ) Total revenues ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Railcar Leasing and Services Group Rail Products Group Eliminations Consolidated Total External revenue Intersegment revenue ) Total revenues ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Railcar Leasing and Services Group Rail Products Group Eliminations Consolidated Total External revenue Intersegment revenue ) Total revenues ) 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Intersegment revenue ) Total revenues ) 
 Rail Products Group Segment Totals Corporate and other ) ) ) ) Restructuring activities, net Eliminations ) ) ) Consolidated operating profit Other (income) expense Provision (benefit) for income taxes Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) ) ) ) Net income 
 
 Note 5. 
 subsidiaries, TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013, for the purpose of providing railcar leasing services in North America for institutional investors. Each of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 are direct, partially-owned subsidiaries of TILC in which we have a controlling interest. Each is governed by a -member board of representatives, of whom are designated by TILC. TILC is the agent of each of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 and, as such, has been delegated the authority, power, and discretion to take certain actions on behalf of the respective companies. 
 At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of our investments in TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 totaled million. Our ownership interests in TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 are and , respectively, with the remaining interests owned by third-party, investor-owned funds. These investments in our partially-owned leasing subsidiaries are eliminated in consolidation. 
 Each of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 has wholly-owned subsidiaries that are the owners of railcars acquired from our Rail Products and Leasing Groups. TRIP Holdings has wholly-owned subsidiaries known as Triumph Rail LLC ("Triumph Rail") and Tribute Rail LLC ("Tribute Rail"). RIV 2013 has a wholly-owned subsidiary known as TRP 2021 LLC ("TRP-2021"). TILC is the contractual servicer for Triumph Rail, Tribute Rail, and TRP-2021, with the authority to manage and service each entity's owned railcars. Our controlling interest in each of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 results from our combined role as both equity member and agent/servicer. The noncontrolling interest included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets primarily represents the non-Trinity equity interest in these partially-owned subsidiaries. 
 Trinity has obligation to guarantee performance under any of our partially-owned subsidiaries' (or their respective subsidiaries') debt agreements, guarantee any railcar residual values, shield any parties from losses or guarantee minimum yields. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 remaining equity commitments with respect to TRIP Holdings or RIV 2013. 
 See Note 8 for additional information regarding the debt of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 and their respective subsidiaries. 
 Other Investment in Consolidated Affiliate 
 In 2023, the Company and a third party formed Trinity Global Ventures to deliver railcars and provide warranty support services in Saudi Arabia. Trinity Global Ventures is owned by Trinity Rail Group, LLC ("Trinity Rail Group"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and by the third party. Upon consideration under the variable interest entity VIE model of ASC 810, Consolidation , Trinity has concluded that Trinity Global Ventures meets the definition of a VIE. Trinity Rail Group has a variable interest in Trinity Global Ventures arising from its equity ownership position. We determined that Trinity is the primary beneficiary and therefore consolidates this entity as we have the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact its economic performance. At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of our investment in Trinity Global Ventures totaled million, which is eliminated in consolidation. 
 Investment in Unconsolidated Affiliate 
 In 2021, the Company and Wafra, Inc. Wafra ), a global alternative investment manager, entered into a railcar investment vehicle program between Trinity and certain funds managed by Wafra Wafra Funds ). As part of this program, a joint venture was formed, Signal Rail Holdings LLC Signal Rail ), which is currently owned by Wafra Funds and by TILC. TILC services all railcars owned by Signal Rail. 
 In May 2024, TILC and certain of its subsidiaries sold a portfolio comprised of 1,315 railcars and related leases to Signal Rail for an aggregate sales price of approximately million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, TILC recognized a gain of approximately million on the sale and approximately million was recognized as revenue for services performed associated with the delivery of railcars with attached leases. In connection with the sale, TILC contributed million of cash to Signal Rail. Signal Rail financed the May 2024 purchase primarily through an asset-backed securitization. To date, TILC has sold 7,775 railcars and related leases to Signal Rail for an aggregate sales price of million. 
 Upon consideration under the VIE model of ASC 810, Consolidation , Trinity has concluded that Signal Rail meets the definition of a VIE. TILC has variable interests in Signal Rail arising from its equity ownership position and its role as a service provider. We determined that Trinity is not the primary beneficiary and therefore does not consolidate this entity as we do not have the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact its economic performance. We will absorb portions of Signal Rail s expected losses and/or receive portions of expected residual returns commensurate with our equity interest in Signal Rail. 
 Our investment in Signal Rail is being accounted for under the equity method of accounting. At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of TILC s equity investment in Signal Rail was million, which is included in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The carrying value of this investment represents our maximum exposure in Signal Rail. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6. 
 
 Maintenance services (1) 
 Digital and logistics services ) ) Total revenues Cost of revenues (2) 
 Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses Gains on dispositions of property: Lease portfolio sales Other Total operating profit Total operating profit margin Total operating profit margin, excluding lease portfolio sales Selected expense information for Company-owned railcars (3) : 
 Depreciation and amortization expense (4) 
 Maintenance and compliance expense (5) 
 ) ) Other fleet operating costs (6) 
 ) Interest expense (7) 
 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the disposal of certain railcar components associated with our sustainable railcar conversion program. Additionally, amortization of deferred profit on railcars sold from the Rail Products Group to the Leasing Group is included in depreciation and amortization expense, resulting in the recognition of depreciation expense based on our original manufacturing cost of the railcars. 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Operating profit on lease portfolio sales Operating profit margin on lease portfolio sales 
 Railcar Leasing Equipment Portfolio. The Leasing Group's equipment consists primarily of railcars leased by third parties. The Leasing Group purchases equipment manufactured predominantly by the Rail Products Group and enters into lease contracts with third parties with terms generally ranging between and . The Leasing Group primarily enters into operating leases. 
 
 Debt. Wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Leasing Group s debt at September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of non-recourse debt. As of September 30, 2024, Trinity s wholly-owned subsidiaries included in the Leasing Group held equipment with a net book value of million, which is pledged solely as collateral for Leasing Group debt held by those subsidiaries. The net book value of unpledged equipment at September 30, 2024 was million. See Note 8 for more information regarding the Leasing Group s debt. 
 Partially-owned subsidiaries. Debt owed by TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 and their respective subsidiaries is non-recourse to Trinity and TILC. Creditors of each of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 and their respective subsidiaries have recourse only to the particular subsidiary's assets. As of September 30, 2024, TRIP Holdings held equipment with a net book value of million, which is pledged solely as collateral for the TRIP Holdings' debt held by its subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2024, TRP-2021 equipment with a net book value of million is pledged solely as collateral for the TRP-2021 debt. See Note 5 for a description of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 and their respective subsidiaries. 
 Operating Lease Obligations. 
 Future contractual minimum rental revenues 
 Operating lease obligations totaling million are guaranteed by Trinity Industries, Inc. and certain subsidiaries. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7. 
 Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Partially-owned subsidiaries: Equipment on lease Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Deferred profit on railcar products sold (1) 
 ) ) Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Total railcars in our lease fleet Operating and administrative assets: Land Buildings and improvements Machinery and other Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total operating and administrative assets Total property, plant, and equipment, net 
 (1) 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8. 
 Senior notes due 2024, net of unamortized discount of and 
 Senior notes due 2028, inclusive of unamortized premium of and 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total recourse debt Lease fleet Non-recourse: Wholly-owned subsidiaries: Secured railcar equipment notes, net of unamortized discount of and 
 2017 promissory notes, net of unamortized discount of and 
 TRL-2023 term loan TILC warehouse facility Other equipment financing Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Partially-owned subsidiaries: Secured railcar equipment notes, net of unamortized discount of and 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total non-recourse debt Total debt 
 Estimated Fair Value of Debt The estimated fair values of our senior notes due 2028 ("Senior Notes due 2028") and our senior notes due 2024 ("Senior Notes due 2024") are based on a quoted market price in a market with little activity (Level 2 input). The estimated fair values of our secured railcar equipment notes are based on our estimate of their fair value using unobservable input values provided by a third party (Level 3 inputs). The respective carrying values of our revolving credit facility, 2017 promissory notes, TRL-2023 term loan, and TILC warehouse facility approximate fair value because the interest rate adjusts to the market interest rate. As of September 30, 2024, we evaluated the fair value of the other equipment financing liability using Level 3 inputs and determined that the carrying value approximates fair value. 
 Level 3 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 million unsecured corporate revolving credit facility. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had total borrowings of million and total repayments of million under the revolving credit facility. Additionally, we had outstanding letters of credit issued in an aggregate amount of million, leaving million available for borrowing as of September 30, 2024. Our outstanding letters of credit as of September 30, 2024 support performance bonds related to certain railcar orders. The revolving credit facility bears interest at a variable rate of SOFR plus (1) a benchmark adjustment of 10 basis points and (2) a facility margin of , for an all-in interest rate of as of September 30, 2024. A commitment fee accrues on the average daily unused portion of the revolving credit facility at the rate of to as of September 30, 2024). 
 The revolving credit facility requires the maintenance of ratios related to minimum interest coverage for the leasing and manufacturing operations and maximum leverage. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all such financial covenants. 
 Senior Notes due 2028 In June 2023, we issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due July 2028. In June 2024, we issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due July 2028 (the "Additional Senior Notes"), which increased the aggregate principal amount from million to million. The Additional Senior Notes were issued at a price of 102.5 of the principal amount. Proceeds received from the issuance totaled approximately million and included the premium described above and interest deemed to have accrued from January 15, 2024 through June 4, 2024. The Additional Senior Notes have identical terms and conditions (other than the original issue date, issue price, the first interest payment date and the first date from which interest will accrue) as the original issuance. Interest on the Additional Senior Notes is payable semiannually commencing July 15, 2024. We incurred million in debt issuance costs from the issuance of the Additional Senior Notes, which will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the Senior Notes due 2028. Net proceeds received from the issuance, together with cash on hand, were used to repay million of our Senior Notes due 2024, as described below, and to pay related fees, costs, premiums, and expenses in connection with the issuance. 
 Redemption of Senior Notes due 2024 In June 2024, we redeemed in full million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes due 2024. Additionally, in connection with the redemption of the Senior Notes due 2024, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of million, which related to the write-off of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs. These charges are reflected in the interest expense, net line of our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As a result of the redemption of the Senior Notes due 2024, we are no longer required to report supplemental guarantor financial information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 TILC Warehouse Loan Facility TILC has historically maintained a warehouse loan facility to finance railcars owned by TILC. In March 2024, we entered into a new warehouse loan facility with a total commitment amount of million, a revolving termination date of March 15, 2027, and a maturity date of March 15, 2028. This warehouse loan facility replaced the prior billion warehouse loan facility. We incurred million in debt issuance costs, which are recorded in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024, and are being amortized to interest expense over the facility term. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had total borrowings of million and total repayments of million under the current and prior TILC warehouse loan facilities. Of the remaining unused facility amount of million, million was available as of September 30, 2024 based on the amount of warehouse-eligible, unpledged equipment. Advances under the facility bear interest at one-month term SOFR plus a facility margin of , for an all-in interest rate of at September 30, 2024. 
 TRL-2024 Secured Railcar Equipment Notes In May 2024, Trinity Rail Leasing 2021 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("TRL-2021") and a limited purpose, indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company owned through TILC, issued an aggregate principal amount of million of its Series 2024-1 Class A Green Secured Railcar Equipment Notes (the "TRL-2024 Notes"). The TRL-2024 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of , are payable monthly, and have a stated final maturity date of May 19, 2054. We incurred million in debt issuance costs, which will be amortized to interest expense through the anticipated repayment date of the TRL-2024 Notes. The TRL-2024 Notes are obligations of TRL-2021 and are non-recourse to Trinity. The obligations are secured by a portfolio of railcars and operating leases thereon, certain cash reserves, and other assets acquired and owned by TRL-2021. Net proceeds received from the railcars acquired in connection with the issuance of the TRL-2024 Notes were used to repay approximately million of borrowings under TILC's warehouse loan facility; to redeem the outstanding debt of Trinity Rail Leasing VII LLC, as described below; and for general corporate purposes. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million was outstanding at the redemption date. The all-in interest rate for the TRL VII Notes was per annum. In connection with the redemption of the TRL VII Notes, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of million, which included a million early redemption premium and a write-off of million in unamortized debt issuance costs. These charges are reflected in the interest expense, net line of our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Each of our secured railcar equipment notes, including the TRL-2024 Notes, generally has an anticipated repayment date and a stated final maturity date. While the stated final maturity date of these notes is in 2054, the cash flows from the encumbered assets of TRL-2021 will be applied, pursuant to the payment priorities of their respective indentures, so as to amortize their respective notes to achieve monthly targeted principal balances. If the cash flow assumptions used in determining the targeted balances are met, it is anticipated that the notes will be repaid well in advance of their stated final maturity date. There can be no assurance, however, that such cash flow assumptions will be realized. If these notes are not repaid by the anticipated repayment date, the respective interest rate on these notes would increase from the fixed rate stated above. 

Note 9. 
 and , respectively, which differ from the U.S. statutory rate of primarily due to state income taxes, foreign income taxes, non-deductible executive compensation, and return to provision adjustments, partially offset by the benefit of noncontrolling interest for which we do not provide income taxes, excess tax benefits associated with equity-based compensation, and changes in state tax laws. 
 The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was an expense of , which differs from the U.S. statutory rate of primarily due to state income taxes, foreign income taxes, non-deductible executive compensation, excess tax benefits associated with equity-based compensation, taxes not recorded on our non-controlling interests in partially-owned subsidiaries, and the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities due to state tax law changes and rate reductions enacted during the third quarter of 2023. 
 The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was an expense of , which differs from the U.S. statutory rate of primarily due to the release of residual taxes out of AOCI; the re-measurement of our net deferred tax liabilities due to the acquisition of a subsidiary and state tax law changes and rate reductions during the year; changes in our valuation allowances; state income taxes; and foreign income taxes. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, one of our partially-owned subsidiaries released residual tax effects that had previously been recorded in AOCI. This deferred tax benefit was originally recorded before the partially-owned subsidiary was treated as a flow-through entity, remaining in AOCI until the underlying book-to-tax difference no longer existed, which occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As a result, we recorded an million income tax benefit in our Consolidated Statements of Operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Pursuant to the acquisition of a subsidiary during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we re-measured our existing deferred tax assets and liabilities, taking into account the expected change to state tax apportionment. This resulted in an increase to our net deferred tax liability of million in the period, which was recorded through deferred income tax expense. 
 The tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 also reflects a million tax benefit related to the net impact of an adjustment to valuation allowances, primarily for deferred tax assets in Mexico, state tax loss carryforwards, and federal tax credits. 
 The total income tax receivable position as of September 30, 2024 was million primarily for state tax overpayments. As of September 30, 2024, our income tax payable for federal, state, and foreign income taxes is million, which is included in accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Deferred income taxes related to railcars in our lease fleet were billion as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Note 10. 

Note 11. 
 ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax, before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of tax expense of , , and 
 ) ) Less: noncontrolling interest ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12. 
 million of its common stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, share repurchases totaled shares and shares, respectively, at a cost of approximately million and million, respectively, resulting in a remaining authorization to repurchase up to million of our common stock under the share repurchase program as of September 30, 2024. Certain shares of stock repurchased during September 2024, totaling million, were cash settled in October 2024 in accordance with normal settlement practices. There were shares repurchased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense totaled approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company's annual grants of share-based awards generally occur in the first and second quarters under our Fifth Amended and Restated Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "Plan ). Expense related to restricted stock units ("RSUs") issued to eligible employees under the Plan is recognized over the vesting period, generally between and . Beginning in 2020, certain RSU grants provide for full vesting when the award recipients retire having reached 60 years of age and having provided at least ten years of service to the Company, provided that the awards remain outstanding for a period of six months from the date of grant. The expense for these awards is recognized over the applicable service period for each of the eligible award recipients. Expense related to RSUs and restricted stock awards ("RSAs") granted to non-employee directors under the Plan is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, generally . Expense related to performance units is recognized on a straight-line basis from their award date to the end of the performance period, generally . Our stock options have contractual terms of and become exercisable over a three-year period. Expense related to stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 Restricted stock awards Performance units 
 The fair value of RSUs and RSAs granted is based on the Company's closing stock price on the date of grant. For the performance units granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for which the payout is based on relative total shareholder return, the fair value was estimated at the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation with assumptions that reflect market conditions at the date of grant, including stock price, risk-free interest rate, expected term, expected volatility, and dividend yield. For the performance units granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for which the payout is based on return on equity, the fair value is based on the Company's closing stock price on the date of grant, adjusted to exclude the cumulative value of dividends over the three-year vesting period as these units do not earn dividend equivalents. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13. 
 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net income from continuing operations attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. Basic weighted average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 Basic earnings per common share: 
 Income from continuing operations Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Basic net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. Diluted earnings per common share: Income from continuing operations Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Diluted net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. Potentially dilutive securities excluded from EPS calculation: Antidilutive restricted shares Antidilutive stock options 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Note 14. 
 million. On September 29, 2017, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ("Fifth Circuit") reversed the District Court s million judgment and rendered judgment as a matter of law in favor of the Company and THP. On January 7, 2019, the United States Supreme Court denied Mr. Harman's petition for certiorari seeking review of the Fifth Circuit's decision. The denial of Mr. Harman's petition ended this action. 
 Pursuant to the purchase and sale agreement related to the sale of THP, the Company agreed to indemnify Rush Hour for certain liabilities related to the highway products business, including those liabilities resulting from or arising out of (a) the proceedings set forth under State actions below and (b) any other proceedings to the extent resulting from or arising out of ET Plus systems or specified ET Plus component parts that were both (i) manufactured prior to December 31, 2021, and (ii) sold in the United States on or prior to April 30, 2022, or related warranty obligations with respect thereto. 
 State actions 
 Mr. Harman has a separate state qui tam action currently pending pursuant to the Virginia Fraud Against Taxpayers Act ("VFATA") Commonwealth of Virginia ex rel. Joshua M. Harman v. Trinity Industries, Inc. and Trinity Highway Products, LLC , Case No. CL13-698, in the Circuit Court, Richmond, Virginia). In this matter, Mr. Harman alleged the Company violated the VFATA pertaining to sales of the ET Plus, and he is seeking damages, civil penalties, attorneys fees, costs, and interest. The Commonwealth of Virginia Attorney General has intervened in the Virginia matter. On February 7, 2024, the trial court granted the Company's motion for summary judgment. On July 11, 2024, the trial court denied Mr. Harman's and the Commonwealth of Virginia s motion for reconsideration of the order granting the Company s motion for summary judgment. On July 26, 2024, Mr. Harman filed a Notice of Appeal of the trial court s final judgment and all adverse rulings, including the denial of Mr. Harman s and the Commonwealth of Virginia s motion for reconsideration. Mr. Harman s appeal remains pending. 
 In a similar New Jersey state qui tam action State of New Jersey ex rel. Joshua M. Harman v. Trinity Industries, Inc. and Trinity Highway Products, LLC , Case No.L-1344-14, in the Superior Court of New Jersey Law Division: Mercer County) that was previously dismissed by the trial court, Mr. Harman sought leave to file an amended complaint pursuant to the New Jersey False Claims Act. On February 16, 2022, the trial court denied Mr. Harman s motion. On March 9, 2022, Mr. Harman filed a motion for reconsideration of the trial court s order denying leave to file an amended complaint. On June 27, 2022, the trial court denied Mr. Harman s motion for reconsideration seeking leave to file an amended complaint with prejudice. On August 9, 2022, Mr. Harman filed a Notice of Appeal of the trial court's order denying Mr. Harman's motion for reconsideration. Mr. Harman's appeal remains pending. 
 The Company believes that it has substantial defenses in these matters and intends to vigorously defend against all allegations. Based on information currently available to the Company and previously disclosed, we currently do not believe that a loss is probable in the state qui tam actions described under "State actions," therefore accrual has been included in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. Because of the complexity of these actions, as well as the current status of certain of these actions, we are not able to estimate a range of possible losses with respect to any one or more of these actions. While the financial impacts of these state actions are currently unknown, they could be material. 
 Product liability cases 
 The Company is currently defending product liability lawsuits that are alleged to involve the ET Plus as well as other products manufactured by THP. These cases are diverse in light of the randomness of collisions in general and the fact that each accident involving a roadside device, such as an end terminal, or any other fixed object along the highway, has its own unique facts and circumstances. The Company carries general liability insurance to mitigate the impact of adverse judgment exposures in these product liability cases. To the extent that the Company believes that a loss is probable with respect to these product liability cases, the accrual for such losses is included in the amounts described below under "Other matters". 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 33 

Table of Contents 

 accrual or range of loss has been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company maintains liability insurance coverage and commercial contractual indemnity rights to protect the Company s assets from losses arising from these types of litigation claims. 
 Other matters 
 The Company is involved in claims and lawsuits incidental to our business arising from various matters, including product warranty, personal injury, environmental issues, workplace laws, and various governmental regulations. The Company evaluates its exposure to such claims and suits periodically and establishes accruals for these contingencies when a range of loss can be reasonably estimated. The range of reasonably possible losses for such matters is million to million. This range includes any amounts related to the matters described above in the section titled Highway products litigation." At September 30, 2024, total accruals of million, including environmental and workplace matters described below, are included in accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company believes any additional liability would not be material to its financial position or results of operations. 
 Trinity is subject to remedial orders and federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to the environment and the workplace. The Company has reserved million to cover our probable and estimable liabilities with respect to the investigations, assessments, and remedial responses to such matters, taking into account currently available information and our contractual rights to indemnification and recourse to third parties. However, estimates of liability arising from future proceedings, assessments, or remediation are inherently imprecise. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will not become involved in future litigation or other proceedings involving the environment and the workplace or, if we are found to be responsible or liable in any such litigation or proceeding, that such costs would not be material to the Company. We believe that we are currently in substantial compliance with environmental and workplace laws and regulations. 
 Georgia Fire 
 On January 16, 2024, a fire damaged a portion of the Company's facility in Cartersville, Georgia. We have incurred costs related to cleanup and damage remediation activities in order for the facility to resume limited operations, and we returned to normal production levels as of September 30, 2024. We believe our insurance coverage is sufficient to cover property damage costs related to the event. Accordingly, at March 31, 2024, we recorded an insurance receivable of approximately million for property damage recoveries, which was collected in the third quarter of 2024. To date, we have received total advanced payments from insurance of approximately million, which includes million for reimbursement of cleanup and damage remediation activities and the million insurance receivable described above. As of September 30, 2024, we have utilized million of the advanced payments from insurance towards new capital expenditures in support of the reconstruction efforts. 
 Any property damage insurance proceeds received in excess of the net book value of property lost and related cleanup costs will be accounted for as a gain. Additionally, the Company may be entitled to business interruption proceeds related to the event. We will not record these recoveries until settlements have been reached with the insurance company. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to provide management's perspective on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Our MD A should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This MD A includes financial measures compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and certain non-GAAP measures. Please refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section herein for information on the non-GAAP measures included in the MD A, reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, and the reasons why management believes each measure is useful to management and investors. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q (or statements otherwise made by the Company or on the Company s behalf from time to time in other reports, filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), news releases, conferences, website postings or otherwise) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements contained herein that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, future financial performances, estimates, projections, goals, and forecasts. Trinity uses the words anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, forecasts, may, will, should, and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Potential factors that could cause our actual results of operations to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, include, among others: 
 market conditions and customer demand for our business products and services; 
 the cyclical nature of the industries in which we compete; 
 variations in weather in areas where our products are manufactured, delivered, or used; 
 naturally-occurring events, pandemics, and/or disasters causing disruption to our manufacturing, product deliveries, and production capacity, thereby giving rise to an increase in expenses, loss of revenue, and property losses; 
 disruptions in the transportation network used to transport parts and components to our production facilities and to deliver products to our customers, particularly with respect to the delivery of finished railcars from Mexico to the U.S., which may impact our ability to manufacture and timely deliver railcars to our customers; 
 shortages of labor; 
 impacts from asset impairments and related charges; 
 the timing of introduction of new products; 
 the inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses; 
 the timing and delivery of customer orders, lease portfolio sales, or a breach of customer contracts; 
 the creditworthiness of customers and their access to capital; 
 product price changes; 
 changes in mix of products sold; 
 the costs incurred to align manufacturing capacity with demand and the extent of its utilization; 
 the operating leverage and efficiencies that can be achieved by our manufacturing businesses; 
 availability and costs of steel, component parts, supplies, and other raw materials; 
 competition and other competitive factors; 
 changing technologies; 
 material failure, interruption of service, compromised data security, phishing emails, or cybersecurity breaches in our information technology (or that of the third-party vendors who provide information technology or other services); 
 surcharges and other fees added to fixed pricing agreements for steel, component parts, supplies, and other raw materials; 
 inflation, interest rates, and capital costs; 
 counter-party risks for financial instruments; 
 long-term funding of our operations; 
 taxes; 
 the stability of the governments and political and business conditions in certain foreign countries, particularly Mexico; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the Mexican peso; 
 geopolitical events, including armed conflicts, and their impact on supply chains, pricing, and the global economy; 
 changes in import and export quotas and regulations; 
 business conditions in emerging economies; 
 costs and results of litigation, including trial and appellate costs; 
 changes in accounting standards or inaccurate estimates or assumptions in the application of accounting policies; 
 changes in laws and regulations that may have an adverse effect on demand for our products and services, our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows; 
 legal, regulatory, and environmental issues, including compliance of our products with mandated specifications, standards, or testing criteria and obligations to remove and replace our products following installation or to recall our products and install different products; 
 actions by U.S. and/or foreign governments (particularly Mexico and Canada) relative to federal government budgeting, taxation policies, government expenditures, borrowing/debt ceiling limits, tariffs, and trade policies; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 the use of social or digital media to disseminate false, misleading and/or unreliable or inaccurate information; and 
 the inability to sufficiently protect our intellectual property rights. 
 Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made. Except as required by federal securities laws, Trinity undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, this Form 10-Q and future Forms 10-Q and Current Reports on Forms 8-K. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Company Overview 
 Trinity Industries, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries Trinity, Company, we, our, or "us") own businesses that are leading providers of railcar products and services in North America. We market our railcar products and services under the trade name TrinityRail . The TrinityRail platform provides railcar leasing and management services; railcar manufacturing; railcar maintenance and modifications; and other railcar logistics products and services. 
 We report our operating results in two reportable segments: (1) the Railcar Leasing and Services Group (the "Leasing Group"), which owns and operates a fleet of railcars and provides third-party fleet leasing, management, and administrative services; railcar maintenance and modification services; and other railcar logistics products and services; and (2) the Rail Products Group, which manufactures and sells railcars and related parts and components. 
 Effective January 1, 2024, the Company modified its organizational structure to better leverage our maintenance services capabilities to support lease fleet optimization and to grow our services and parts businesses. The new structure resulted in a change to our reportable segments beginning in 2024. In connection with this organizational update, we aligned the maintenance services business, which was previously reported in the Rail Products Group, to now be presented within our leasing business. This change aligns with the way in which our CODM assesses performance and allocates resources. Consequently, beginning January 1, 2024, we report our operating results in two reportable segments: (1) the Railcar Leasing and Services Group, formerly the Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, and (2) the Rail Products Group. These changes had no impact to our previously reported consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. All prior period segment results set forth herein have been recast to reflect these changes and present results on a comparable basis. 
 Executive Summary 
 Cyclical, Seasonal and Other Trends Impacting Our Business 
 General/Business Trends 
 The industries in which our customers operate are cyclical in nature. Although lease rates and lease fleet utilization remain strong, weaknesses in certain sectors of the North American and global economy may make it more difficult to sell or lease certain types of railcars. Additionally, changes in certain commodity prices, or changes in demand for certain commodities, could impact customer demand for various types of railcars. Further, disruptions in the global supply chain have impacted demand for, and the costs of, certain of our products and services. 
 We continuously assess demand for our products and services and take steps to rationalize and diversify our leased railcar portfolio and align our operating capacity appropriately. We evaluate the creditworthiness of our customers and monitor performance of relevant market sectors; however, weaknesses in any of these market sectors could affect the financial viability of our customers, which could negatively impact our revenues, credit loss expense, and operating profits. We continue to believe that our rail platform is able to respond to cyclical changes in demand and perform throughout the railcar cycle. 
 Due to their transactional nature, lease portfolio sales are the primary driver of fluctuations in results in the Leasing Group. 
 U.S.-Mexico Border Disruption 
 In late 2023, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency suspended cross-border rail traffic in Eagle Pass, Texas, the primary border crossing used for railcar deliveries from our manufacturing facilities in Mexico, which negatively impacted our railcar deliveries in the second half of 2023. We have not experienced a border closure at Eagle Pass thus far in 2024, and all railcar shipments that were delayed at the end of 2023 were delivered during the first half of 2024; however, there remains a risk of instability at the border, and there can be no assurance that similar border closings or congestion will not occur in the future. We actively monitor rail and truck traffic at the U.S.-Mexico border and remain in close contact with all stakeholders, including the relevant government agencies, and continue to evaluate available alternatives for rail and truck transportation between Mexico and the United States. Any future rail and truck congestion at the border could negatively impact our deliveries and supply chain. 
 Supply Chain Disruptions 
 As a result of disruptions in the global supply chain, we have, from time to time, experienced shortages of materials used to manufacture or repair certain railcar types, as well as disruptions in the transportation network. Such challenges could negatively impact our operations or our ability to timely deliver railcars to our customers. We actively monitor our supply chain and take appropriate steps within our control to mitigate the potential impacts on our production schedules and delivery timelines. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign Currency Fluctuations 
 We are exposed to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations in our Mexico operations resulting from certain expenditures that are denominated in the Mexican peso. We maintain a hedging program and have taken other actions to mitigate the foreign currency impact of a portion of our peso-denominated expenditures. We regularly evaluate and update our strategies to mitigate the negative effects on margins and operating profits that may arise due to foreign currency fluctuations. 
 Input Costs 
 We periodically experience increases in the costs of steel, components, and certain other inputs that represent a substantial portion of our cost of revenues. We typically use contract-specific purchasing practices, existing supplier commitments, contractual price escalation provisions, and other arrangements with our customers to reduce the impact of the volatility of certain input costs on our operating profit. Further, the cost and volume of lease fleet maintenance and compliance events have increased, and we expect elevated levels of these activities to continue in the near term. We continually assess the impact of input costs on our operational efficiency, margins, and overall profitability. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Financial and Operational Highlights 
 Our revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 2,449.8 million, representing an increase of 12.1 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our operating profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 379.5 million compared to 268.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The Leasing Group's lease fleet of 109,555 company-owned railcars was 96.6 utilized as of September 30, 2024, compared to a lease fleet utilization of 98.1 on 109,055 company-owned railcars as of September 30, 2023. Our company-owned lease fleet includes wholly-owned railcars, partially-owned railcars, and railcars under leased-in arrangements. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made a net fleet investment of approximately 86.5 million, which primarily includes new railcar additions, sustainable railcar conversions, railcar modifications, and other betterments, net of deferred profit, and secondary market purchases; and is net of proceeds from lease portfolio sales. 
 The total value of the new railcar backlog at September 30, 2024 was 2.4 billion, compared to 3.6 billion at September 30, 2023. The Rail Products Group received orders for 6,185 railcars and delivered 13,810 railcars in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, in comparison to orders for 10,660 railcars and deliveries of 13,355 railcars in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 See "Consolidated Results of Operations" and "Segment Discussion" below for additional information regarding our operating results. 
 
 (1) Dividend yield is calculated as dividends declared for the four previous quarters divided by the closing stock price on the last trading day of each respective quarter. 
 (2) Non-GAAP financial measure. See the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section within this Form 10-Q for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure and why management believes this measure is useful to management and investors. Dollar amounts are presented for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Structure Updates 
 TILC Warehouse Loan Facility In March 2024, we entered into a new Trinity Industries Leasing Company ("TILC") warehouse loan facility with a total commitment amount of 800.0 million, a revolving termination date of March 15, 2027, and a maturity date of March 15, 2028. This warehouse loan facility replaced the prior 1.0 billion warehouse loan facility. 
 TRL-2024 Secured Railcar Equipment Notes In May 2024, Trinity Rail Leasing 2021 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("TRL-2021") and a limited purpose, indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company owned through TILC, issued 432.4 million of its Series 2024-1 Class A Green Secured Railcar Equipment Notes. These notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.78 , are payable monthly, and have a stated final maturity date of 2054. Net proceeds received from the transaction were used to repay borrowings under TILC's warehouse loan facility; to redeem the outstanding debt of Trinity Rail Leasing VII LLC's Series 2009-1 Secured Railcar Equipment Notes (the "TRL VII Notes"), of which 94.1 million was outstanding at the redemption date; and for general corporate purposes. The all-in interest rate for the TRL VII Notes was 6.66 per annum. 
 Senior Notes due 2028 In June 2024, we issued an additional 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.75 senior notes due July 2028 (the "Additional Senior Notes"), which increased the aggregate principal amount from 400.0 million to 600.0 million. Interest on the Additional Senior Notes is payable semiannually commencing July 15, 2024. Net proceeds received from the issuance, together with cash on hand, were used to repay 400.0 million of our 4.55 senior notes due 2024 ("Senior Notes due 2024"), and to pay related fees, costs, premiums, and expenses in connection with the issuance. 
 See Note 8 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these debt transactions. 
 Litigation Updates 
 See Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for an update on the status of certain litigation. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Revenues 798.8 821.3 2,449.8 2,185.4 Cost of revenues 629.3 679.5 1,936.6 1,819.2 Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses 60.5 49.1 174.1 153.3 Gains on dispositions of property 13.4 7.5 40.4 53.2 Restructuring activities, net (2.2) Total operating profit 122.4 100.2 379.5 268.3 Interest expense, net 67.4 68.8 206.6 197.8 Other, net (1.4) (0.9) (1.4) 2.0 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 56.4 32.3 174.3 68.5 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 15.6 6.0 43.7 1.9 Income from continuing operations 40.8 26.3 130.6 66.6 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues 
 The tables below present revenues by segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenues Percent External Intersegment Total Change (in millions) Railcar Leasing and Services Group 289.2 0.3 289.5 10.6 Rail Products Group 509.6 93.6 603.2 (3.3) Segment Totals 798.8 93.9 892.7 0.8 Eliminations (93.9) (93.9) Consolidated Total 798.8 798.8 (2.7) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenues External Intersegment Total (in millions) Railcar Leasing and Services Group 261.3 0.4 261.7 Rail Products Group 560.0 64.1 624.1 Segment Totals 821.3 64.5 885.8 Eliminations (64.5) (64.5) Consolidated Total 821.3 821.3 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenues Percent External Intersegment Total Change (in millions) Railcar Leasing and Services Group 854.0 2.1 856.1 12.2 Rail Products Group 1,595.8 309.0 1,904.8 2.0 Segment Totals 2,449.8 311.1 2,760.9 5.0 Eliminations (311.1) (311.1) Consolidated Total 2,449.8 2,449.8 12.1 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenues External Intersegment Total (in millions) Railcar Leasing and Services Group 761.8 1.1 762.9 Rail Products Group 1,423.6 443.5 1,867.1 Segment Totals 2,185.4 444.6 2,630.0 Eliminations (444.6) (444.6) Consolidated Total 2,185.4 2,185.4 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Costs 
 Operating costs are comprised of cost of revenues; selling, engineering, and administrative costs; gains or losses on property disposals; and restructuring activities. Operating costs by segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Railcar Leasing and Services Group (1) 
 174.3 165.9 512.6 466.4 Rail Products Group 554.3 594.7 1,761.7 1,789.3 Segment Totals 728.6 760.6 2,274.3 2,255.7 Corporate and other 33.1 25.2 92.9 82.8 Restructuring activities, net (2.2) Eliminations (85.3) (64.7) (296.9) (419.2) Consolidated Total 676.4 721.1 2,070.3 1,917.1 (1) Includes gains on lease portfolio sales of 11.4 million and 3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Includes gains on lease portfolio sales of 36.2 million and 46.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Operating Profit 
 Operating profit by segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Railcar Leasing and Services Group 115.2 95.8 343.5 296.5 Rail Products Group 48.9 29.4 143.1 77.8 Segment Totals 164.1 125.2 486.6 374.3 Corporate and other (33.1) (25.2) (92.9) (82.8) Restructuring activities, net 2.2 Eliminations (8.6) 0.2 (14.2) (25.4) Consolidated Total 122.4 100.2 379.5 268.3 
 Discussion of Consolidated Results 
 Revenues Our revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 798.8 million, representing a decrease of 22.5 million, or 2.7 , over the prior year period primarily due to lower external deliveries in the Rail Products Group, partially offset by favorable pricing and a higher volume of external repairs, as well as improved lease rates and net additions to the lease fleet in the Leasing Group. Our revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 2,449.8 million, representing an increase of 264.4 million, or 12.1 , over the prior year period primarily due to higher external deliveries in the Rail Products Group, as well as favorable pricing and a higher volume of external repairs and improved lease rates in the Leasing Group. 
 Cost of revenues Our cost of revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 629.3 million, representing a decrease of 50.2 million, or 7.4 , over the prior year period primarily due to lower external deliveries and improved efficiencies in the Rail Products Group. Our cost of revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,936.6 million, representing an increase of 117.4 million, or 6.5 , over the prior year period primarily due to higher external deliveries, partially offset by improved efficiencies in the Rail Products Group. 
 Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 60.5 million, representing an increase of 11.4 million, or 23.2 , when compared to the prior year period. Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 174.1 million, representing an increase of 20.8 million, or 13.6 , when compared to the prior year period. These increases were primarily due to higher employee-related costs, including increased incentive-based compensation, and continued investments in technology. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Gains on dispositions of property Gains on dispositions of property increased by 5.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the prior year period primarily due to higher gains on lease portfolio sales in the current year period. Gains on dispositions of property decreased by 12.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the prior year period primarily due to lower gains on lease portfolio sales in the current year period. Additionally, we recorded gains of 3.7 million and 4.9 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to insurance recoveries in excess of net book value for assets damaged by a tornado at the Company s rail maintenance facility in Cartersville, Georgia. 
 Operating profit Operating profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 122.4 million, representing an increase of 22.2 million, or 22.2 , from the prior year period primarily due to improved lease rates and higher gains on lease portfolio sales in the Leasing Group, and improved efficiencies in the Rail Products Group, partially offset by lower external deliveries in the Rail Products Group. Operating profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 379.5 million, representing an increase of 111.2 million, or 41.4 , from the prior year period primarily due to higher external deliveries and improved efficiencies in the Rail Products Group and improved lease rates and a higher volume of external repairs in the Leasing Group, partially offset by lower gains on lease portfolio sales in the current year period. 
 For further information regarding the operating results of individual segments, see "Segment Discussion" below. 
 Interest expense, net Interest expense, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 67.4 million, compared to 68.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Interest expense, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 206.6 million, compared to 197.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by higher interest rates and higher average debt in 2024, as well as a 1.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 Other, net Other, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulted in income of 1.4 million, compared to income of 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Other, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted in income of 1.4 million, compared to expense of 2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The changes in other, net (income) expense are primarily due to the remeasurement impact of foreign currency fluctuations related to the Mexican peso. Additionally, other, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes a fee of 3.1 million related to the execution of back-to-back interest rate caps associated with the new TILC warehouse loan facility. 
 Income taxes The effective tax rates from continuing operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were expenses of 27.7 and 25.1 , respectively, which differ from the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to state income taxes, foreign income taxes, non-deductible executive compensation, and return to provision adjustments, partially offset by the benefit of noncontrolling interest for which we do not provide income taxes, excess tax benefits associated with equity-based compensation, and changes in state tax laws. 
 The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was an expense of 18.6 , which differs from the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to state income taxes, foreign income taxes, non-deductible executive compensation, excess tax benefits associated with equity-based compensation, taxes not recorded on our non-controlling interests in partially-owned subsidiaries, and the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities due to state tax law changes and rate reductions enacted during the third quarter of 2023. 
 The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was an expense of 2.8 , which differs from the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to the release of residual taxes out of accumulated other comprehensive income; the re-measurement of our net deferred tax liabilities due to the acquisition of a subsidiary and state tax law changes and rate reductions during the year; changes in our valuation allowances; state income taxes; and foreign income taxes. See Note 9 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Discussion 
 Railcar Leasing and Services Group 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Percent 2024 2023 Percent in millions) Change in millions) Change Revenues: Leasing and management 213.1 204.7 4.1 644.0 603.2 6.8 Maintenance services (1) 
 66.5 39.1 70.1 180.7 113.6 59.1 Digital and logistics services 9.9 17.9 (44.7) 31.4 46.1 (31.9) Total revenues 289.5 261.7 10.6 856.1 762.9 12.2 Cost of revenues (2) 
 168.9 156.9 7.6 495.9 471.3 5.2 Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses 18.7 16.6 12.7 56.8 48.7 16.6 Gains on dispositions of property: Lease portfolio sales 11.4 3.1 36.2 46.4 Other 1.9 4.5 3.9 7.2 Total operating profit 115.2 95.8 20.3 343.5 296.5 15.9 Total operating profit margin 39.8 36.6 40.1 38.9 Total operating profit margin, excluding lease portfolio sales 35.9 35.4 35.9 32.8 Selected expense information for Company-owned railcars (3) : 
 Depreciation and amortization expense (4) 
 59.7 58.7 1.7 179.7 179.5 0.1 Maintenance and compliance expense (5) 
 29.7 33.7 (11.9) 95.1 101.3 (6.1) Other fleet operating costs (6) 
 8.5 7.7 10.4 24.3 25.1 (3.2) Interest expense (7) 
 59.1 57.9 2.1 176.9 169.7 4.2 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) Revenues related to services performed by the maintenance services business to support our lease fleet of Company-owned railcars are eliminated within the Railcar Leasing Services Group and are excluded from the totals reported on this line. 
 (2) Includes depreciation and amortization expense, maintenance and compliance expense, and other fleet operating costs related to our lease fleet, as well as operating costs for our maintenance services and digital and logistics services businesses. 
 (3) Includes wholly-owned railcars, partially-owned railcars, and railcars under leased-in arrangements. 
 (4) Depreciation and amortization expense includes 0.1 million and 5.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the disposal of certain railcar components associated with our sustainable railcar conversion program. Additionally, amortization of deferred profit on railcars sold from the Rail Products Group to the Leasing Group is included in depreciation and amortization expense, resulting in the recognition of depreciation expense based on our original manufacturing cost of the railcars. 
 (5) Maintenance and compliance expense is reported at cost with respect to the services performed by our maintenance services business to support the railcars in our lease fleet. 
 (6) Other fleet operating costs include freight, storage, rent, and ad valorem taxes. 
 (7) Interest expense is not a component of operating profit and includes the effect of hedges. 
 Information related to lease portfolio sales is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 in millions) Lease portfolio sales 67.0 60.1 253.7 245.8 Operating profit on lease portfolio sales 11.4 3.1 36.2 46.4 Operating profit margin on lease portfolio sales 17.0 5.2 14.3 18.9 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Total revenues for the Railcar Leasing and Services Group increased by 10.6 and 12.2 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods. Leasing and management revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were favorably impacted primarily by improved lease rates and net additions to the lease fleet, partially offset by lower utilization, when compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Digital and logistics services revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased when compared to the prior year periods primarily due to a change in revenue recognition from gross basis to net basis based on our conclusion that we are acting as an agent for certain services provided to a small number of customers. 
 Our maintenance services business is primarily dedicated to servicing our lease fleet of Company-owned railcars pursuant to the provisions of our lease contracts. This may include services that are not included in the full-service lease agreement, such as repairs of railcar damage or other customer-specific requirements. We also perform maintenance and repair activities on railcars owned by third parties, including our investor-owned fleet. Revenues in our maintenance services business increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of favorable pricing, as well as a higher volume of repairs completed for third parties, including our investor-owned fleet. 
 Cost of revenues for the Railcar Leasing and Services Group increased by 7.6 and 5.2 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods. In our maintenance services business, cost of revenues increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of the volume of external repairs. The increase to cost of revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was partially offset by a government incentive related to our investment at a rail maintenance facility. Cost of revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was also impacted by the gross basis to net basis change in our digital and logistics services business described above. 
 Leasing Group operating profit increased by 20.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the prior year period primarily due to improved lease rates and net additions to the lease fleet, higher gains on lease portfolio sales in the current year period, as well as favorable pricing and a higher volume of external repairs in the maintenance services business, partially offset by lower utilization. Leasing Group operating profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 15.9 primarily due to improved lease rates and net additions to the lease fleet, and favorable pricing and a higher volume of external repairs in the maintenance services business, partially offset by lower gains on lease portfolio sales in the current year period. Additionally, operating profit was favorably impacted by gains of 3.7 million and 4.9 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to insurance recoveries in excess of net book value for assets damaged by a tornado at the Company s rail maintenance facility in Cartersville, Georgia in the first quarter of 2021. 
 The Leasing Group generally uses its non-recourse warehouse loan facility or cash to provide initial funding for a portion of the purchase price of the railcars. After initial funding, the Leasing Group may obtain long-term financing for the railcars in the lease fleet through non-recourse asset-backed securities; long-term recourse debt; long-term non-recourse promissory notes; or third-party equity. 
 Information regarding the Leasing Group s lease fleet is as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Number of railcars: Wholly-owned (1) 
 86,085 85,395 Partially-owned 23,470 23,660 109,555 109,055 Investor-owned 34,285 33,025 143,840 142,080 Company-owned railcars (2) : 
 Average age in years 13.7 12.9 Average remaining lease term in years 2.8 3.0 Fleet utilization 96.6 98.1 
 (1) Includes 2,490 railcars and 2,495 railcars under leased-in arrangements as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Includes wholly-owned railcars, partially-owned railcars, and railcars under leased-in arrangements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Rail Products Group 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Percent 2024 2023 Percent in millions) Change in millions) Change Revenues: Rail products (1) 
 575.9 593.1 (2.9) 1,820.7 1,777.5 2.4 Parts components 27.3 31.0 (11.9) 84.1 89.6 (6.1) Total revenues 603.2 624.1 (3.3) 1,904.8 1,867.1 2.0 Operating costs: Cost of revenues 545.7 587.4 (7.1) 1,737.6 1,767.2 (1.7) Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses 
 8.7 7.3 19.2 24.2 21.8 11.0 Gains (losses) on dispositions of property 0.1 0.1 (0.3) Operating profit 48.9 29.4 66.3 143.1 77.8 83.9 Operating profit margin 8.1 4.7 7.5 4.2 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) Includes sustainable railcar conversion revenues of 12.8 million, representing 170 railcars, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and sustainable railcar conversion revenues of 77.4 million, representing 1,040 railcars, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Includes sustainable railcar conversion revenues of 63.0 million, representing 620 railcars, for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and sustainable railcar conversion revenues of 123.3 million, representing 1,255 railcars, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Revenues for the Rail Products Group decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 by 3.3 when compared to the prior year period primarily as a result of a lower volume of sustainable railcar conversions, partially offset by the mix of railcars sold. Revenues for the Rail Products Group increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 by 2.0 when compared to the prior year period primarily as a result of higher new railcar deliveries and the mix of railcars sold, partially offset by a lower volume of sustainable railcar conversions. 
 Cost of revenues for the Rail Products Group decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 by 7.1 and 1.7 , respectively, when compared to the prior year periods primarily due to improved labor efficiencies, operational efficiencies associated with reduced production line changeovers and fewer supply chain disruptions, and a lower volume of sustainable railcar conversions. These decreases were partially offset by higher new railcar deliveries and costs associated with workforce reductions when compared to the prior year periods. 
 Operating profit for the Rail Products Group increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 by 66.3 and 83.9 , respectively, when compared to the prior year periods primarily due to improved labor and operational efficiencies, the mix of railcars sold, and higher new railcar deliveries. 
 Information related to our Rail Products Group backlog of new railcars is set forth below. In addition to the amounts below, as of September 30, 2024, our backlog related to sustainable railcar conversions totaled 6.5 million, representing 75 railcars. 
 September 30, 2024 2023 Percent (in millions) Change External customers 1,998.9 3,153.6 Leasing Group 
 365.6 444.8 Total 2,364.5 3,598.4 (34.3) 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Percent (in units, in whole dollars) Change Beginning balance 20,815 30,540 25,890 32,270 Orders received 1,810 3,200 6,185 10,660 (42.0) Deliveries (4,360) (4,325) (13,810) (13,355) 3.4 Other adjustments (1) 
 (160) Ending balance 18,265 29,415 18,265 29,415 (37.9) Average selling price in ending backlog 129,455 122,332 5.8 
 (1) The adjustment for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes 160 railcars valued at 19.2 million that were placed with a different customer and are also included in orders received in the table above, resulting in no net effect on ending backlog. 
 Total backlog dollars decreased by 34.3 when compared to the prior year period. We expect to deliver approximately 19.9 of our railcar backlog value during the remaining three months of 2024 and 39.8 during 2025, with the remainder to be delivered through 2028. The orders in our backlog from the Leasing Group are fully supported by lease commitments with external customers. The final amount of backlog attributable to the Leasing Group may vary by the time of delivery as customers may elect to change their procurement decision. 
 Transactions between the Rail Products Group and the Leasing Group are as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 in millions) Revenues: New railcars 86.0 54.0 285.7 378.7 Sustainable railcar conversions 2.4 0.4 45.5 Parts components 7.6 7.7 22.9 19.3 Deferred profit (loss) 8.6 (0.1) 14.2 25.8 Number of new railcars (in units) 620 365 2,220 2,860 Number of sustainable railcar conversions (in units) 20 5 445 
 
 Corporate and other 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Percent 2024 2023 Percent (in millions) Change (in millions) Change Operating costs: Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses 
 33.1 25.2 31.3 93.1 82.8 12.4 Gains on dispositions of property (0.2) Operating loss (33.1) (25.2) 31.3 (92.9) (82.8) 12.2 
 Not meaningful 
 Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 31.3 and 12.4 , respectively, when compared to the prior year periods primarily from higher employee-related costs, including increased incentive-based compensation. Total operating costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were favorably impacted by gains associated with the disposition of non-operating facilities. As we continue to streamline our operational footprint, we may have additional gains or losses on the disposition of other non-operating facilities. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 We expect to finance future operating requirements with cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities; cash flows from operations; and short-term debt, long-term debt, and equity. Debt instruments that we have utilized include the TILC warehouse loan facility, senior notes, convertible subordinated notes, asset-backed securities, non-recourse promissory notes, and our revolving credit facility. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have total committed liquidity of 924.2 million. Our total available liquidity includes: 222.4 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents; 595.6 million unused and available under our revolving credit facility; and 106.2 million unused and available under the TILC warehouse loan facility based on the amount of warehouse-eligible, unpledged equipment. We believe we have access to adequate capital resources to fund operating requirements and are an active participant in the capital markets. 
 Liquidity Highlights 
 TILC Warehouse Loan Facility In March 2024, we entered into a new TILC warehouse loan facility with a total commitment amount of 800.0 million, a revolving termination date of March 15, 2027, and a maturity date of March 15, 2028. This warehouse loan facility replaced the prior 1.0 billion warehouse loan facility. 
 TRL-2024 Secured Railcar Equipment Notes In May 2024, TRL-2021 issued 432.4 million of its Series 2024-1 Class A Green Secured Railcar Equipment Notes. These notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.78 and have a stated final maturity date of 2054. Net proceeds received from the transaction were used to repay borrowings under TILC's warehouse loan facility, to redeem the outstanding debt of the TRL VII Notes, and for general corporate purposes. 
 Redemption of TRL-VII Secured Railcar Equipment Notes In May 2024, we redeemed in full the TRL VII Notes, of which 94.1 million was outstanding at the redemption date. The all-in interest rate for the TRL VII Notes was 6.66 per annum. 
 Senior Notes due 2028 In June 2024, we issued an additional 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.75 senior notes due July 2028, which increased the aggregate principal amount from 400.0 million to 600.0 million. Interest on the Additional Senior Notes is payable semiannually commencing July 15, 2024. Net proceeds received from the issuance, together with cash on hand, were used to repay our Senior Notes due 2024, and to pay related fees, costs, premiums, and expenses in connection with the issuance. 
 Redemption of Senior Notes due 2024 In June 2024, we redeemed in full 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.55 senior notes due 2024. 
 See Note 8 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these debt transactions. 
 Dividend Payments We paid 70.1 million in dividends to our common stockholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Share Repurchase Authorization In December 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program effective December 9, 2022 with no expiration. The share repurchase program authorizes the Company to repurchase up to 250.0 million of its common stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, share repurchases totaled 192,250 shares and 226,150 shares, respectively, at a cost of approximately 6.2 million and 7.1 million, respectively, resulting in a remaining authorization to repurchase up to 242.9 million of our common stock under the share repurchase program as of September 30, 2024. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Net cash flows from continuing operations: Operating activities 383.5 215.8 Investing activities (105.2) (316.3) Financing activities (169.7) 81.0 Net cash flows from discontinued operations (11.3) (8.1) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 97.3 (27.6) 
 Operating Activities . Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 383.5 million compared to net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations of 215.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The changes in our operating assets and liabilities are as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) (Increase) decrease in receivables, inventories, and other assets 81.7 (104.4) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other liabilities (31.8) 89.2 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 49.9 (15.2) 
 The changes in our operating assets and liabilities resulted in a net source of 49.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to a net use of 15.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The changes in operating assets and liabilities for the current year period were impacted primarily by lower inventory and accounts payable balances associated with railcar deliveries. 
 Investing Activities. Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 105.2 million compared to 316.3 million of net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Significant investing activities are as follows: 
 We made a net fleet investment of 86.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 237.5 million in the prior year period primarily due to the timing of fleet additions. Our investment in the lease fleet primarily includes new railcar additions, sustainable railcar conversions, railcar modifications, and other betterments, net of deferred profit, and secondary market purchases; and is net of proceeds from lease portfolio sales. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we acquired a company that is a provider of proprietary software and logistics and terminal management solutions for net cash of 66.6 million. We had no acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Financing Activities. Net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 169.7 million compared to 81.0 million of net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Significant financing activities are as follows: 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had total repayments of 1,831.0 million and total borrowings of 1,762.4 million, for net repayments of 68.6 million, primarily from the redemption of the Senior Notes due 2024 and the TRL VII Notes, partially offset by debt proceeds to support our investment in the lease fleet and for general corporate purposes. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had total borrowings of 1,444.3 million and total repayments of 1,279.0 million, for net proceeds of 165.3 million, primarily from debt proceeds for general corporate purposes and to support our investment in the lease fleet. 
 We paid 70.1 million and 64.7 million in dividends to our common stockholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Current Debt Obligations 
 The revolving credit facility contains several financial covenants that require the maintenance of ratios related to minimum interest coverage for the leasing and manufacturing operations and maximum leverage. A summary of our financial covenants is detailed below: 
 Ratio Covenant Actual at 
 September 30, 2024 
 Maximum leverage (1) 
 No greater than 3.75 to 1.00 1.15 Minimum interest coverage (2) 
 No less than 2.25 to 1.00 8.53 
 (1) Defined as the ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") for the Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries for the period of four consecutive quarters ending with September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Defined as the ratio of the difference of (A) consolidated EBITDA less (B) consolidated capital expenditures operating and administrative to consolidated interest expense to the extent paid in cash, in each case for the Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries for the period of four consecutive quarters ending with September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all such financial covenants. Please refer to Note 8 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our current debt obligations. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 For the full year 2024, we anticipate a net fleet investment of between 200 million and 300 million. Capital expenditures related to operating and administrative activities, including supporting automation, technology, and modernization of our facilities and processes, are projected to range between 50 million and 60 million for the full year 2024. 
 Equity Investments 
 See Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our investments in partially-owned subsidiaries. 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding letters of credit issued under our revolving credit facility in an aggregate amount of 4.4 million, which support performance bonds related to certain railcar orders. See Note 8 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about our corporate revolving credit facility. Additionally, we had a letter of credit issued outside our revolving credit facility for 8.5 million. This letter of credit obligation replaces a required cash liquidity reserve to support the TILC warehouse loan facility and renews by its terms each year. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 We use derivative instruments to mitigate interest rate risk, including risks associated with the impact of changes in interest rates in anticipation of future debt issuances and to offset interest rate variability of certain floating rate debt issuances outstanding. We also may use derivative instruments from time to time to mitigate the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Derivative instruments are accounted for in accordance with applicable accounting standards. See Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of how we utilize our derivative instruments. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We have included financial measures compiled in accordance with GAAP and certain non-GAAP measures in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to provide management and investors with additional information regarding our financial results. Non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP and, as calculated, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures for other companies. For each non-GAAP financial measure, we provide a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure. 
 Cash Flow from Operations with Net Gains on Lease Portfolio Sales 
 Cash flow from operations with net gains on lease portfolio sales is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe this measure is useful to both management and investors as it provides a relevant measure of liquidity and a useful basis for assessing the breadth of the cash flow generation capabilities across our operating platform, as well as our ability to fund our operations and repay our debt. This measure is defined as net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations as computed in accordance with GAAP, plus net gains on lease portfolio sales and is reconciled to net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, in the following table. Non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP and, as calculated, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures for other companies. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities continuing operations 383.5 215.8 Net gains on lease portfolio sales 36.2 46.4 Cash flow from operations with net gains on lease portfolio sales 
 419.7 262.2 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 Except as described below, as of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to our contractual obligations from December 31, 2023: 
 In March 2024, we entered into a new TILC warehouse loan facility with a total commitment amount of 800.0 million, a revolving termination date of March 15, 2027, and a maturity date of March 15, 2028. This warehouse loan facility replaced the prior 1.0 billion warehouse loan facility. 
 In May 2024, TRL-2021 issued 432.4 million of its Series 2024-1 Class A Green Secured Railcar Equipment Notes. These notes have a stated final maturity date of 2054. 
 In May 2024, we redeemed in full the TRL VII Notes, of which 99.7 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 In June 2024, we issued an additional 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.75 senior notes due 2028, which increased the aggregate principal amount from 400.0 million to 600.0 million. 
 In June 2024, we redeemed in full 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.55 senior notes due 2024. 
 See Note 8 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these debt transactions. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 There has been no material change in our market risks since December 31, 2023 as set forth in Item 7A of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Refer to Note 3 and Note 8 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the impact of hedging activity and debt-related activity, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that we are able to collect and record the information we are required to disclose in the reports we file with the SEC, and to process, summarize, and disclose this information within the time periods specified in the rules of the SEC. Our Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers are responsible for establishing and maintaining these procedures and, as required by the rules of the SEC, evaluating their effectiveness. Based on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures that took place as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers concluded that these procedures are effective to 1) ensure that we are able to collect, process, and disclose the information we are required to disclose in the reports we file with the SEC within the required time periods and 2) accumulate and communicate this information to our management, including our Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers, to allow timely decisions regarding this disclosure. 
 Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 During the period covered by this report, there have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The information provided in Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements is hereby incorporated into this Part II, Item 1 by reference. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 This table provides information with respect to purchases by the Company of shares of its common stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 (in millions) 
 July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 
 1,768 30.06 249.1 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 
 52,904 32.44 50,900 247.4 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 
 141,817 32.45 141,350 242.9 Total 196,489 192,250 
 (1) These columns include the following transactions during the three months ended September 30, 2024: (i) the surrender to the Company of 4,187 shares of common stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees; (ii) the purchase of 52 shares of common stock by the Trustee for assets held in a non-qualified employee profit sharing plan trust; and (iii) the purchase of 192,250 shares of common stock on the open market as part of our share repurchase program. 
 (2) In December 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program effective December 9, 2022 with no expiration. The share repurchase program authorizes the Company to repurchase up to 250.0 million of its common stock. The Company repurchased 192,250 shares under the share repurchase program during the three months ended September 30, 2024, at a cost of approximately 6.2 million, resulting in a remaining authorization to repurchase up to 242.9 million of its common stock under the share repurchase program as of September 30, 2024. Certain shares of stock repurchased during September 2024, totaling 0.2 million, were cash settled in October 2024 in accordance with normal settlement practices. The approximate dollar value of shares that were eligible to be repurchased under our share repurchase program is shown as of the end of such month or quarter. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Item 5. Other Information 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 On September 4, 2024, the Company amended its Bylaws (as amended, the Amended Bylaws ). The Amended Bylaws include multiple changes to the procedure for stockholders to make a nomination for election (a Stockholder Nomination to the Board, including (i) the period in which such Stockholder Nomination must be submitted to the Board, (ii) submission of additional information to the Board for any person named in a Stockholder Nomination (a Stockholder Nominee ), (iii) additional disclosures by the stockholder making a Stockholder Nomination (the Nominating Stockholder ), and (iv) certain provisions to clarify compliance with the universal proxy rules adopted by the SEC, including: 
 1. Changing the advance notice requirement for such nominations to not less than 90 nor more than 120 days notice prior to the anniversary of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. As a result of the amendments, for consideration at the 2025 annual meeting of the stockholders, Stockholder Nominations must be received by the secretary of the Company no earlier than January 20, 2025, and no later than February 19, 2025. 
 2. Requiring additional information for Stockholder Nominees, including the following: completing the Company s standard director questionnaire, acknowledging their consent to being named a nominee, and indicating whether such nominee will comply with all policies and guidelines applicable to directors. 
 3. Requiring additional disclosures from a Nominating Stockholder regarding arrangements or understandings entered into by such Nominating Stockholder, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss, manage risk, or derive benefit regarding changes in share price of the Company s common stock, or increase or decrease the voting power of the Nominating Stockholder with respect to shares of the Company s common stock. 
 4. Updating certain provisions with respect to the universal proxy rules adopted by the SEC, including requiring confirmation from Nominating Stockholders of compliance with Rule 14a-19 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and updates of information provided to the Company in connection with such actions. 
 The foregoing description of the Amended Bylaws is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Bylaws, which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein. 
 Stock Trading Plan 
 , , into a stock trading plan on . Mr. Mitchell s plan provides for the sale of up to shares of common stock between November 15, 2024 and May 6, 2025. Mr. Mitchell s trading plan was entered into during an open insider trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act and the Company s policies regarding insider transactions. 
 Except as described above, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers informed the Company of the or of a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement", as those terms are defined in Item 408 of SEC Regulation S-K. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 NO. DESCRIPTION 3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Trinity Industries. Inc., effective September 4, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K filed September 9, 2024). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed electronically herewith). 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith). 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith). 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith). 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 _____________________________ 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 TRINITY INDUSTRIES, INC. By: /s/ Eric R. Marchetto Registrant Eric R. Marchetto Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer October 31, 2024 
 58 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh3119302024-10qxq3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, E. Jean Savage, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Trinity Industries, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s E. Jean Savage 
 E. Jean Savage 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exh3129302024-10qxq3.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Eric R. Marchetto, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Trinity Industries, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Eric R. Marchetto 
 Eric R. Marchetto 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exh3219302024-10qxq3.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Trinity Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, E. Jean Savage, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company, as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 
 
 s E. Jean Savage 
 E. Jean Savage 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 October 31, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exh3229302024-10qxq3.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Trinity Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric R. Marchetto, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company, as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 
 
 s Eric R. Marchetto 
 Eric R. Marchetto 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 October 31, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 trn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 trn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 trn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 trn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 trn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

