<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_798941_0000798941-24-000047.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33826052</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>267283</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2854495</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18647592</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5319493</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5692898</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000798941-24-000047.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107160937
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000798941-24-000047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		139
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST CITIZENS BANCSHARES INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000798941
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				561528994
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16715
		FILM NUMBER:		241435689

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 SIX FORKS ROAD
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609
		BUSINESS PHONE:		919 716 7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 SIX FORKS ROAD
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000798941-24-000047.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 fcnca-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fcnca-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 First Citizens BancShares, Inc. 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principle executive offices) (Zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Class A Common Stock shares 
 Class B Common Stock shares 
 (Number of shares outstanding, by class, as of October 31, 2024) 

Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 
 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 66 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 113 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 113 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 114 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 114 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 114 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 114 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 115 
 Signatures 
 116 

2 

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS 
 The following is a list of select abbreviations and acronyms used throughout this document. You may find it helpful to refer back to this table. 
 
 Acronym Definition Acronym Definition ALLL Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses LOCOM Lower of the Cost or Market Value AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis ASC Accounting Standards Codification MSRs Mortgage Servicing Rights ASU Accounting Standards Update NCCOB North Carolina Commissioner of Banks BHC Bank Holding Company NII Net Interest Income bps Basis point(s); 1 bp = 0.01 NII Sensitivity Net Interest Income Sensitivity CODM Chief Operating Decision Maker NIM Net Interest Margin CRA Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 NPR Notice of Proposed Rulemaking CRE Commercial Real Estate OREO Other Real Estate Owned DPA Deferred Purchase Agreement PAA Purchase Accounting Accretion or Amortization DTAs Deferred Tax Assets PAM Proportional Amortization Method ETR Effective Income Tax Rate PCD Purchased Credit Deteriorated EVE Sensitivity Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity PD Probability of Obligor Default FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board ROU Right of Use FCB First-Citizens Bank Trust Company SBA Small Business Administration FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation SEC Securities and Exchange Commission FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate FOMC Federal Open Market Committee SVB Silicon Valley Bank FRB Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or Federal Reserve Bank SVBB Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. GAAP United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 TMT Technology Media and Telecommunications 
 HQLS High-Quality Liquid Securities UPB Unpaid Principal Balance ISDA International Swaps and Derivatives Association VIE Variable Interest Entity LGD Loss Given Default 

3 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 

dollars in millions, except share data September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits at banks Securities purchased under agreements to resell Investment in marketable equity securities (cost of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023) 
 Investment securities available for sale (cost of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023), net of allowance for credit losses 
 Investment securities held to maturity (fair value of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023) 
 Assets held for sale Loans and leases Allowance for loan and lease losses ) ) Loans and leases, net of allowance for loan and lease losses Operating lease equipment, net Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Credit balances of factoring clients Borrowings: Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Total borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity Preferred stock - par value shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Common stock: Class A - par value shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Class B - par value shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 4 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, dollars in millions, except share and per share data 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income Interest and fees on loans Interest on investment securities Interest on deposits at banks Total interest income Interest expense Deposits Borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Rental income on operating lease equipment Fee income and other service charges Client investment fees Wealth management services International fees Service charges on deposit accounts Factoring commissions Cardholder services, net Merchant services, net Insurance commissions Realized gain (loss) on sale of investment securities, net ) ) Fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities, net ) ) Gain on sale of leasing equipment, net Gain on acquisition Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Depreciation on operating lease equipment Maintenance and other operating lease expenses Salaries and benefits Net occupancy expense Equipment expense Professional fees Third-party processing fees FDIC insurance expense Marketing expense Acquisition-related expenses Intangible asset amortization Other noninterest expense Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common stockholders Earnings per common share Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, dollars in millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Net unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for sale ) ) Net change in unrealized loss on securities available for sale transferred to securities held to maturity Net change in defined benefit pension items ) Net unrealized gain on cash flow hedge derivatives Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended dollars in millions, except per share data Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock based compensation ) ) Repurchased shares of Class A common stock 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share): 
 Class A common stock ) ) Class B common stock ) ) Preferred stock dividends declared: Series A ) ) Series B ) ) Series C ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock based compensation Cash dividends declared per common share): 
 Class A common stock ) ) Class B common stock Preferred stock dividends declared: Series A ) ) Series B ) ) Series C ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 

7 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended dollars in millions, except per share data Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock based compensation ) ) Repurchased shares of Class A common stock 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share): 
 Class A common stock ) ) Class B common stock ) ) Preferred stock dividends declared: Series A ) ) Series B ) ) Series C ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock based compensation ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share): 
 Class A common stock ) ) Class B common stock ) ) Preferred stock dividends declared: Series A ) ) Series B ) ) Series C ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, dollars in millions 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Deferred tax (benefit) expense ) Depreciation, amortization, and accretion, net ) Stock based compensation expense Realized (gain) loss on sale of investment securities, net ) Fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities, net ) (Gain) loss on sale of loans, net ) Gain on sale of operating lease equipment, net ) ) Loss on sale of premises and equipment, net Gain on other real estate owned, net ) ) Gain on acquisition ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Origination of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale Impairment of premises and equipment and other assets Net change in other assets ) ) Net change in other liabilities ) ) Other operating activities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net decrease in interest-earning deposits at banks Purchases of marketable equity securities ) Proceeds from sales of investments in marketable equity securities Purchases of investment securities available for sale ) ) Proceeds from maturities of investment securities available for sale Proceeds from sales of investment securities available for sale Purchases of investment securities held to maturity ) ) Proceeds from maturities of investment securities held to maturity Net decrease (increase) in securities purchased under agreements to resell ) Net (increase) decrease in loans ) Proceeds from sales of loans Net increase in credit balances of factoring clients Purchases of operating lease equipment ) ) Proceeds from sales of operating lease equipment Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Cash acquired, net of cash paid as consideration for acquisition Proceeds from surrender of bank-owned life insurance policies Other investing activities ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net (decrease) increase in time deposits ) Net increase (decrease) in demand and other interest-bearing deposits ) Net (decrease) increase in securities sold under customer repurchase agreements ) Repayment of short-term borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of short-term borrowings Repayment of long-term borrowings ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term borrowings Repurchase of Class A common stock ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Change in cash and due from banks ) Cash and due from banks at beginning of period Cash and due from banks at end of period 
 9 

Nine Months Ended September 30, dollars in millions 2024 2023 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes Significant non-cash investing and financing activities: Transfers of loans to other real estate Transfers of premises and equipment to other real estate Transfer of assets from held for investment to held for sale Transfer of assets from held for sale to held for investment Commitments extended during the period on affordable housing investment credits Purchase Money Note as consideration for SVBB Acquisition 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 10 

First Citizens BancShares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Refer to Note 8 Variable Interest Entities and Note 9 Other Assets for additional information. 

11 

Refer to Note 4 Loans and Leases and Note 5 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses for additional information. 

12 

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 Significant accounting policies are described in the 2023 Form 10-K. Relevant updates to the significant accounting policies are described below. 

13 

billion as of the SVBB Acquisition Date, primarily including billion of loans, net of the initial ALLL for purchased credit deteriorated PCD loans, and billion of cash and interest-earning deposits at banks. FCB also assumed liabilities with a total fair value of approximately billion, primarily including billion of customer deposits. The deposits were acquired without a premium and the assets were acquired at a discount of approximately billion pursuant to the terms of the SVBB Purchase Agreement. Further details regarding the fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities are provided in the Fair Value Purchase Price Allocation table below. 
 
 In connection with the SVBB Purchase Agreement, FCB also entered into a commercial shared loss agreement with the FDIC (the Shared-Loss Agreement ). The Shared-Loss Agreement covered an estimated billion of commercial loans (collectively, the Covered Assets at the time of acquisition. The FDIC will reimburse FCB for of losses of up to billion with respect to Covered Assets and of losses in excess of billion with respect to Covered Assets FDIC Loss Sharing and FCB will reimburse the FDIC for of recoveries related to such Covered Assets FCB reimbursement ). The Shared-Loss Agreement provides for FDIC Loss Sharing for and FCB reimbursement for . The Shared-Loss Agreement extends to loans funded within of the SVBB Acquisition Date that were unfunded commitments to loans at the SVBB Acquisition Date. If certain conditions are met pursuant to the Shared-Loss Agreement, FCB has agreed to pay to the FDIC, days after March 31, 2031 (or, if earlier, the time of disposition of all acquired assets pursuant to the Shared-Loss Agreement), a true-up amount up to billion calculated using a formula set forth in the Shared-Loss Agreement. As noted below, estimates indicated there is no material value to attribute to the loss indemnification asset or true-up liability. 
 
 In connection with the SVBB Acquisition, FCB issued a five -year billion note payable to the FDIC (the Original Purchase Money Note ), and entered into binding terms and conditions for an up to billion line of credit provided by the FDIC for related risks and liquidity purposes (the Initial Liquidity Commitment ). At such time, FCB and the FDIC agreed to negotiate additional terms and documents augmenting and superseding the Original Purchase Money Note and Initial Liquidity Commitment, and on November 20, 2023, FCB and the FDIC entered into new financing agreements for those purposes. On November 20, 2023, the Original Purchase Money Note was amended and restated, dated as of March 27, 2023 and maturing March 27, 2028 (the Purchase Money Note ), adjusting the principal amount to approximately billion. FCB and the FDIC, as lender and as collateral agent, also entered into an Advance Facility Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2023, and effective as of November 20, 2023 (the Advance Facility Agreement ), providing total advances available through March 27, 2025 of up to billion (subject to the limits described below) solely to provide liquidity to offset deposit withdrawal or runoff of former SVBB deposit accounts and to fund the unfunded commercial lending commitments acquired in the SVBB Acquisition. Borrowings outstanding under the Advance Facility Agreement are limited to an amount equal to the value of loans and other collateral obtained from SVBB plus the value of any other unencumbered collateral agreed by the parties to serve as additional collateral, reduced by the amount of principal and accrued interest outstanding under the Purchase Money Note and the accrued interest on the Advance Facility Agreement. Interest on any outstanding principal amount accrues at a variable rate equal to the three-month weighted average of the Daily Simple Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus basis points bps (but in no event less than ). Obligations of FCB under the Advance Facility Agreement are subordinated to its obligations under the Purchase Money Note. Refer to the Pledged Assets section in Note 4 Loans and Leases for additional information. 
 
 14 

billion (fair value of billion). FCB pledged specified assets as collateral security for the Purchase Money Note and the Advance Facility Agreement, including loans purchased from the FDIC as receiver to SVBB, the related loan documents and collections, accounts established for collections and disbursements, any items credited thereto, such additional collateral (if any) as the parties may agree to in the future, and proceeds thereof. The interest rate on the Purchase Money Note accrues at a rate of per annum. There are no scheduled principal payments under the Purchase Money Note. FCB may voluntarily prepay principal under the Purchase Money Note without premium or penalty, twice per month. The principal amount of the Purchase Money Note is based on the carrying value of net assets acquired less the asset discount of billion pursuant to the terms of the SVBB Purchase Agreement. 
 
 In addition, as part of the consideration for the SVBB Acquisition, BancShares issued a Cash Settled Value Appreciation Instrument to the FDIC (the Value Appreciation Instrument in which FCB agreed to make a cash payment to the FDIC equal to the product of (i) million and (ii) the excess amount by which the average volume weighted price of share of Class A common stock, over the two Nasdaq trading days immediately prior to the date on which the Value Appreciation Instrument is exercised exceeds ; provided that the settlement amount does not exceed million. The FDIC exercised its right under the Value Appreciation Instrument on March 28, 2023 and a million payment was made on April 4, 2023. 
 
 Value Appreciation Instrument Purchase price consideration Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits at banks Investment securities available for sale Loans and leases, net of the initial PCD ALLL Affordable housing tax credit and other unconsolidated investments Premises and equipment Core deposit intangibles Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Deposits Borrowings Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Fair value of net assets acquired Gain on acquisition, after income taxes (2) (3) 
 Gain on acquisition, before income taxes (2) 
 
 (1) The principal amount of the Purchase Money Note is the carrying value of net assets acquired of approximately billion less the asset discount of billion pursuant to the SVBB Purchase Agreement. The billion above is net of a fair value discount of approximately million. 
 (2) The difference between the gain on acquisition before and after taxes reflects the deferred tax liabilities recorded in the SVBB Acquisition. 
 (3) The billion gain on acquisition includes Measurement Period Adjustments, whereas the billion gain on acquisition in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was preliminary as Measurement Period Adjustments were recorded after September 30, 2023. 
 
 The gain on acquisition of billion, net of income taxes of billion, was recorded in noninterest income during the year ended December 31, 2023, and represents the excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the purchase price. 
 
 15 

billion, compared to the UPB of billion, resulting in a discount of billion that is accreted into income over the contractual life of the applicable loan using the effective interest method. 
 
 PCD loans and leases Total loans and leases, before PCD gross-up 
 
 The following table summarizes PCD loans and leases that BancShares acquired in the SVBB Acquisition. 
 
 PCD Loans and Leases 
 dollars in millions Total PCD Loans from SVBB Acquisition UPB Fair value Total fair value discount Less: discount for loans with fair value at SVBB Acquisition Date 
 Less: PCD gross-up Non-credit discount (1) 
 
 million is accreted into income over the contractual life of the applicable loan using the effective interest method. 
 
 Affordable housing tax credit investments 
 The fair values of the affordable housing tax credit investments were determined based on discounted cash flows. The cash flow projections considered tax credits and net cash flows from operating losses and tax depreciation. The discount rate was determined using observable market data points for similar investments. 

16 

years Effective yield 
 Certain core deposits were acquired as part of the SVBB Acquisition, which provide an additional source of funds for BancShares. The core deposit intangible represents the costs saved by BancShares by acquiring the core deposits rather than sourcing the funds elsewhere. This intangible was valued using the after tax cost savings method under the income approach. This method estimated the fair value by discounting to present value the favorable funding spread attributable to the core deposit balances over their estimated average remaining life. The valuation considered a dynamic approach to interest rates and alternative cost of funds. The favorable funding spread was calculated as the difference in the alternative cost of funds and the net deposit cost. 
 
 Other assets 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock and Federal Reserve Bank stock Fair value of derivative financial instruments Other Total other assets 
 
 The fair values of the derivative assets in the table above and derivative liabilities in the table below were valued using prices of financial instruments with similar characteristics and observable inputs. The fair values of accrued interest receivable and the remaining other assets were determined to approximate book value. 

17 

Fair value of derivative financial instruments Reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposures Accrued interest payable Other Total other liabilities 
 
 The fair value of the liability representing our commitment for future capital contributions to the affordable housing tax credit investments was determined based on discounted cash flows. Projected cash flows for future capital contributions were discounted at a rate that represented FCB s cost of debt. 
 
 Shared-Loss Agreement intangibles 
 Estimates indicated there was no material value to attribute to the loss indemnification asset or true-up liability. This was primarily based on evaluation of historical loss experience and the credit quality of the portfolio. 
 
 Pro Forma Information - SVBB Acquisition 
 SVBB was only in operation from March 10 to March 27, 2023 and does not have historical financial information on which we could base pro forma information. Additionally, we did not acquire all assets or assume all liabilities of SVBB and an essential part of the SVBB Acquisition is the federal assistance governed by the SVBB Purchase Agreement and Shared-Loss Agreement, which is not reflected in the previous operations of SVBB. Therefore, it is impracticable to provide unaudited pro forma information on revenues and earnings for the SVBB Acquisition in accordance with ASC 805-10-50-2. 
 
 Net interest income, noninterest income and net income of billion, million and million, respectively, attributable to the SVBB Acquisition were included in BancShares Consolidated Statement of Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 18 

) Government agency ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate bonds ) Municipal bonds Total investment securities available for sale ) Investment in marketable equity securities ) Investment securities held to maturity U.S. Treasury ) Government agency ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Supranational securities ) Other Total investment securities held to maturity ) Total investment securities ) December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Investment securities available for sale U.S. Treasury ) Government agency ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate bonds ) Municipal bonds Total investment securities available for sale ) Investment in marketable equity securities ) Investment securities held to maturity U.S. Treasury ) Government agency ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Supranational securities ) Other Total investment securities held to maturity ) Total investment securities ) 
 
 U.S. Treasury investments include Treasury bills and Notes issued by the U.S. Treasury. Investments in government agency securities represent securities issued by the Small Business Administration SBA ), Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB and other U.S. agencies. Investments in residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities represent securities issued by the Government National Mortgage Association, Federal National Mortgage Association and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation. Investments in corporate bonds represent positions in debt securities of other financial institutions. Municipal bonds are general obligation bonds. Investments in marketable equity securities represent positions in common stock of publicly traded financial institutions. Investments in supranational securities represent securities issued by the Supranational Entities Multilateral Development Banks. Other held to maturity investments include certificates of deposit with other financial institutions. 
 19 

shares of Visa, Inc. Visa Class B common stock Visa Class B common stock ). Effective January 24, 2024, all outstanding shares of Visa Class B common stock were redenominated as Visa Class B-1 common stock Visa Class B-1 common stock pursuant to Visa s eighth amended and restated certificate of incorporation. BancShares currently holds approximately shares of Visa Class B-1 common stock. Until the resolution of certain litigation, at which time the Visa Class B-1 common stock will convert to publicly traded Visa Class A common stock, or the potential exchange of Visa Class B-1 common stock for other marketable classes of Visa common stock, these shares are only transferable to other stockholders of Visa Class B-1 common stock or certain new denominations of Visa s former Class B common stock. As a result, there is limited transfer activity in private transactions between buyers and sellers. Given this limited trading activity and the continuing uncertainty regarding the likelihood, ultimate timing and eventual exchange of Visa Class B-1 common stock for shares of Visa Class A common stock or other marketable classes of Visa common stock, these shares are not considered to have a readily determinable fair value and have carrying value. BancShares continues to monitor the trading activity in Visa Class B-1 common stock, the status of the resolution of certain litigation matters at Visa, and other potential exchange alternatives that would trigger the conversion of the Visa Class B-1 common stock into Visa Class A common stock or other marketable classes of Visa common stock. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable for available for sale and held to maturity debt securities was excluded from the estimate for credit losses. At September 30, 2024, accrued interest receivable for available for sale and held to maturity debt securities was million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2023, accrued interest receivable for available for sale and held to maturity debt securities was million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there was accrued interest that was deemed uncollectible and written off against interest income. 
 
 A security is considered past due once it is days contractually past due under the terms of the agreement. There were securities past due as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 After one through five years After five through 10 years After 10 years Government agency Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Total investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Non-amortizing securities maturing in: One year or less After one through five years After five through 10 years Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Total investment securities held to maturity 

20 

Interest income - nontaxable investment securities Dividend income - marketable equity securities Interest on investment securities 
 
 Fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities and realized gains and losses on sales of investment securities, net are presented on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The realized gain on sale of marketable equity securities was million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the respective 2023 periods. 
 
 Gross realized losses on sales of investment securities available for sale ) ) Net realized losses on sales of investment securities available for sale ) ) 
 
 ) ) Government agency ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total ) ) ) December 31, 2023 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Investment securities available for sale U.S. Treasury ) ) Government agency ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 

21 

investment securities available for sale with continuous unrealized losses for more than 12 months, of which were government sponsored enterprise-issued mortgage-backed securities, government agency securities, or U.S. treasury securities and the remaining were corporate bonds. BancShares has the ability and intent to retain these securities for a period of time sufficient to recover all unrealized losses. Given the consistently strong credit rating of the U.S. Treasury, and the long history of no credit losses on debt securities issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, as of September 30, 2024, allowance for credit loss was required. For corporate bonds, we analyzed the changes in interest rates relative to when the investment securities were purchased or acquired, and considered other factors including changes in credit ratings, delinquencies, and other macroeconomic factors. As a result of this analysis, we determined that allowance for credit loss was required for investment securities available for sale as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 BancShares portfolio of held to maturity debt securities consists of mortgage-backed securities issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, U.S. Treasury notes, unsecured bonds issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, and securities issued by the Supranational Entities Multilateral Development Banks. Given the consistently strong credit rating of the U.S. Treasury, the Supranational Entities Multilateral Development Banks and the long history of no credit losses on debt securities issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, no allowance for credit loss was required for debt securities held to maturity as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 There were debt securities on nonaccrual status as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Investment securities having an aggregate carrying value of billion at September 30, 2024, and billion at December 31, 2023, were pledged as collateral to secure public funds on deposit and certain short-term borrowings, and for other purposes as required by law. 

22 

Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer SVB Global fund banking Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases 
 
 Refer to Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation for discussion of the changes in loan classes. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accrued interest receivable on loans included in other assets was million and million, respectively, and was excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 The discount on acquired loans is accreted to interest income over the contractual life of the loan using the effective interest method. Discount accretion income, which primarily related to the SVBB Acquisition, was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, including million and million for unfunded commitments, respectively. Discount accretion income, which primarily related to the SVBB Acquisition, was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, including million and million for unfunded commitments, respectively. ) Net unamortized discount on acquired loans Non-PCD PCD Total net unamortized discount 
 23 

days past due are considered current, as various grace periods allow borrowers to make payments within a stated period after the due date and remain in compliance with the respective agreement. 
 
 Loans and Leases - Delinquency Status 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or Greater Total Past Due Current Total Commercial Commercial construction Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer SVB Global fund banking Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases December 31, 2023 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or Greater Total Past Due Current Total Commercial Commercial construction Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer SVB Global fund banking Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases 
 24 

Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer SVB Global fund banking Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases 
 (1) Accrued interest that was reversed when the loan went to nonaccrual status was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Nonaccrual loans for which there was no related ALLL totaled million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Other real estate owned OREO and repossessed assets were million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 25 

26 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total commercial construction Owner occupied commercial mortgage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total commercial and industrial Leases Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total leases Total commercial 

27 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total global fund banking Investor dependent - early stage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB 
 28 

30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total revolving mortgage Consumer auto Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total consumer auto Consumer other Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total consumer other Total consumer 

29 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total commercial construction Owner occupied commercial mortgage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total commercial and industrial Leases Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total leases Total commercial 

30 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total global fund banking Investor dependent - early stage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Ungraded Total innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB 
 31 

30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total revolving mortgage Consumer auto Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total consumer auto Consumer other Current 30-59 days 60-89 days 90 days or greater Total consumer other Total consumer 

32 

Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer SVB Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Term Loans by Origination Year Revolving Converted to Term Loans dollars in millions 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Revolving Total Commercial Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Leases Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Consumer auto Consumer other Total consumer SVB Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases 

33 

Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Total consumer SVB Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases 
 (1) Term extensions include modifications in which the balloon principal payment was deferred to a later date or the loan amortization period was extended. 

Amortized Cost of Loans Modified during the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 dollars in millions Term Extension (1) 
 Payment Delay Interest Rate Reduction Term Extension (1) and Interest Rate Reduction 
 Other Combinations Total Percent of Total Loan Class Commercial Commercial construction Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Total consumer SVB Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases 
 (1) Term extensions include modifications in which the balloon principal payment was deferred to a later date or the loan amortization period was extended. 

34 

Owner occupied commercial mortgage 17 6 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 7 6 Commercial and industrial 17 6 Leases 11 Total commercial 15 6 Consumer Residential mortgage 47 11 Revolving mortgage 60 Consumer auto 31 Consumer other 60 Total consumer 52 11 SVB Investor dependent - early stage 6 7 Investor dependent - growth stage 9 6 Innovation C I and cash flow dependent 12 Total SVB 11 6 Total loans and leases 14 6 
 
 Financial Effects of Loan Modifications made during the three months ended September 30, 2023 dollars in millions Weighted Average Term Extension (in Months) Weighted Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted Average Payment Delay (in Months) Amount of Principal Forgiven Commercial Commercial construction 3 Owner occupied commercial mortgage 19 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 6 Commercial and industrial 14 7 Total commercial 8 7 Consumer Residential mortgage 91 Revolving mortgage 58 Consumer other 36 Total consumer 88 SVB Investor dependent - early stage 10 5 Investor dependent - growth stage 11 5 Innovation C I and cash flow dependent 4 Total SVB 7 5 Total loans and leases 9 6 
 35 

Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Total consumer SVB Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases 
 (1) Term extensions include modifications in which the balloon principal payment was deferred to a later date or the loan amortization period was extended. 
 (2) Consists of million of Investor dependent - early stage loans modified with a term extension, interest rate reduction, and payment delay. 
 
 Amortized Cost of Loans Modified during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 dollars in millions Term Extension (1) 
 Payment Delay Interest Rate Reduction Term Extension (1) and Interest Rate Reduction 
 Term Extension (1) and Payment Delay 
 Other Combinations Total Percent of Total Loan Class Commercial Commercial construction Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Total consumer SVB Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases 
 (1) Term extensions include modifications in which the balloon principal payment was deferred to a later date or the loan amortization period was extended. 

36 

Owner occupied commercial mortgage 28 18 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 20 40 Commercial and industrial 16 11 Leases 11 6 Total commercial 20 26 Consumer Residential mortgage 70 11 Revolving mortgage 60 Consumer auto 29 Consumer other 57 Total consumer 66 11 SVB Investor dependent - early stage 9 8 Investor dependent - growth stage 12 8 Innovation C I and cash flow dependent 12 12 Total SVB 11 9 Total loans and leases 19 14 
 
 Financial Effects of Loan Modifications made during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 dollars in millions Weighted Average Term Extension (in Months) Weighted Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted Average Payment Delay (in Months) Amount of Principal Forgiven Commercial Commercial construction 4 Owner occupied commercial mortgage 14 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 11 Commercial and industrial 19 6 Total commercial 13 6 Consumer Residential mortgage 76 Revolving mortgage 57 Consumer auto 25 Consumer other 54 Total consumer 74 SVB Investor dependent - early stage 9 5 Investor dependent - growth stage 11 5 Innovation C I and cash flow dependent 4 Total SVB 5 5 Total loans and leases 13 6 
 
 Borrowers experiencing financial difficulties are typically identified in our credit risk management process before loan modifications occur. An assessment of whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty is reassessed or performed on the date of a modification. Since the effect of most modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty is already included in the ALLL because of the measurement methodologies used to estimate the ALLL, a change to the ALLL is generally not recorded upon modification. Upon BancShares determination that a modified loan (or portion of a loan) has subsequently been deemed uncollectible, the loan (or a portion of the loan) is charged off. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, there were million of loans modified in the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, which defaulted subsequent to modification. 
 37 

Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Revolving mortgage Total consumer SVB Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases 
 
 Modified Loans Payment Status (nine months ended September 30, 2023) 
 dollars in millions Current 30 59 Days Past Due 60 89 Days Past Due 90 Days or Greater Past Due Total Commercial Commercial construction Owner occupied commercial mortgage Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Total commercial Consumer Residential mortgage Total consumer SVB Investor dependent - early stage Investor dependent - growth stage Innovation C I and cash flow dependent Total SVB Total loans and leases 
 
 At September 30, 2024, there were million of commitments to lend additional funds to debtors experiencing financial difficulty for which the terms of the loan were modified during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. At December 31, 2023, there were million of commitments to lend additional funds to debtors experiencing financial difficulty for which the terms of the loan were modified during the year ended December 31, 2023 . 
 
 38 

Less: advances Less: letters of credit Available borrowing capacity Pledged non-PCD loans (contractual balance) FRB Lendable collateral value of pledged non-PCD loans Less: advances Available borrowing capacity Pledged non-PCD loans (contractual balance) FDIC Lendable collateral value of pledged loans Less: advances Less: Purchase Money Note Available borrowing capacity Pledged loans (contractual balance) 
 
 As a member of the FHLB, FCB can access financing based on an evaluation of its creditworthiness, statement of financial position, size and eligibility of collateral. FCB may at any time grant a security interest in, sell, convey or otherwise dispose of any of the assets used for collateral, provided that FCB is in compliance with the collateral maintenance requirement immediately following such disposition. 
 
 Under borrowing arrangements with the FRB of Richmond, BancShares has access to the FRB Discount Window on a secured basis. There were outstanding borrowings with the FRB Discount Window at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 In connection with the SVBB Acquisition, FCB and the FDIC entered into financing agreements, including the Purchase Money Note of approximately billion, and the Advance Facility Agreement, providing total advances available through March 27, 2025 of up to billion. Refer to Note 2 Business Combinations for further discussion of these agreements and related collateral requirements and limits on usage. 

39 

Provision (benefit) for loan and lease losses ) Charge-offs 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at end of period 
 
 The moderate decrease in the ALLL at September 30, 2024 compared to June 30, 2024 was primarily due to changes in credit quality and lower loan balances, partially offset by changes in the macroeconomic forecast, higher specific reserves, and the estimate related to Hurricane Helene. 
 
 Initial PCD ALLL Day 2 Provision for Loan and Lease Losses Provision (benefit) for loan and lease losses 
 ) ) Total provision (benefit) for loan and lease losses ) Charge-offs 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance at end of period 
 
 The following table presents the components of the provision for credit losses: 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Day 2 Provision for Loan and Lease Losses Provision for loan and lease losses 
 Total provision for loan and lease losses Day 2 Provision for Off-balance Sheet Credit Exposure Benefit from off-balance sheet credit exposure ) ) ) ) Total (benefit) provision for off-balance sheet credit exposure ) ) ) (Benefit) provision for investment securities available for sale credit losses ) Provision for credit losses 

40 

years. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease, and our operating leases have renewal terms that can extend from to years. The options are included in the lease term when it is determined that it is reasonably certain the option will be exercised. 
 
 Finance leases Premises and equipment Total lease assets Lease liabilities: Operating leases Other liabilities Finance leases Other borrowings Total lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease terms: Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were no leases that have not yet commenced that would have a material impact on BancShares consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Finance lease ROU asset amortization Equipment expense Variable lease cost (1) 
 Occupancy expense Sublease income Occupancy expense ) ) ) ) Net lease cost (1) 
 
 (1) Includes short-term lease cost, which is not material. 
 
 Operating lease cost is recognized as a single lease cost on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 For finance leases, the right of use ROU asset is amortized straight-line over the lease term as equipment expense and interest on the lease liability is recognized separately; however, interest on the lease liability was less than million per year and is therefore not presented in the table above. 
 
 Variable lease cost includes common area maintenance, property taxes, utilities, and other operating expenses related to leased premises recognized in the period in which the expense was incurred. Certain of our lease agreements also include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. While lease liabilities are not remeasured because of these changes, these adjustments are treated as variable lease costs and recognized in the period in which the expense is incurred. 
 
 Sublease income results from leasing excess building space that BancShares is no longer utilizing under operating leases, which have remaining lease terms of up to years. 
 
 41 

Financing cash flows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities ROU assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 
 
 Lessor 
 BancShares leases equipment to commercial end-users under operating lease and finance lease arrangements. The majority of operating lease equipment is long-lived rail equipment, which is typically leased several times over its life. We also lease technology and office equipment, and large and small industrial, medical, and transportation equipment under both operating leases and finance leases. 
 
 Variable lease income Operating leases (1) 
 Rental income on operating leases Interest income Sales type and direct financing leases Variable lease income included in Other noninterest income (2) 
 Interest income Leveraged leases Total lease income 
 (1) Primarily includes per diem railcar operating lease rental income earned on a time or mileage usage basis. 

million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. There was goodwill impairment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 Core Deposit Intangibles 
 Core deposit intangibles represent the estimated fair value of core deposits and other customer relationships acquired. Core deposit intangibles are being amortized over their estimated useful lives. 
 
 Less: amortization for the period Balance at end of period, net of accumulated amortization 
 
 The following table summarizes the accumulated amortization balance for core deposit intangibles at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 Core Deposit Intangible Accumulated Amortization 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Gross balance Less: accumulated amortization Balance, net of accumulated amortization 
 42 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Balance, net of accumulated amortization 

consolidated VIEs. 
 
 Unconsolidated VIEs 
 Unconsolidated VIEs include limited partnership interests and joint ventures where BancShares involvement is limited to an investor interest and BancShares does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance or obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 
 Other tax credit equity investments Total tax credit equity investments Other unconsolidated investments Total assets (maximum loss exposure) (1) 
 Liabilities for commitments to tax credit investments (2) 
 
 (1) Included in other assets. 
 (2) Represents commitments to invest in qualified affordable housing investments and other investments qualifying for community reinvestment tax credits. These commitments are payable on demand and are included in other liabilities. 
 
 BancShares has investments in qualified affordable housing projects primarily for the purposes of fulfilling Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 CRA requirements and obtaining tax credits. These investments are accounted for using PAM and provide tax benefits to investors in the form of tax deductions from operating losses and tax credits. Under PAM, the initial cost of the investment is amortized in proportion to the tax credits and other tax benefits received, and the net investment performance is recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Income as a component of income tax expense. 
 
 43 

Tax credits from affordable housing tax credit investments ) ) ) ) Other tax benefits from affordable housing tax credit investments ) ) ) ) Net income tax benefit from affordable housing tax credit investments (2) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Amortization is included in depreciation, amortization, and accretion, net as an adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

Accrued interest receivable Fair value of derivative financial instruments Pension assets Right of use assets for operating leases, net Income tax receivable Counterparty receivables Bank-owned life insurance Nonmarketable equity securities Other real estate owned Mortgage servicing rights Federal Home Loan Bank stock Other Total other assets 
 (1) Refer to Note 8 Variable Interest Entities for additional information. 

Checking with interest Money market Savings Time Total deposits 
 
 44 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total time deposits 
 
 billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of securities sold under agreements to repurchase that have overnight contractual maturities and are collateralized by government agency securities. 
 
 BancShares utilizes securities sold under agreements to repurchase to facilitate the needs for collateralization of commercial customers and secure wholesale funding needs. Repurchase agreements are transactions whereby BancShares offers to sell to a counterparty an undivided interest in an eligible security at an agreed upon purchase price, and which obligates BancShares to repurchase the security at an agreed upon date, repurchase price and interest rate. These agreements are recorded at the amount of cash received in connection with the transactions and are reflected as securities sold under customer repurchase agreements. 
 
 BancShares monitors collateral levels on a continuous basis and maintains records of each transaction specifically describing the applicable security and the counterparty s fractional interest in that security, and segregates the security from general assets in accordance with regulations governing custodial holdings of securities. The primary risk with repurchase agreements is market risk associated with the investments securing the transactions, as additional collateral may be required based on fair value changes of the underlying investments. Securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements are maintained with safekeeping agents. The carrying value of investment securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 45 

March 2030 Junior subordinated debentures (FCB/SC Capital Trust II) (1) 
 June 2034 Subsidiaries: Senior: Senior unsecured fixed-to-floating rate notes at 
 September 2025 (3) 
 Fixed senior unsecured notes at 
 April 2036 Subordinated: Fixed subordinated notes at 
 March 2028 Fixed-to-Fixed subordinated notes at 
 November 2029 Junior subordinated debentures (SCB Capital Trust I) (1) 
 April 2034 Secured: Purchase Money Note to FDIC fixed at (2) 
 March 2028 Capital lease obligations Maturities through May 2057 Unamortized purchase accounting adjustments ) ) Total long-term borrowings 
 (1) The borrowings were called during the first quarter of 2024, resulting in a million loss on extinguishment of debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Issued in connection with the SVBB Acquisition and secured by collateral. Refer to Note 2 Business Combinations and Note 4 Loans and Leases. 
 (3) Included a callable feature prior to maturity and the debt was redeemed in September 2024. 
 
 Pledged Assets 

46 

Interest rate contracts hedging long-term borrowings 
 Total fair value hedges (1) (4) 
 Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate contracts hedging loans (1) (4) 
 Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (Non-qualifying hedges) Interest rate contracts (1) (4) 
 ) ) Foreign exchange contracts (2) 
 ) ) Other contracts (3) 
 ) ) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) ) Gross derivatives fair values presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets ) ) Less: gross amounts offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net amount presented in other assets and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets ) ) Less: amounts subject to master netting agreements (5) 
 ) ) Less: cash collateral pledged (received) subject to master netting agreements (6) 
 ) ) Total net derivative fair value ) ) 
 (1) Fair value balances include accrued interest. 
 (2) The foreign exchange contracts exclude foreign exchange spot contracts. The notional and net fair value amounts of these contracts were million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024, and million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. 
 (3) Other derivative contracts not designated as hedging instruments include risk participation agreements and equity warrants. 
 (4) BancShares accounts for swap contracts cleared by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and LCH Clearnet as settled-to-market. As a result, variation margin payments are characterized as settlement of the derivative exposure and variation margin balances are netted against the corresponding derivative mark-to-market balances. Gross amounts of recognized assets and liabilities were lowered by million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024, which includes million and million relating to qualifying hedges, respectively. Gross amounts of recognized assets and liabilities were lowered by million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2023, which includes million and million, respectively, relating to qualifying hedges. 
 (5) BancShares derivative transactions are governed by International Swaps and Derivatives Association ISDA agreements that allow for net settlements of certain payments as well as offsetting of all contracts with a given counterparty in the event of bankruptcy or default of one of the two parties to the transaction. BancShares believes its ISDA agreements meet the definition of a master netting arrangement or similar agreement for purposes of the above disclosure. 
 (6) In conjunction with the ISDA agreements described above, BancShares has entered into collateral arrangements with its counterparties, which provide for the exchange of cash depending on the change in the market valuation of the derivative contracts outstanding. Such collateral is available to be applied in settlement of the net balances upon an event of default of one of the counterparties. Collateral pledged or received is included in other assets or deposits, respectively. 
 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 Gain (loss) on hedging instruments - borrowings Borrowings ) Loss on hedged item - time deposits Deposits ) ) Loss on hedged item - borrowings Borrowings ) Net loss on fair value hedges Total interest expense ) ) 
 
 The following table presents the carrying value of hedged items and associated cumulative hedging adjustment related to fair 
 47 

Deposits December 31, 2023 Long-term borrowings 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings Other comprehensive income on cash flow hedge derivatives Decrease in interest income on loans due to amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings ) ) 
 
 Estimate to be reclassified from AOCI to earnings during the next 12 months, net of income taxes (1) 
 Maximum number of months over which forecasted cash flows are hedged 
 (1) Reclassified amounts could differ from amounts actually recognized due to items such as changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations and the addition of other hedges. 
 
 Non-Qualifying Hedges) Foreign currency forward contracts Other noninterest income ) Other contracts Other noninterest income Total non-qualifying hedges - income statement impact ) 

48 

Commitments to fund tax credit investments Incentive plan liabilities Fair value of derivative financial instruments Accrued expenses and accounts payable Lease liabilities Reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposure Accrued interest payable Other Total other liabilities 
 (1) Primarily includes deferred taxes associated with the SVBB Acquisition. Refer to Note 2 Business Combinations for additional information. 

49 

Government agency Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Municipal bonds Total investment securities available for sale Marketable equity securities Loans held for sale Derivative assets (1) 
 Interest rate contracts qualifying hedges Interest rate contracts non-qualifying hedges Foreign exchange contracts non-qualifying hedges Other derivative contracts non-qualifying hedges Total non-qualifying hedge assets Total derivative assets Liabilities Derivative liabilities (1) 
 Interest rate contracts qualifying hedges Interest rate contracts non-qualifying hedges Foreign exchange contracts non-qualifying hedges Other derivative contracts non-qualifying hedges Total non-qualifying hedge liabilities Total derivative liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Investment securities available for sale U.S. Treasury Government agency Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Municipal bonds Total investment securities available for sale Marketable equity securities Loans held for sale Derivative assets (1) 
 Interest rate contracts qualifying hedges Interest rate contracts non-qualifying hedges Foreign exchange contracts non-qualifying hedges Other derivative contracts non-qualifying hedges Total non-qualifying hedge assets Total derivative assets Liabilities Derivative liabilities (1) 
 Interest rate contracts qualifying hedges Interest rate contracts non-qualifying hedges Foreign exchange contracts non-qualifying hedges Other derivative contracts non-qualifying hedges Total non-qualifying hedge liabilities Total derivative liabilities 
 
 50 

Indicative bid provided by broker Multiple factors, including but not limited to, current operations, financial condition, cash flows, and recently executed financing transactions related to the issuer. Interest rate other derivative non-qualifying hedges Internal valuation model Multiple factors, including but not limited to, private company valuation, illiquidity discount, and estimated life of the instrument. Liabilities Interest rate other derivative non-qualifying hedges Internal valuation model Not material 
 
 51 

Purchases Changes in fair value included in earnings ) Changes in fair value included in comprehensive income ) Transfers in Transfers out Maturity and settlements ) Ending balance 
 
 Fair Value Option 

BancShares has elected the fair value option for residential mortgage loans originated for sale. This election reduces certain timing differences in the Consolidated Statements of Income and better aligns with the management of the portfolio from a business perspective. The changes in fair value that were recorded as a component of mortgage income were insignificant for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Interest earned on loans held for sale is recorded within interest income on loans and leases in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 originated loans held for sale were 90 or more days past due or on nonaccrual status as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

52 

) Loans - collateral dependent loans ) Other real estate owned Total ) December 31, 2023 Assets held for sale - loans ) Loans - collateral dependent loans ) Other real estate owned Total ) 
 
 Certain other assets are adjusted to their fair value on a non-recurring basis, including certain loans, OREO, and goodwill, which are periodically tested for impairment. Most loans held for investment, deposits, and borrowings are not reported at fair value. 
 
 The methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis are as follows: 
 
 Assets held for sale - loans. Loans held for investment subsequently transferred to held for sale are carried at the LOCOM. When available, the fair values for the transferred loans are based on quoted prices from the purchase commitments for the individual loans being transferred and are considered Level 1 inputs. The fair value of Level 2 assets was primarily estimated based on prices of recent trades of similar assets. For other loans held for sale, the fair value of Level 3 assets was primarily measured under the income approach using the discounted cash flow model based on Level 3 inputs including discount rate or the price of committed trades. 
 
 Loans - collateral dependent loans. The population of Level 3 loans measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis includes collateral-dependent loans evaluated individually. Collateral values are determined using appraisals or other third-party value estimates of the subject property discounted based on estimated selling costs, and adjustments for other external factors that may impact the marketability of the collateral. 
 
 Other real estate owned. OREO is carried at LOCOM. OREO asset valuations are determined by using appraisals or other third-party value estimates of the subject property with discounts, generally between and , applied for estimated selling costs and other external factors that may impact the marketability of the property. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the weighted average discount applied was and , respectively. Changes to the value of the assets between scheduled valuation dates are monitored through continued communication with brokers and monthly reviews by the asset manager assigned to each asset. If there are any significant changes in the market or the subject property, valuations are adjusted or new appraisals are ordered to ensure the reported values reflect the most current information. 
 
 53 

Interest-earning deposits at banks Securities purchased under agreements to resell Investment in marketable equity securities Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Loans held for sale Net loans Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank stock Mortgage servicing rights Derivative assets - qualifying hedges Derivative assets - non-qualifying hedges Financial Liabilities Deposits with no stated maturity Time deposits Credit balances of factoring clients Securities sold under customer repurchase agreements Long-term borrowings Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities - qualifying hedges Derivative liabilities - non-qualifying hedges December 31, 2023 Estimated Fair Value Carrying Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits at banks Securities purchased under agreements to resell Investment in marketable equity securities Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Loans held for sale Net loans Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank stock Mortgage servicing rights Derivative assets - qualifying hedges Derivative assets - non-qualifying hedges Financial Liabilities Deposits with no stated maturity Time deposits Credit balances of factoring clients Securities sold under customer repurchase agreements Long-term borrowings Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities - qualifying hedges Derivative liabilities - non-qualifying hedges 
 54 

million and million, respectively, as a required minimum deposit under the Advance Facility Agreement. 
 
 Net loans. The carrying value of net loans is net of the ALLL. Loans are generally valued by discounting expected cash flows using market inputs with adjustments based on cohort level assumptions for certain loan types as well as internally developed estimates at a business segment level. Due to the significance of the unobservable market inputs and assumptions, as well as the absence of a liquid secondary market for most loans, these loans are classified as Level 3. Certain loans are measured based on observable market prices sourced from external data providers and classified as Level 2. Nonaccrual loans are written down and reported at their estimated recovery value, which approximates their fair value, and classified as Level 3. 
 
 Securities Purchased Under Agreement to Resell. The fair value of securities purchased under agreement to resell equal the carrying value due to the short term nature, generally overnight, and therefore present an insignificant risk of change in fair value due to changes in market interest rate, and classified as Level 2. 
 
 Investment securities held to maturity. BancShares portfolio of debt securities held to maturity consists of mortgage-backed securities issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, U.S. Treasury notes, unsecured bonds issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, and securities issued by the Supranational Entities Multilateral Development Banks. We primarily use prices obtained from pricing services to determine the fair value of securities, which are Level 2 inputs. 
 
 FHLB stock. The carrying amount of FHLB stock is a reasonable estimate of fair value, as these securities are not readily marketable and are evaluated for impairment based on the ultimate recoverability of the par value. BancShares considers positive and negative evidence, including the profitability and asset quality of the issuer, dividend payment history and recent redemption experience, when determining the ultimate recoverability of the par value. BancShares investment in FHLB stock is ultimately recoverable at par. The inputs used in the fair value measurement for the FHLB stock are considered Level 2 inputs. 
 
 Mortgage servicing rights MSRs ). MSRs are initially recorded at fair value and subsequently carried at the lower of amortized cost or market. Therefore, servicing rights are carried at fair value only when fair value is less than the amortized cost. The fair value of MSRs is determined using a pooling methodology. Similar loans are pooled together and a model which relies on discount rates, estimates of prepayment rates and the weighted average cost to service the loans is used to determine the fair value. The inputs used in the fair value measurement for MSRs are considered Level 3 inputs. 
 
 Deposits. The estimated fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as demand deposit accounts, money market accounts, and savings accounts was the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of time deposits was estimated based on a discounted cash flow technique using Level 2 inputs appropriate to the contractual maturity. 
 
 Credit balances of factoring clients. The impact of the time value of money from the unobservable discount rate for credit balances of factoring clients is inconsequential due to the short term nature of these balances, therefore, the fair value approximated carrying value, and the credit balances are classified as Level 3. 
 
 Short-term borrowed funds. Includes repurchase agreements and certain other short-term borrowings. The fair value approximates carrying value and are classified as Level 2. 
 
 Long-term borrowings. For certain long-term senior and subordinated unsecured borrowings, the fair values are sourced from a third-party pricing service. The fair values of other long-term borrowings are determined by discounting future cash flows using current interest rates for similar financial instruments. The inputs used in the fair value measurement for FHLB borrowings, senior and subordinated debentures, and other borrowings are classified as Level 2. 
 
 For all other financial assets and financial liabilities, the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of the fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The carrying value and fair value for these assets and liabilities are equivalent because they are relatively short-term in nature and there is no interest rate or credit risk that would cause the fair value to differ from the carrying value. Cash and due from banks, and interest-earning deposits at banks, are classified on the fair value hierarchy as Level 1. Accrued interest receivable and accrued interest payable are classified as Level 2. 
 
 55 

Shares purchased under authorized repurchase plan ) Restricted stock units vested, net of shares held to cover taxes Common stock - September 30, 2024 Common stock - December 31, 2023 Shares purchased under authorized repurchase plan ) Restricted stock units vested, net of shares held to cover taxes Common stock - September 30, 2024 
 
 Common Stock 
 The Parent Company has Class A common stock and Class B Common stock, each with a par value of . Class A common stockholders have vote per share while Class B common stockholders have votes per share. 
 
 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 Series B January 3, 2022 January 4, 2027 SOFR + 
 Series C January 3, 2022 January 4, 2027 
 
 Dividends on BancShares Series A, B, and C Preferred Stock (together, BancShares Preferred Stock will be paid when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company, or a duly authorized committee thereof, to the extent that the Parent Company has lawfully available funds to pay dividends. If declared, dividends with respect to the BancShares Preferred Stock will accrue and be payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15 of each year. Dividends on the BancShares Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. For further description of BancShares Preferred Stock, refer to Note 17 Stockholders Equity in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 ) ) ) Unrealized loss on securities available for sale transferred to held to maturity ) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension items ) ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge derivatives ) Total accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 56 

) ) AOCI activity before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings Other comprehensive income (loss) for the period ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) AOCI activity before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings Other comprehensive (loss) income for the period ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income 
 The amounts included in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income are net of income taxes. 
 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings ) realized loss on sales of investment securities available for sale, net; ) provision for credit losses 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) on securities available for sale ) ) ) Unrealized loss on securities available for sale transferred to held to maturity: Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings Interest on investment securities Other comprehensive income on securities available for sale transferred to held to maturity Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge derivatives: AOCI activity before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings Interest and fees on loans Other comprehensive income on cash flow hedge derivatives ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 57 

) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings ) Realized loss on sale of investment securities, net Other comprehensive income (loss) on securities available for sale ) ) ) Unrealized loss on securities available for sale transferred to held to maturity: Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings Interest on investment securities Other comprehensive income on securities available for sale transferred to held to maturity Defined benefit pension items: Other comprehensive (loss) income for defined benefit pension items ) ) ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge derivatives: AOCI activity before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings Interest and fees on loans Other comprehensive income on cash flow hedge derivatives ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 

Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic shares outstanding Stock-based awards Diluted shares outstanding Earnings per common share Basic Diluted 

58 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to the release of state valuation allowances in the prior year period. The increase in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to the effects of the non-taxable nature of the gain on acquisition relating to the SVBB Acquisition in the prior year period. 
 
 The quarterly income tax expense is based on a projection of BancShares annual ETR. This annual ETR is applied to the year-to-date consolidated pretax income to determine the interim provision for income taxes before discrete items. The ETR each period is also impacted by a number of factors, including the relative mix of domestic and international earnings, effects of changes in enacted tax laws, adjustments to the valuation allowances, and discrete items. The currently forecasted ETR may vary from the actual year-end 2024 ETR due to the changes in these factors. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Benefits 
 BancShares recognizes tax benefits when it is more likely than not that the position will prevail, based solely on the technical merits under the tax law of the relevant jurisdiction. BancShares will recognize the tax benefit if the position meets this recognition threshold determined based on the largest amount of the benefit that is more than likely to be realized. 
 
 Net Operating Loss Carryforwards and Valuation Adjustments 

Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit ) ) ) ) 

59 

60 

61 

) Provision for credit losses Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Select Period End Balances Loans and leases Operating lease equipment, net Deposits Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 General Bank Commercial Bank SVB Commercial Rail Corporate Total BancShares Net interest income (expense) ) Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Select Period End Balances Loans and leases Operating lease equipment, net Deposits 

62 

) Provision for credit losses Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 General Bank Commercial Bank SVB Commercial Rail Corporate Total BancShares Net interest income (expense) ) Provision for credit losses Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income 

Letters of Credit Standby letters of credit Other letters of credit Deferred Purchase Agreements Purchase and Funding Commitments (1) 
 
 (1) BancShares purchase and funding commitments relate to the equipment leasing businesses commitments to fund Rail s railcar manufacturer purchase and upgrade commitments. 
 
 Financing Commitments 
 Commitments to extend credit are legally binding agreements to lend to customers. These commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of fees. Established credit standards control the credit risk exposure associated with these commitments. In some cases, BancShares requires collateral be pledged to secure the commitment, including cash deposits, securities and other assets. 
 
 Financing commitments, referred to as loan commitments or lines of credit, primarily reflect BancShares agreements to lend to its customers, subject to the customers compliance with contractual obligations. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, substantially all undrawn financing commitments were senior facilities. Financing commitments also include million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to off-balance sheet commitments to fund equity investments. Commitments to fund equity investments are contingent on events that have yet to occur and may be subject to change. 
 63 

million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of borrowings for such clients, is the maximum amount that BancShares would be required to pay under all DPAs. This maximum amount would only occur if all receivables subject to DPAs default in the manner described above, thereby requiring BancShares to purchase all such receivables from the DPA clients. 
 
 The table above includes billion and billion of DPA exposures at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to receivables on which BancShares has assumed the credit risk. The table also includes million and million available under DPA credit line agreements provided at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The DPA credit line agreements specify a contractually committed amount of DPA credit protection and are cancellable by us only after a notice period, which is typically 90 days or less. 

64 

million in excess of any established reserves and any insurance we reasonably believe we will collect related to those matters. This estimate represents reasonably possible losses (in excess of established reserves and insurance) over the life of such Litigation, which may span a currently indeterminable number of years, and is based on information currently available as of September 30, 2024. The Litigation matters underlying the estimated range will change from time to time, and actual results may vary significantly from this estimate. 
 
 Those Litigation matters for which an estimate is not reasonably possible or as to which a loss does not appear to be reasonably possible, based on current information, are not included within this estimated range and, therefore, this estimated range does not represent BancShares maximum loss exposure. 
 
 The foregoing statements about BancShares Litigation are based on BancShares judgments, assumptions, and estimates and are necessarily subjective and uncertain. In the event of unexpected future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these cases, matters, and proceedings, if unfavorable, may be material to BancShares consolidated financial position in a particular period. 

65 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis MD A of earnings and related financial data is presented to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (the Parent Company and, when including all of its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, we, us, our, or BancShares and its banking subsidiary, First-Citizens Bank Trust Company FCB ). Unless otherwise noted, the terms we, us, our, and BancShares in this section refer to the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations for BancShares. 
 
 This MD A is expected to provide our investors with a view of our financial condition and results of operations from our management s perspective. This MD A should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes presented within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Form 10-Q ), along with our consolidated financial statements and related MD A of financial condition and results of operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 2023 Form 10-K ). Throughout this MD A, references to a specific Note refer to Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Although certain amounts for prior years have been reclassified to conform with financial statement presentations for 2024, the reclassifications had no effect on stockholders equity or net income as previously reported. Refer to Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. 
 
 Management uses certain financial measures that are not presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP in its analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of BancShares. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measurements" section of this MD A for a reconciliation of these financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with GAAP. 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 
 The Parent Company is a bank holding company BHC and financial holding company. The Parent Company is regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB under the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. The Parent Company is also registered under the BHC laws of North Carolina and is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks (the NCCOB ). BancShares conducts its banking operations through its wholly owned subsidiary, FCB, a state-chartered bank organized under the laws of the state of North Carolina. FCB is regulated by the NCCOB. In addition, FCB, as an insured depository institution, is supervised by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ). 
 
 BancShares provides financial services for a wide range of consumer and commercial clients. This includes retail and mortgage banking, wealth management, small and middle market banking, factoring and leasing. BancShares provides commercial factoring, receivables management and secured financing services to businesses (generally manufacturers or importers of goods) that operate in various industries, including apparel, textile, furniture, home furnishings and consumer electronics. BancShares also provides deposit, cash management and lending to homeowner associations and property management companies. BancShares also owns a fleet of railcars and locomotives that are leased to railroads and shippers. 
 
 BancShares delivers banking products and services to its customers through an extensive branch network and additionally operates a nationwide digital banking platform that delivers deposit products to consumers (the Direct Bank ). Services offered at most branches include accepting deposits, cashing checks and providing for consumer and commercial cash needs. Consumer and business customers may also conduct banking transactions through various digital channels. 
 
 In addition to our banking operations, we provide various investment products and services through FCB s wholly owned subsidiaries, including First Citizens Investor Services, Inc. FCIS and First Citizens Asset Management, Inc. FCAM ), and a non-bank subsidiary First Citizens Capital Securities, LLC FCCS ). As a registered broker-dealer, FCIS provides a full range of investment products, including annuities, brokerage services and third-party mutual funds. As registered investment advisers, FCIS and FCAM provide investment management services and advice. FCCS is a broker-dealer that also provides underwriting and private placement services. We also have other wholly owned subsidiaries, including SVB Wealth LLC, SVB Asset Management, and First Citizens Institutional Asset Management, LLC, which are active investment advisers. 
 
 The SVBB Acquisition (defined below) expanded our client base to serve private equity and venture capital clients and also complimented our existing wealth management business by adding enhanced digital capabilities. The SVBB Acquisition further diversified our loan portfolio and business mix, particularly across technology, life science and healthcare industries, and wealth clients. 
 
 66 

Refer to Note 20 Business Segment Information for further information regarding the products and services we provide. 
 
 Refer to the 2023 Form 10-K for a discussion of our strategy. 

Recent Events 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On July 25, 2024, BancShares announced that its Board of Directors (the Board authorized a share repurchase program, which allows BancShares to repurchase shares of its Class A common stock in an aggregate amount up to 3.5 billion through 2025. During the third quarter of 2024, we repurchased approximately 700 million of our Class A common stock. Refer to Part II, Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds for additional information regarding repurchase activity during the current quarter and through October 31, 2024 . 
 
 Under the authorized share repurchase program, shares of BancShares Class A common stock may be purchased from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, including through a Rule 10b5-1 plan, but the Board s action does not obligate BancShares to repurchase any minimum or particular number of shares, and repurchases may be suspended or discontinued at any time (subject to the terms of any Rule 10b5-1 plan in effect) without prior notice. 
 
 Hurricanes Helene and Milton 
 On September 26, 2024, Hurricane Helene Helene made landfall in the Big Bend area of the Florida Gulf Coast as a Category 4 hurricane. Helene's most significant impacts were across the southern Appalachians, where widespread and severe flooding occurred. On October 9, 2024, Hurricane Milton made landfall in the central west coast of Florida and caused extensive damage and flooding across the Florida peninsula. The operations of our branches and offices were not significantly affected. At September 30, 2024, we estimated a 20 million loan loss reserve related to Helene, which will continue to be assessed as further information becomes available. 
 
 Segment Updates 
 We made changes to our segment reporting during the first quarter of 2024 as further discussed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. Segment disclosures for 2023 periods included in this Form 10-Q were recast to reflect the segment reporting changes. BancShares segments include General Bank, Commercial Bank, SVB Commercial, and Rail. All other financial information not allocated to the segments is included in the Corporate section of the segment disclosures. Refer to Note 20 Business Segment Information for the segment descriptions and the section entitled Results by Business Segment in this MD A. 
 
 Updates to Loan Classes 
 We updated our loan classes during the first quarter of 2024 as further discussed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. Loan and lease and allowance for loan and lease losses ALLL disclosures for 2023 periods included in this Form 10-Q were recast to reflect the changes in loan classes. 
 
 SVBB Acquisition 
 On March 27, 2023 (the SVBB Acquisition Date ), FCB acquired substantially all loans and certain other assets and assumed all customer deposits and certain other liabilities of Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. SVBB from the FDIC pursuant to the terms of a purchase and assumption agreement by and among FCB, the FDIC, and the FDIC, as receiver of SVBB (the SVBB Acquisition ). 
 
 The SVBB Acquisition is further discussed in Note 2 Business Combinations. 

67 

Recent Economic, Industry and Regulatory Developments 
 
 During its September 2024 meeting, the FRB s Federal Open Market Committee FOMC reduced the benchmark federal funds rate to a range between 4.75 - 5.00 . In its statement, the FOMC said it gained greater confidence that inflation is moving sustainably toward 2 percent, and therefore lowered the target range for the federal funds rate by 0.50 . The FOMC followed this with a further 0.25 reduction at its November 2024 meeting to reduce the benchmark federal funds rate to a range between 4.50 - 4.75 . 
 
 During 2023, the FDIC finalized a notice of proposed rulemaking NPR covering an industry-wide special assessment to recover losses associated with protecting uninsured depositors following the closures of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank, and First Republic Bank. We accrued a FDIC insurance special assessment charge of 64 million in 2023 that is payable in eight quarterly installments beginning in 2024. In 2024, the FDIC revised its loss estimate, indicating higher losses than originally estimated to the deposit insurance fund. As a result, we accrued an additional FDIC insurance special assessment charge of approximately 11 million in 2024. The additional FDIC insurance special assessment charge will be paid in two quarterly installments beginning in 2026. The projected number of additional quarters and the estimated rate applicable to those quarters are subject to change depending on any adjustments to estimated losses or amendments to uninsured deposits. 
 
 Also in 2023, the federal banking agencies issued NPRs related to enhanced capital and long-term debt requirements for banking organizations with 100 billion or more in total assets. These NPRs were discussed in Item 1. Business of our 2023 Form 10-K , in the section entitled Regulatory Considerations. We are in the process of evaluating the proposals and the potential impacts. If the NPRs are finalized, we expect we would need to raise additional long-term debt to satisfy the requirements. 
 
 On June 20, 2024, the FDIC adopted a final rule to amend its Covered Insured Depository Institution rule CIDI Rule ). The CIDI Rule requires depository institutions insured by the FDIC with 50 billion or more in total consolidated assets to periodically submit resolution plans that will enable the FDIC as receiver to resolve the bank in the event of its insolvency under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. As a covered insured depository institution in group A under the CIDI Rule, we will be required to, among other things, submit to the FDIC full resolution plans every three years and interim targeted information between full resolution plan submissions. In addition, the final rule introduces a new credibility standard that will be used to evaluate full resolution plan submissions, which would be subject to potential FDIC enforcement action. While the final rule became effective beginning October 1, 2024, our first submission under the new regulatory reporting requirements will not be due until 2025. 

Financial Performance Summary 
 
 The following tables in this MD A include financial data for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (the current quarter ), the three months ended June 30, 2024 (the linked quarter ), the three months ended September 30, 2023 (the prior year quarter ), the nine months ended September 30, 2024 current YTD ), and the nine months ended September 30, 2023 prior YTD ). The operations acquired in the SVBB Acquisition (the acquired SVBB operations were included in our results of operations for the current YTD, but only from the SVBB Acquisition Date through September 30, 2023 (the partial prior YTD ). Many year-to-date comparisons in this MD A highlight the impact of including the acquired SVBB operations for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD. 
 
 In accordance with Item 303(c) of Regulation S-K, we focus on changes compared to the linked quarter and year-to-date periods for the narrative discussion and analysis of our results of operations as we believe this provides investors and other users of our data with the most relevant information. 
 
 We primarily focus the discussion of our financial position by comparing balances as of September 30, 2024 to December 31, 2023, but the tables also provide the linked quarter balances. 

68 

The following table summarizes BancShares results: 
 
 Table 1 
 Selected Financial Data 
 dollars in millions, except share data Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Results of Operations: Interest income 3,138 3,130 3,110 9,352 7,274 Interest expense 1,342 1,309 1,120 3,918 2,473 Net interest income 1,796 1,821 1,990 5,434 4,801 Provision for credit losses 117 95 192 276 1,126 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 1,679 1,726 1,798 5,158 3,675 Noninterest income 650 639 615 1,916 11,532 Noninterest expense 1,456 1,386 1,416 4,218 3,843 Income before income taxes 873 979 997 2,856 11,364 Income tax expense 234 272 245 779 412 Net income 639 707 752 2,077 10,952 Preferred stock dividends 15 16 15 46 44 Net income available to common stockholders 624 691 737 2,031 10,908 Per Common Share Information: Weighted average common shares outstanding (diluted) 14,375,974 14,534,499 14,539,133 14,481,919 14,539,383 Diluted earnings per common share 43.42 47.54 50.67 140.26 750.19 Key Performance Metrics: Return on average assets 1.15 1.30 1.41 1.27 7.81 Net interest margin (1) 
 3.53 3.64 4.07 3.62 3.95 Net interest margin, excluding purchase accounting accretion (1)(3) 
 3.33 3.36 3.52 3.35 3.50 Select Average Balances: Investment securities 38,189 36,445 24,388 35,769 21,222 Total loans and leases (2) 
 139,115 137,514 133,248 136,804 114,496 Operating lease equipment, net 9,028 8,888 8,617 8,908 8,421 Total assets 220,466 218,891 211,994 218,487 187,429 Total deposits 151,472 150,246 144,043 149,817 125,290 Total stockholders equity 22,851 22,052 20,116 22,197 17,002 Select Ending Balances: Investment securities 38,663 37,666 26,818 Total loans and leases 138,695 139,341 133,202 Operating lease equipment, net 9,186 8,945 8,661 Total assets 220,567 219,827 213,765 Total deposits 151,574 151,079 146,233 Total stockholders equity 22,828 22,487 20,389 Loan to deposit ratio 91.50 92.23 91.09 Noninterest-bearing deposits to total deposits 25.99 26.49 29.50 Capital Ratios: Common equity Tier 1 13.24 13.33 13.24 Tier 1 risk-based capital 13.78 13.87 13.83 Total risk-based capital 15.36 15.45 15.64 Tier 1 leverage 10.17 10.29 9.73 Asset Quality: Ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans 0.90 0.82 0.68 Allowance for loan and lease losses to loans ratio 1.21 1.22 1.26 Net charge off ratio 0.42 0.38 0.53 0.37 0.45 
 (1) Calculated net of average credit balances and deposits of factoring clients. 
 (2) Average loan balances include loans held for sale and nonaccrual loans. 
 (3) Net interest margin NIM ), excluding purchase accounting accretion or amortization PAA ), is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the NIM, Excluding PAA item in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this MD A for a reconciliation from the most comparable GAAP measure to the non-GAAP measure. 
 69 

Financial highlights are summarized below. Further details are discussed in the Results of Operations section of this MD A. 
 
 Third Quarter Income Statement Highlights 
 Net income for the current quarter was 639 million, a decrease of 68 million or 10 from 707 million for the linked quarter. Net income available to common stockholders for the current quarter was 624 million, a decrease of 67 million or 10 from 691 million for the linked quarter. Earnings per diluted common share for the current quarter was 43.42, a decrease from 47.54 for the linked quarter. 
 As further discussed below, the decreases were mai nly due to higher noninterest expense. Other changes in net income included lower net interest income NII and higher provision for credit losses , which were partially offset by higher noninterest income. 
 Select items in the current quarter and linked quarter included acquisition-related expenses of 46 million and 44 million, respectively. 
 Return on average assets for the current quarter was 1.15 compared to 1.30 for the linked quarter. 
 NII for the current quarter was 1.80 billion, a decrease of 25 million compared to the linked quarter as the 33 million increase in interest expense was partially offset by an 8 million increase in interest income. The 33 million increase in interest expense was mostly related to growth in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits. The 8 million increase in interest income was mainly due to the higher average loan balance, partially offset by lower loan accretion income. NII excluding PAA for the current quarter was 1.70 billion, an increase from 1.68 billion for the linked quarter. Refer to the NIM, Excluding PAA item in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this MD A for a reconciliation from the most comparable GAAP measure to the non-GAAP measure. 
 NIM for the current quarter was 3.53 , a decrease of 11 basis points bps from 3.64 for the linked quarter, primarily related to lower PAA and the items discussed above for NII. NIM, excluding PAA, was 3.33 compared to 3.36 in the linked quarter. Refer to the NIM, Excluding PAA item in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this MD A for a reconciliation from the most comparable GAAP measure to the non-GAAP measure. 
 Provision for credit losses was 117 million in the current quarter compared to 95 million in the linked quarter. The increase of 22 million was the result of a 28 million increase in the provision for loan and lease losses, partially offset by a 6 million increase in the benefit for off-balance sheet credit exposure. The higher provision for loan and lease losses is mainly attributable to an estimate of 20 million related to Helene, as well as increases in net charge-offs and specific reserves, partially offset by changes in credit quality and lower loan balances. 
 Noninterest income for the current quarter was 650 million, an increase of 11 million or 2 from 639 million for the linked quarter. The increase in noninterest income included an 11 million improvement from the linked quarter for fair value adjustments on marketable equity securities, a 4 million increase in fees income and other service charges, mainly due to higher capital market fees, and a realized 4 million gain on sale of marketable equity securities. The remaining change included an 18 million decline in other noninterest income, mainly attributable to fair value changes in customer derivative positions and other nonmarketable investments, and an increase of 10 million spread among the remaining noninterest income items. 
 Noninterest expense for the current quarter was 1.46 billion, an increase of 70 million or 5 from 1.39 billion for the linked quarter, primarily attributable to increases of 43 million in salaries and benefits and 18 million in professional fees. The remaining increases were spread among various noninterest expense line items . 
 
 Year-to-Date Income Statement Highlights 
 Net income for the current YTD was 2.08 billion, a decrease of 8.88 billion or 81 from 10.95 billion for the prior YTD. Net income available to common stockholders for the current YTD was 2.03 billion, a decrease of 8.88 billion from 10.91 billion for the prior YTD. Earnings per diluted common share for the current YTD was 140.26, a decrease from 750.19 for the prior YTD. 
 The decreases were mostly r elated to the SVBB Acquisition. Noninterest income was lower for the current YTD as the prior YTD included the 9.89 billion gain on acquisition. This was partially offset by a lower provision for credit losses for the current YTD as the prior YTD included the provision for non-purchased credit deteriorated Non-PCD loans and leases and the unfunded commitments acquired in the SVBB Acquisition (collectively, the Day 2 Provision for Credit Losses ). 
 As further discussed belo w, other changes in net income included higher NII, which was partially offset by higher noninterest expenses. Additionally, the acquired SVBB operations were reflected in earnings for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD. 

70 

The current YTD included the following select items: 
 Acquisition-related expenses of 148 million, and 
 Additional FDIC insurance special assessment of 11 million. 
 The prior YTD included the following select items: 
 Gain on acquisition of 9.89 billion for the SVBB Acquisition , 
 Day 2 Provision for Credit Losses of 716 million for the SVBB Acquisition, 
 Loss of 12 million , primarily on the sale of municipal bonds acquired in the SVBB Acquisition, and 
 Acquisition-related expenses of 354 million. 
 Return on average assets for the current YTD was 1.27 compared to 7.81 for the prior YTD. 
 NII for the current YTD was 5.43 billion, an increase of 633 million or 13 from 4.80 billion for the prior YTD. The increase was primarily due to the acquired SVBB operations being included for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD. Additionally, interest income increased in the current YTD due to higher interest income on loans and investment securities, which was partially offset by higher interest expense on interest-bearing deposits and borrowings and lower loan accretion income. 
 NIM for the current YTD was 3.62 , a decrease of 33 bps from 3.95 for the prior YTD. The decrease in NIM from higher average balances of interest-bearing deposits and the Purchase Money Note, higher rates paid on deposits, and lower PAA income were partially offset by the NIM impact of higher average balances and yields on loans and investment securities. NIM, excluding PAA, was 3.35 for the current YTD compared to 3.50 for the prior YTD. Refer to the NIM, Excluding PAA item in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this MD A for a reconciliation from the most comparable GAAP measure to the non-GAAP measure. 
 Provision for credit losses for the current YTD was 276 million, a decrease of 850 million from 1.13 billion for the prior YTD. The decrease was primarily related to the Day 2 Provision for Credit Losses of 716 million in the prior YTD and changes in the macroeconomic forecast, partially offset by the estimated loan loss provision related to Helene. 
 Noninterest income for the current YTD was 1.92 billion, a decrease of 9.62 billion from 11.53 billion for the prior YTD. The decrease was mostly due to the gain on acquisition of 9.89 billion in the prior YTD, partially offset by increases in various components of noninterest income, mostly because the acquired SVBB operations were reflected in earnings for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD . 
 Noninterest expense for the current YTD was 4.22 billion, an increase of 375 million or 10 from 3.84 billion. The increase was mostly due to the acquired SVBB operations being included for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD, including higher salaries and benefits, partially offset by lower acquisition-related expenses. 
 
 Balance Sheet Highlights 
 Loans and leases at September 30, 2024 were 138.70 billion, an increase of 5.39 billion or 4 from 133.30 billion at December 31, 2023 and a decrease of 646 million or 1 from 139.34 billion at June 30, 2024. Compared to December 31, 2023, there was loan growth in each of our business segments. Loan growth in the General Bank segment was primarily related to business and commercial loans in our Branch Network. Loan growth in the Commercial Bank segment was mainly due to the technology media and telecommunications TMT and the Healthcare industry verticals. Loan growth in the SVB Commercial segment was concentrated in global fund banking loans. 
 Compared to June 30, 2024, the decrease in the SVB Commercial segment of 2.12 billion was primarily due to declines in global fund banking as repayment levels outpaced draw activity on new lines of credit. The decline in the SVB Commercial segment loans was partially offset by loan growth in the General Bank and Commercial Bank segment loan portfolios discussed above. 
 Investment securities at September 30, 2024 were 38.66 billion, an increase of 8.66 billion or 29 from 30.00 billion at December 31, 2023 and an increase of 997 million or 3 from 37.67 billion at June 30, 2024. Compared to December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, the increases were primarily due to purchases of short-duration U.S. agency mortgage-backed and U.S. Treasury investment securities. 
 Deposits at September 30, 2024 were 151.57 billion, an increase of 5.72 billion or 4 from 145.85 billion at December 31, 2023 and an increase of 495 million or 0.3 from 151.08 billion at June 30, 2024. The increase from December 31, 2023 reflected deposit growth in our Branch Network in the General Bank segment, the Direct Bank in Corporate, and in the SVB Commercial segment. The increase from June 30, 2024 reflected deposit growth in our Branch Network and SVB Commercial segment, partially offset by declines in the Commercial Bank segment and Direct Bank. 
 71 

Borrowings at September 30, 2024 were 37.16 billion, a decrease of 493 million from 37.65 billion at December 31, 2023 and a decrease of 297 million from 37.46 billion at June 30, 2024. The decrease from December 31, 2023 was mostly due to the current quarter redemption of our 2.969 senior unsecured borrowings, along with declines in securities sold under customer purchase agreements and the Purchase Money Note. The decrease from June 30, 2024 reflected the unsecured senior borrowings redemption, partially offset by higher securities sold under customer purchase agreements. 
 At September 30, 2024, BancShares remained well capitalized with a total risk-based capital ratio of 15.36 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 13.78 , a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 13.24 and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 10.17 . 
 
 Funding, Liquidity and Capital Overview 
 
 Deposit Composition and Trends 
 We fund our business primarily through deposits. Deposits represented approximately 80 of total funding at September 30, 2024. The following table summarizes the composition, average size and uninsured percentages of our deposits: 
 
 Table 2 
 Select Deposit Data 
 Deposits as of September 30, 2024 Ending Balance (in millions) Average Size (in thousands) Uninsured General Bank segment 72,169 35 36 Commercial Bank segment 2,754 232 84 SVB Commercial segment 35,945 502 72 Corporate and Rail segment (1) 
 40,706 56 8 Total 151,574 53 39 
 (1) The average size is reflective of the Direct Bank deposits and excludes brokered deposits and rail. 
 
 The General Bank segment includes deposits from our Branch Network, which deploys a relationship-based approach to deposit gathering. The Commercial Bank segment includes deposits of commercial customers, and the SVB Commercial segment includes deposits related to its commercial customer base. Deposits in Corporate mainly included 39.50 billion in our Direct Bank, with the remaining primarily comprised of brokered deposits. 
 
 As displayed in the table above, the average size of deposits varies across our business segments. The uninsured percentage is the percentage of uninsured deposits to total deposits at period end for the respective segments and Corporate. At September 30, 2024, total uninsured deposits were approximately 58.59 billion or 39 of total deposits. Uninsured deposits were 54.15 billion or 37 of total deposits at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Table 3 
 Deposit Trends 
 dollars in millions Deposit Balance September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 General Bank segment 72,169 71,479 68,729 Commercial Bank segment 2,754 2,958 3,228 SVB Commercial segment 35,945 35,891 34,730 Corporate and Rail segment 40,706 40,751 39,167 Total deposits 151,574 151,079 145,854 
 
 Aggregate deposits for our General Bank segment and Corporate increased from December 31, 2023, primarily from deposit growth in our Branch Network and Direct Bank, respectively. SVB Commercial segment deposits increased from 34.73 billion at December 31, 2023 to 35.95 billion at September 30, 2024, mainly due to slight improvement in the macroeconomic environment and increases in client acquisitions . Deposit growth in the current quarter was mostly from our Branch Network. Refer to Deposit Concentrations in the Deposits section later in this MD A for additional information on SVB Commercial segment deposits. 
 
 Liquidity Position 
 We strive to maintain a strong liquidity position, and our risk appetite for liquidity is low. At September 30, 2024, we had 58.36 billion in high-quality liquid assets consisting of 24.71 billion in cash and interest-earning deposits at banks (primarily held at the FRB) and 33.65 billion in high-quality liquid securities HQLS ). Additionally, we have unused borrowing capacity with the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB and FRB of 15.80 billion and 5.62 billion, respectively. 
 72 

In connection with the SVBB Acquisition, FCB and the FDIC, as lender and as collateral agent, entered into the Advance Facility Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2023, and effective as of November 20, 2023 (the Advance Facility Agreement ), providing total advances available through March 27, 2025 of up to 70 billion, subject to limits subsequently described in this MD A as referenced below. The immediate available capacity of the Advance Facility Agreement was 8.13 billion at September 30, 2024. Refer to the Liquidity Risk section of this MD A for further discussion. 
 
 Investment Securities Duration 
 At September 30, 2024, our investment securities portfolio primarily consisted of debt securities available for sale and held to maturity as summarized below. The duration of our investment securities was approximately 2.8 years at September 30, 2024. The investment securities available for sale portfolio had an average duration of 2.2 years and the held to maturity portfolio had an average duration of 4.5 years. Refer to the Interest-earning Assets Investment securities section of this MD A and Note 3 Investment Securities for further information. 
 
 Table 4 
 Investment Securities 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 Composition (1) 
 Amortized Cost Fair Value 
 Fair Value to Cost 
 Total investment securities available for sale 75.3 28,502 28,190 98.9 Total investment securities held to maturity 24.5 10,391 9,168 88.2 Investment in marketable equity securities 0.2 70 82 117.1 Total investment securities 100 38,963 37,440 (1) Calculated as a percentage of the total fair value of investment securities. 

Capital Position 
 All regulatory capital ratios for BancShares and FCB significantly exceed the prompt corrective action well capitalized thresholds and Basel III requirements as further discussed in the Capital section of this MD A. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 
 
 NII is affected by changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Interest income and expense and the respective yields and rates includes amortization of premiums, accretion of discounts, and impacts from hedging activities. 
 
 The following tables present the average balances, yields on interest-earning assets, rates on interest-bearing liabilities, and changes in NII due to changes in volume and yields or rates. Changes in NII due to changes in (i) volume (average balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities) and (ii) yields or rates are based on the following: 
 The change in NII due to volume is calculated as the change in average balance multiplied by the yield or rate from the prior period. 
 The change in NII due to yield or rate is calculated as the change in yield or rate multiplied by the average balance from the prior period. 
 The change in NII due to changes in both volume and yield or rate (i.e., portfolio mix) is calculated as the change in rate multiplied by the change in volume. This component is allocated between the changes due to volume and yield or rate based on the ratio each component bears to the absolute dollar amounts of their total. 
 Tax equivalent NII was not materially different from NII, therefore we present NII in our analysis. 

73 

Table 5 
 Average Balances and Yields/Rates 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change in NII Due to: Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Volume (1) 
 Yield /Rate (1) 
 Total Change Loans and leases (1)(2) 
 137,602 2,430 7.03 135,965 2,422 7.15 38 (30) 8 Investment securities 38,189 354 3.70 36,445 327 3.60 16 11 27 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 241 4 5.34 236 3 5.37 1 1 Interest-earning deposits at banks 26,167 350 5.33 28,059 378 5.42 (22) (6) (28) Total interest-earning assets (2) 
 202,199 3,138 6.18 200,705 3,130 6.26 33 (25) 8 Operating lease equipment, net 9,028 8,888 Cash and due from banks 717 750 Allowance for loan and lease losses (1,725) (1,763) All other noninterest-earning assets 10,247 10,311 Total assets 220,466 218,891 Interest-bearing deposits Checking with interest 23,946 134 2.23 24,427 137 2.26 (2) (1) (3) Money market 34,127 278 3.24 31,998 250 3.14 19 9 28 Savings 39,944 436 4.34 38,434 415 4.35 22 (1) 21 Time deposits 14,429 156 4.29 16,043 173 4.33 (16) (1) (17) Total interest-bearing deposits 112,446 1,004 3.55 110,902 975 3.54 23 6 29 Borrowings: Securities sold under customer repurchase agreements 384 0.55 380 0.46 Short-term borrowings 384 0.55 380 0.46 Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 2.01 2.00 Senior unsecured borrowings 361 2 2.59 375 3 2.49 (1) (1) Subordinated debt 900 8 3.34 901 7 3.32 1 1 Other borrowings 35,803 328 3.66 35,824 324 3.61 4 4 Long-term borrowings 37,064 338 3.64 37,100 334 3.60 (1) 5 4 Total borrowings 37,448 338 3.61 37,480 334 3.56 (1) 5 4 Total interest-bearing liabilities 149,894 1,342 3.57 148,382 1,309 3.54 22 11 33 Noninterest-bearing deposits 39,026 39,344 Credit balances of factoring clients 1,195 1,234 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 7,500 7,879 Stockholders' equity 22,851 22,052 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 220,466 218,891 Interest rate spread (2) 
 2.61 2.72 Net interest income and net interest margin (2) 
 1,796 3.53 1,821 3.64 
 (1) Loans and leases include nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale. Interest income on loans and leases includes accretion income and loan fees. 
 (2) The balance and rate presented is calculated net of average credit balances and deposits of factoring clients. 

74 

NII and NIM - Current quarter compared to linked quarter 
 NII for the current quarter was 1.80 billion, a decrease of 25 million from the linked quarter. This decrease was due to a 33 million increase in interest expense, partially offset by an 8 million increase in interest income. 
 Interest income earned on loans and leases for the current quarter was 2.43 billion, an increase of 8 million from 2.42 billion for the linked quarter. Higher average balances led to an increase of 46 million in loan interest income. This was partially offset by a decrease of 38 million in loan accretion income. Loan accretion income was 107 million in the current quarter compared to 145 million in the linked quarter and is expected to continue trending lower as the acquired loans approach maturity. 
 Interest income earned on investment securities for the current quarter was 358 million, an increase of 28 million or 8 from 330 million for the linked quarter. The increase reflected continued purchases of short duration agency mortgage-backed and U.S. Treasury investment securities available for sale, and to a lesser extent, higher yields on the more recently purchased investment securities. 
 Interest income on interest-earning deposits at banks for the current quarter was 350 million, a decrease of 28 million or 7 from 378 million for the linked quarter. The decrease was mostly due to a lower average balance of interest-earning deposits at banks resulting from the purchases of investment securities described above. 
 Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits for the current quarter was 1.00 billion, an increase of 29 million or 3 from 975 million for the linked quarter. The increase was primarily related to growth in money market deposits in the Branch Network and savings accounts in the Direct Bank, partially offset by a decrease in the average balance of time deposits. 
 NIM for the current quarter was 3.53 , a decrease of 11 bps from 3.64 for the linked quarter, primarily related to lower PAA and the items discussed above for NII. NIM, excluding PAA, was 3.33 compared to 3.36 in the linked quarter. Refer to the NIM, Excluding PAA item in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this MD A. The impact of the 0.50 reduction in the benchmark federal funds rate by the FOMC during its September meeting was not significant to the current quarter NIM. 
 Average interest-earning assets for the current quarter were 202.20 billion, an increase of 1.49 billion or 1 from 200.71 billion for the linked quarter. The increase mainly reflected higher average balances for loans, as the higher average investment securities balance was offset by the decline in average interest-earning deposits at banks. The yield on average interest-earning assets was 6.18 , a decrease of 8 bps from the linked quarter, primarily due to decreases in loan accretion and yield on interest-earning deposits at banks, partially offset by a higher yield on investment securities. 
 Average interest-bearing liabilities for the current quarter were 149.89 billion, an increase of 1.51 billion or 1 from 148.38 billion in the linked quarter. The increase reflected higher average interest-bearing deposit balances. The rate paid on average interest-bearing liabilities increased by 3 bps from the linked quarter, primarily due to a higher average rate paid on money market deposits, while average rates paid on other deposit types were down. Although the rate paid on average money market deposits increased compared to the linked quarter, it declined late in the current quarter. 

75 

Table 6 
 Average Balances and Yields/Rates 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in NII Due to: Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Volume (1) 
 Yield /Rate (1) 
 Total Change Loans and leases (1)(2) 
 137,602 2,430 7.03 131,653 2,426 7.30 101 (97) 4 Investment securities 38,189 354 3.70 24,388 177 2.90 119 58 177 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 241 4 5.34 223 3 5.28 1 1 Interest-earning deposits at banks 26,167 350 5.33 37,456 504 5.34 (153) (1) (154) Total interest-earning assets (2) 
 202,199 3,138 6.18 193,720 3,110 6.37 68 (40) 28 Operating lease equipment, net 9,028 8,617 Cash and due from banks 717 911 Allowance for loan and lease losses (1,725) (1,714) All other noninterest-earning assets 10,247 10,460 Total assets 220,466 211,994 Interest-bearing deposits Checking with interest 23,946 134 2.23 24,600 134 2.15 (4) 4 Money market 34,127 278 3.24 29,684 179 2.40 29 70 99 Savings 39,944 436 4.34 30,185 303 3.99 105 28 133 Time deposits 14,429 156 4.29 16,489 153 3.68 (20) 23 3 Total interest-bearing deposits 112,446 1,004 3.55 100,958 769 3.02 110 125 235 Borrowings: Securities sold under customer repurchase agreements 384 0.55 454 0.35 Short-term borrowings 384 0.55 454 0.35 Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 2.01 444 6 5.47 (4) (2) (6) Senior unsecured borrowings 361 2 2.59 382 2 2.46 Subordinated debt 900 8 3.34 1,042 10 3.65 (1) (1) (2) Other borrowings 35,803 328 3.66 35,831 333 3.71 (1) (4) (5) Long-term borrowings 37,064 338 3.64 37,699 351 3.72 (6) (7) (13) Total borrowings 37,448 338 3.61 38,153 351 3.68 (6) (7) (13) Total interest-bearing liabilities 149,894 1,342 3.57 139,111 1,120 3.20 104 118 222 Noninterest-bearing deposits 39,026 43,085 Credit balances of factoring clients 1,195 1,209 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 7,500 8,473 Stockholders' equity 22,851 20,116 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 220,466 211,994 Interest rate spread (2) 
 2.61 3.17 Net interest income and net interest margin (2) 
 1,796 3.53 1,990 4.07 
 (1) Loans and leases include nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale. Interest income on loans and leases includes accretion income and loan fees. 
 (2) The balance and rate presented is calculated net of average credit balances and deposits of factoring clients. 
 76 

Table 7 
 Average Balances and Yields/Rates 
 dollars in millions Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in NII Due to: Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Average Balance Income / Expense Yield / Rate Volume (1) 
 Yield /Rate (1) 
 Total Change Loans and leases (1)(2) 
 135,302 7,206 7.11 113,028 5,796 6.85 1,180 230 1,410 Investment securities 35,769 960 3.58 21,222 401 2.52 347 212 559 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 240 10 5.37 139 6 5.12 4 4 Interest-earning deposits at banks 29,192 1,176 5.38 27,794 1,071 5.15 55 50 105 Total interest-earning assets (2) 
 200,503 9,352 6.22 162,183 7,274 5.99 1,586 492 2,078 Operating lease equipment, net 8,908 8,421 Cash and due from banks 751 891 Allowance for loan and lease losses (1,762) (1,420) All other noninterest-earning assets 10,087 17,354 Total assets 218,487 187,429 Interest-bearing deposits Checking with interest 24,112 401 2.22 21,783 274 1.68 32 95 127 Money market 32,358 760 3.14 26,686 407 2.04 99 254 353 Savings 38,296 1,242 4.33 23,410 601 3.44 454 187 641 Time deposits 15,712 504 4.28 14,404 350 3.25 34 120 154 Total interest-bearing deposits 110,478 2,907 3.51 86,283 1,632 2.53 619 656 1,275 Borrowings: Securities sold under customer repurchase agreements 398 1 0.49 455 1 0.32 Short-term FHLB borrowings 145 5 4.79 (5) (5) Short-term borrowings 398 1 0.49 600 6 1.40 (5) (5) Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 2.00 3,084 120 5.22 (74) (46) (120) Senior unsecured borrowings 371 7 2.53 686 11 2.16 (6) 2 (4) Subordinated debt 904 23 3.32 1,045 29 3.59 (4) (2) (6) Other borrowings 35,829 980 3.65 24,450 675 3.68 311 (6) 305 Long-term borrowings 37,104 1,010 3.63 29,265 835 3.80 227 (52) 175 Total borrowings 37,502 1,011 3.59 29,865 841 3.75 222 (52) 170 Total interest-bearing liabilities 147,980 3,918 3.53 116,148 2,473 2.84 841 604 1,445 Noninterest-bearing deposits 39,339 39,007 Credit balances of factoring clients 1,178 1,129 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 7,793 14,143 Stockholders' equity 22,197 17,002 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 218,487 187,429 Interest rate spread (2) 
 2.69 3.15 Net interest income and net interest margin (2) 
 5,434 3.62 4,801 3.95 
 (1) Loans and leases include nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale. Interest income on loans and leases includes accretion income and loan fees. 
 (2) The balance and rate presented is calculated net of average credit balances and deposits of factoring clients. 

77 

NII and NIM - Current YTD compared to Prior YTD 
 NII for the current YTD was 5.43 billion, an increase of 633 million or 13 from 4.80 billion for the prior YTD. The increase reflected the acquired SVBB operations being included for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD. Additionally, interest income increased in the current YTD due to higher interest income on loans and investment securities, which was partially offset by higher interest expense on deposits and borrowings and lower loan accretion income. 
 Interest income on loans and leases for the current YTD was 7.21 billion, an increase of 1.41 billion or 24 from 5.80 billion for the prior YTD. The increase largely resulted from earning interest income on the acquired SVBB loans for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD, as well as the benefit from organic loan growth at higher yields and the impact from floating-rate loan resets. Loan accretion income was 415 million in the current YTD and 535 million in the prior YTD, a decrease of 120 million. 
 Interest income on investment securities for the current YTD was 970 million, an increase of 563 million or 138 from 407 million for the prior YTD. The increase was due to purchases of short duration agency mortgage-backed and U.S. Treasury investment securities available for sale, and to a lesser extent, a higher yield on the more recently purchased investment securities. 
 Interest income on interest-earning deposits at banks for the current YTD was 1.18 billion, an increase of 105 million or 10 from 1.07 billion for the prior YTD. The increase was a result of higher yields, as well as a higher average YTD balance as amounts related to the SVBB Acquisition were included for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD. The higher current YTD average balance was partially offset by outflows that funded the purchases of investment securities discussed above. 
 Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits for the current YTD was 2.91 billion, an increase of 1.28 billion or 78 from 1.63 billion for the prior YTD. The increase is largely due to a higher average YTD balance as the interest-bearing deposits related to the SVBB Acquisition were included for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD. Organic interest-bearing deposit growth in our General Bank and SVB Commercial segments, as well as the Direct Bank, and higher rates paid on average interest-bearing deposits also contributed to the increase. 
 Interest expense on borrowings for the current YTD was 1.01 billion, an increase of 170 million or 20 from 841 million for the prior YTD. The increase was mainly the result of interest expense on the Purchase Money Note for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD. 
 NIM for the current YTD was 3.62 , a decrease of 33 bps from 3.95 for the prior YTD. The decrease in NIM from higher average balances of interest-bearing deposits and the Purchase Money Note, higher rates paid on deposits, and lower loan accretion income were partially offset by higher average balances and total yields on loans and investment securities. NIM, excluding PAA, was 3.35 for the current YTD compared to 3.50 for the prior YTD. Refer to the NIM, Excluding PAA item in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this MD A. 
 Average interest-earning assets for the current YTD were 200.50 billion, an increase of 38.32 billion or 24 from 162.18 billion for the prior YTD. The increase was largely due to including the acquired SVBB loans in average interest-earning assets for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD. Organic loan growth and the previously discussed purchases of investment securities also contributed to the increase in average interest-earning assets. The yield on average interest-earning assets was 6.22 in the current YTD, an increase of 23 bps from the prior YTD, primarily due to the higher interest rate environment as yields increased across all interest-earning asset classes. 
 Average interest-bearing liabilities for the current YTD were 147.98 billion, an increase of 31.83 billion or 27 from 116.15 billion in the prior YTD. The increase was largely due to including the acquired SVBB interest-bearing deposits and the Purchase Money Note in average interest-bearing liabilities for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD. The rate paid on average interest-bearing liabilities was 3.53 , an increase of 69 bps from the prior YTD, primarily due to a higher rate paid on average interest-bearing deposits, partially offset by the impact of repaying FHLB borrowings in the prior year. 
 
 The following table includes the average interest-earning assets by category: 
 
 Table 8 
 Average Interest-earning Asset Mix 
 of Average Interest-earning Assets Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Loans and leases 68 68 68 67 70 Investment securities 19 18 13 18 13 Interest-earning deposits at banks 13 14 19 15 17 Total interest-earning assets 100 100 100 100 100 

78 

The following table shows the average interest-bearing liability mix: 
 
 Table 9 
 Average Interest-bearing Liability Mix 
 of Average Interest-bearing Liabilities Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total interest-bearing deposits 75 75 73 75 75 Long-term borrowings 25 25 27 25 25 Total interest-bearing liabilities 100 100 100 100 100 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The provision for credit losses for the current quarter was 117 million, an increase of 22 million or 24 from 95 million for the linked quarter. The increase of 22 million was the result of a 28 million increase in the provision for loan and lease losses, partially offset by a 6 million increase in the benefit for off-balance sheet credit exposure. The higher provision for loan and lease losses is mainly attributable to an estimate of 20 million related to Helene, as well as increases in net charge-offs and specific reserves, partially offset by changes in credit quality and lower loan balances. 
 
 The provision for credit losses for the current YTD was 276 million, a decrease of 850 million or 76 from 1.13 billion for the prior YTD. The decrease was primarily related to the Day 2 Provision for Credit Losses of 716 million in the prior YTD and changes in the macroeconomic forecast, partially offset by the estimated loan loss provision related to Helene. 
 
 The ALLL and net charge-offs are further discussed in the Risk Management Credit Risk Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and Credit Metrics in this MD A and in Note 5 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. 
 
 Table 10 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Day 2 Provision for Loan and Lease Losses 462 Provision for loan and lease losses 
 123 95 212 311 452 Total provision for loan and lease losses 123 95 212 311 914 Day 2 Provision for Off-balance Sheet Credit Exposure 254 Benefit for off-balance sheet credit exposure (6) (17) (35) (42) Total (benefit) provision for off-balance sheet credit exposure (6) (17) (35) 212 (Benefit) provision for investment securities available for sale credit losses (3) Provision for credit losses 117 95 192 276 1,126 

79 

Noninterest Income 
 
 Noninterest income is an essential part of our total revenue. The primary sources of noninterest income consist of rental income on operating lease equipment, fee income and other service charges, client investment fees, wealth management services, international fees, service charges generated from deposit accounts, factoring commissions, cardholder and merchant services, and insurance commissions. 
 
 Table 11 
 Noninterest Income 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Rental income on operating lease equipment 262 259 248 776 719 Other noninterest income: Fee income and other service charges 81 77 71 233 188 Client investment fees 55 54 52 159 106 Wealth management services 54 52 49 157 140 International fees 29 30 30 87 63 Service charges on deposit accounts 45 44 44 133 112 Factoring commissions 19 19 21 55 60 Cardholder services, net 42 40 41 122 103 Merchant services, net 12 12 12 36 36 Insurance commissions 14 13 13 42 40 Realized gain (loss) on sale of investment securities, net 4 (12) 4 (26) Fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities, net 9 (2) (1) 3 (20) Gain on sale of leasing equipment, net 5 4 10 19 18 Gain on acquisition 12 9,891 Loss on extinguishment of debt (2) Other noninterest income 19 37 25 92 102 Total other noninterest income 388 380 367 1,140 10,813 Total noninterest income 650 639 615 1,916 11,532 
 
 Rental Income on Operating Lease Equipment 
 Rental income on operating lease equipment was 262 million for the current quarter, an increase of 3 million or 1 from 259 million for the linked quarter. Rental income on operating lease equipment was 776 million for the current YTD, an increase of 57 million or 8 from 719 million for the prior YTD. Both current quarter and current YTD periods benefited from growth in operating lease equipment, as well as strong re-pricing and utilization rates in the rail portfolio. Rental income is generated primarily in the Rail segment and, to a lesser extent, in the Commercial Bank segment. Revenue is generally dictated by the size of the portfolio, utilization of the railcars, re-pricing of equipment renewed upon lease maturities, and pricing on new leases. Re-pricing refers to the rental rate in the renewed equipment contract compared to the prior contract. Refer to the Rail segment discussion in the Results by Business Segment section of this MD A for further details. 
 
 Other Noninterest Income 
 Other noninterest income for the current quarter was 388 million, an increase of 8 million from 380 million for the linked quarter. The changes compared to the linked quarter mostly reflect small increases and decreases among the various noninterest income categories, with the main items described below: 
 11 million favorable fair value adjustment on marketable equity securities relative to the linked quarter. 
 During the current quarter, we sold marketable equity securities and realized a 4 million gain. 
 Fee income and other service charges, consisting of items such as capital market-related fees, fees for lines and letters of credit, and servicing fees, increased by 4 million, mainly due to higher capital market fees. 
 Other noninterest income declined 18 million, mainly attributable to fair value changes in customer derivative positions and other nonmarketable investments. 
 Other noninterest income for the current YTD was 1.14 billion, a decrease of 9.67 billion from 10.81 billion for the prior YTD. The decrease was mostly due to the gain on acquisition of 9.89 billion in the prior YTD, partially offset by increases in various components of noninterest income, mostly because the acquired SVBB operations were reflected in earnings for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD. The prior YTD also included a loss on sale of investment securities available for sale of 26 million. 
 80 

Noninterest Expense 
 
 Noninterest expense includes depreciation on operating lease equipment, maintenance and other operating lease expenses, and operating expenses. 
 
 Table 12 
 Noninterest Expense 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Depreciation on operating lease equipment 99 98 95 293 275 Maintenance and other operating lease expenses 59 60 51 164 163 Operating expenses: Salaries and benefits 788 745 727 2,277 1,922 Net occupancy expense 62 58 65 182 179 Equipment expense 128 126 117 368 308 Professional fees 42 24 12 91 43 Third-party processing fees 55 58 54 173 139 FDIC insurance expense 31 33 36 105 76 Marketing expense 20 18 22 52 78 Acquisition-related expenses 46 44 121 148 354 Intangible asset amortization 15 15 17 47 40 Other noninterest expense 111 107 99 318 266 Total operating expenses 1,298 1,228 1,270 3,761 3,405 Total noninterest expense 1,456 1,386 1,416 4,218 3,843 
 
 Depreciation on Operating Lease Equipment 
 Depreciation expense on operating lease equipment is primarily related to rail equipment and small and large ticket equipment we own and lease to others. The increases in depreciation expense for the current quarter and current YTD compared to the linked quarter and prior YTD are primarily due to the higher operating lease equipment balance. Operating lease activity is in the Rail and Commercial Bank segments. The useful life of rail equipment is generally longer in duration, 40-50 years, whereas small and large ticket equipment is generally 3-10 years. Refer to the Rail segment discussion in the section entitled Results by Business Segment of this MD A for further details. 
 
 Maintenance and Other Operating Lease Expenses 
 The Rail segment leases railcars, primarily pursuant to full-service lease contracts under which we, as lessor, are responsible for railcar maintenance and repair. Maintenance and other operating lease expenses for the current quarter were 59 million, a decrease of 1 million, or 2 , from 60 million for the linked quarter. Maintenance and other operating lease expenses for the current YTD were 164 million, an increase of 1 million or 1 from 163 million for the prior YTD. Maintenance and other operating lease expenses relate to equipment ownership and leasing costs associated with the railcar portfolio and tend to be variable due to timing and number of railcars coming on or off lease and the asset condition. Refer to the Rail segment discussion in the section entitled Results by Business Segment of this MD A for further details. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 The primary components of operating expenses are salaries and benefits, net occupancy expense, and equipment expenses. Operating expenses for the current quarter were 1.30 billion, an increase of 70 million or 6 compared to 1.23 billion in the linked quarter. The main components of the increase in operating expenses for the current quarter compared to the linked quarter are summarized below: 
 The 43 million increase in salaries and benefits was mainly attributable to an additional working day in the current quarter, net staff additions, increases in incentive accruals and temporary labor costs associated with technology projects. 
 The 18 million increase in professional fees was mostly due to continued enhancements to our large financial institution regulatory compliance capabilities. 
 The 4 million increase in net occupancy expense was largely due to higher utility expenses and increased bank building rent costs. 
 Other noninterest expense increased 4 million, mainly due to a 3 million loss estimate for physical property damage to branches in western North Carolina impacted by Helene. Refer to the Recent Events section of the Executive Overview in this MD A for further comments on Helene. 
 81 

Operating expenses for the current YTD were 3.76 billion, an increase of 356 million or 10 compared to 3.41 billion in the prior YTD. The increase was primarily due to the inclusion of the acquired SVBB operations for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD, which included a 355 million increase in salaries and benefits and a 60 million increase in equipment expense, partially offset by lower acquisition-related and marketing expenses. Professional fees are higher due to enhancements related to our large financial institution regulatory compliance capabilities. The increase in FDIC insurance expense was primarily due to the inclusion of the acquired SVBB deposits for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD, as well as organic deposit growth and a special assessment of approximately 11 million recognized in 2024. The 26 million decrease in marketing costs mostly reflected higher advertising costs to support deposit growth in the Direct Bank in the prior YTD. 
 
 The following table presents the major components of acquisition-related expenses: 
 
 Table 13 
 Acquisition-related expenses 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Salaries and benefits 16 12 67 57 244 Professional fees 28 23 22 77 57 Asset impairment 21 21 Other acquisition-related expense 2 9 11 14 32 Total acquisition-related expense 46 44 121 148 354 
 
 Salaries and benefits primarily includes severance and retention costs for employees associated with business combinations. These amounts are recognized over the requisite service period, if any. 
 
 Professional fees mainly include consulting, legal and accounting costs associated with business combinations and the related integration, optimization, and business process reengineering. These amounts are expensed as incurred. 

Income Taxes 
 
 Table 14 
 Income Tax Data 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Income before income taxes 873 979 997 2,856 11,364 Income tax expense 234 272 245 779 412 Effective tax rate 26.8 27.8 24.6 27.3 3.6 
 
 The effective tax rate ETR was 26.8 for the current quarter compared to 27.8 in the linked quarter. The decrease in the ETR for the current quarter compared to the linked quarter was primarily due to state tax law changes enacted in the second quarter of 2024 that impacted the valuation of gross temporary differences. The ETR was 27.3 for the current YTD compared to 3.6 for the prior YTD. The increase for the current YTD ETR compared to the prior YTD was primarily due to the non-taxable nature of the gain on the SVBB Acquisition in the prior YTD. 
 
 The ETR is impacted by a number of factors, including the relative mix of domestic and international earnings, effects of changes in enacted tax laws, adjustments to valuation allowances, and discrete items. The ETR in future periods may vary from the current quarter ETR due to changes in these factors. 
 
 BancShares monitors and evaluates the potential impact of current events on the estimates used to establish income tax expense and income tax liabilities. On a periodic basis, we evaluate our income tax positions based on current tax law and positions taken by various tax auditors within the jurisdictions where BancShares is required to file income tax returns, as well as potential or pending audits or assessments by tax auditors. Refer to Note 18 Income Taxes for additional information. 

82 

RESULTS BY BUSINESS SEGMENT 
 
 We made changes to our segment reporting during the first quarter of 2024 as further discussed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. Segment disclosures for 2023 periods included in this Form 10-Q were recast to reflect the segment reporting changes. 
 
 BancShares segments include General Bank, Commercial Bank, SVB Commercial, and Rail. All other financial information not allocated to the segments is included in the Corporate section of the segment disclosures. Refer to Note 20 Business Segment Information for descriptions of segment products and services. 

General Bank 
 
 Table 15 
 General Bank: Financial Data 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Earnings Summary September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net interest income 768 738 681 2,197 1,889 Provision for credit losses 38 55 24 121 40 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 730 683 657 2,076 1,849 Noninterest income 149 152 135 446 388 Noninterest expense 517 497 482 1,534 1,349 Income before income taxes 362 338 310 988 888 Income tax expense 99 93 85 270 222 Net income 263 245 225 718 666 Select Period End Balances Loans and leases 66,092 65,195 61,035 Deposits 72,169 71,479 69,108 
 
 General Bank segment net income for the current quarter increased 18 million from the linked quarter. Segment NII increased 30 million compared to the linked quarter, benefiting from higher interest income related to loan growth. The lower provision for credit losses in the current quarter was primarily due to the linked quarter reserve build for certain loan portfolios, such as private banking loans. Noninterest income was down modestly. Noninterest expense increased 20 million mainly due to higher salaries and benefits. Noninterest income and expense are discussed in their respective sections entitled Noninterest Income and Noninterest Expense of this MD A. 
 
 General Bank segment net income for the current YTD increased 52 million compared to the prior YTD. The acquired SVBB operations, including SVB Private, which is in the General Bank segment, were reflected in earnings for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD . The higher provision for credit losses in the current YTD was mainly due to loan growth. 
 
 The 897 million increase in loans and leases compared to the linked quarter was mainly due to growth in commercial and business loans in our Branch Network. Consumer mortgage loans were up modestly as we continue to originate and sell rather than hold for investment. 
 
 Deposits in the General Bank segment primarily include deposits from the Branch Network, as well as Wealth and Community Association Banking channels. The 690 million increase in deposits compared to the linked quarter was primarily in money market deposits in the Branch Network. 
 83 

Commercial Bank 
 
 Table 16 
 Commercial Bank: Financial Data 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Earnings Summary September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net interest income 274 279 249 823 744 Provision for credit losses 29 22 132 65 353 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 245 257 117 758 391 Noninterest income 133 131 139 400 420 Noninterest expense 227 221 205 676 615 Income before income taxes 151 167 51 482 196 Income tax expense 41 44 14 127 55 Net income 110 123 37 355 141 Select Period End Balances Loans and leases 32,689 32,116 30,220 Operating lease equipment, net 767 767 739 Deposits 2,754 2,958 3,370 
 
 Commercial Bank segment net income for the current quarter decreased 13 million from the linked quarter. Segment NII decreased 5 million compared to the linked quarter, primarily due to higher interest expense on interest-bearing deposits. The 7 million increase in provision for credit losses compared to the linked quarter was primarily due to an increase in net charge-offs, mostly in Commercial Real Estate CRE and Equipment Finance portfolios. Noninterest income increased 2 million, benefiting from higher capital market fees. Noninterest expense increased 6 million, mostly attributable to higher salaries and benefits. Noninterest income and noninterest expense are discussed in the sections entitled Noninterest Income and Noninterest Expense of this MD A. 
 
 Commercial Bank segment net income for the current YTD increased 214 million compared to the prior YTD, mainly due to the 288 million decrease in provision for credit losses. The higher provision for credit losses in the prior YTD was mainly due to loan growth and a reserve build as a result of then higher charge-offs and unfavorable trends in certain macroeconomic variables. The 20 million decline in noninterest income was mostly due to lower fair value changes in customer derivative positions and factoring commissions, partially offset by higher capital market fees. The 61 million increase in noninterest expense was mainly due to higher salaries and benefits costs. 
 
 The 573 million increase in loans and leases compared to the linked quarter reflects loan growth in a number of industry verticals, primarily TMT and Healthcare. 
 
 Deposits in the Commercial Bank segment decreased by 204 million from the linked quarter as declines in noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing checking were partially offset by growth in money market deposits. 

SVB Commercial 
 
 Table 17 
 SVB Commercial: Financial Data 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Earnings Summary September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net interest income 583 577 537 1,706 1,128 Provision for credit losses 50 18 39 90 17 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 533 559 498 1,616 1,111 Noninterest income 139 139 141 415 295 Noninterest expense 393 387 413 1,164 900 Income before income taxes 279 311 226 867 506 Income tax expense 75 85 61 235 136 Net income 204 226 165 632 370 Select Period End Balances Loans and leases 39,852 41,968 41,906 Deposits 35,945 35,891 36,236 
 84 

SVB Commercial segment net income for the current quarter decreased 22 million from the linked quarter. NII increased 6 million due to higher interest income on a higher average loan balance, partially offset by higher interest expense on deposits due to a shift to interest-bearing deposits from noninterest-bearing deposits. The provision for credit losses increased 32 million, primarily the result of higher specific reserves in the investor dependent portfolios. Noninterest income was consistent with the linked quarter. Noninterest expense increased over the linked quarter by 6 million. Refer to sections entitled Noninterest Income and Noninterest Expense of this MD A for further discussion. 
 
 SVB Commercial segment net income for the current YTD increased 262 million compared to the prior YTD, mainly because the acquired SVBB operations were reflected in earnings for the current YTD and the partial prior YTD . 
 
 The decrease of 2.12 billion in loans and leases compared to the linked quarter was mainly attributable to a decline in global fund banking loans as repayment levels outpaced new originations and draw activity on lines of credit. The average loan balance in the current quarter was higher compared to the linked quarter. 
 
 Deposits totaled 35.95 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase from 35.89 billion at June 30, 2024, mainly due to growth in money market deposits, partially offset by declines in noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing checking . 
 
 Rail 
 
 Table 18 
 Rail: Financial Data 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Earnings Summary September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Rental income on operating leases 205 201 190 604 545 Less: depreciation on operating lease equipment 52 51 49 152 142 Less: maintenance and other operating lease expenses 59 60 51 164 163 Adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment (1) 
 94 90 90 288 240 Interest expense, net 48 45 40 136 101 Noninterest income 2 2 4 8 4 Noninterest expense 19 18 16 58 52 Income before income taxes 29 29 38 102 91 Income tax expense 8 8 10 27 23 Net income 21 21 28 75 68 Select Period End Balances Loans and leases 62 62 41 Operating lease equipment, net 8,419 8,178 7,922 Deposits 14 10 12 
 (1) Adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment is a non-GAAP measure. Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this MD A for a reconciliation from the most comparable GAAP measure to the non-GAAP measure. 
 
 Rail segment net income, rental income on operating leases and adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment are utilized to measure the profitability of our Rail segment. Adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment is calculated as rental income on operating lease equipment reduced by depreciation, maintenance and other operating lease expenses. Railcar depreciation is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset. Maintenance and other operating lease expenses relate to equipment ownership and leasing costs associated with the portfolio and tend to be variable due to timing and number of railcars coming on or off lease and the asset condition. Due to the nature of our portfolio, which is essentially all operating lease equipment, certain financial measures commonly used by banks, such as NII, are not as meaningful for this segment. NII is not used because it includes the impact of debt costs funding our operating lease assets but excludes the associated net rental income. 
 
 Rail segment net income, rental income on operating leases and adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment for the current quarter were 21 million, 205 million, and 94 million, respectively. The increase from the linked quarter in rental income on operating leases and adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment was due to the higher operating lease equipment balance. 
 
 85 

Segment net income for the current YTD compared to the prior YTD increased 7 million, mostly due to higher rental income on operating leases. Adjusted rental income on operating leases for the current YTD compared to the prior YTD increased 48 million, largely attributable to growth of our railcar fleet, along with strong re-pricing. Noninterest income primarily reflects net gains on sale of leasing equipment. Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this MD A for a reconciliation from the most comparable GAAP measure to the non-GAAP measure. 
 
 Our fleet is diverse and the average re-pricing of equipment upon lease maturities was 130 of the average prior or expiring lease rate during the third quarter of 2024. Our fleet is effectively fully utilized. Railcar utilization, including commitments to lease, was 98.1 at September 30, 2024 and 98.7 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Portfolio 
 Rail segment customers include all of the U.S. and Canadian Class I railroads (i.e., railroads with annual revenues of approximately 500 million and greater) and other railroads, as well as manufacturers and commodity shippers. Our total operating lease fleet at September 30, 2024 consisted of approximately 125,600 railcars and locomotives. 
 
 The following tables reflect the proportion of railcars by type based on units and net investment, and rail operating lease equipment by obligor industry: 
 
 Table 19 
 Operating lease Railcar Portfolio by Type (units and net investment) 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Railcar Type Total Owned Fleet - Total Units Total Owned Fleet - Total Net Investment Total Owned Fleet - Total Units Total Owned Fleet - Total Net Investment Total Owned Fleet - Total Units Total Owned Fleet - Total Net Investment Covered hoppers 45 42 45 42 45 42 Tank cars 27 38 27 38 27 38 Mill/ coil gondolas 8 6 8 7 8 7 Coal 7 1 7 1 7 1 Boxcars 6 6 6 6 6 6 Other 7 7 7 6 7 6 Total 100 100 100 100 100 100 
 
 Table 20 
 Rail Operating Lease Equipment by Obligor Industry 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Manufacturing 3,410 41 3,392 41 3,281 41 Rail 1,954 23 1,815 22 1,889 24 Wholesale 1,456 17 1,351 17 1,217 15 Oil and gas extraction / services 588 7 620 8 573 7 Energy and utilities 238 3 225 3 230 3 Other 773 9 775 9 776 10 Total 8,419 100 8,178 100 7,966 100 
 
 86 

Corporate 
 
 Table 21 
 Corporate: Financial Data 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Earnings Summary September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net interest income 219 272 563 844 1,141 (Benefit) provision for credit losses (3) 716 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 219 272 566 844 425 Noninterest income 22 14 6 43 9,880 Noninterest expense 189 152 200 470 622 Income before income taxes 52 134 372 417 9,683 Income tax expense (benefit) 11 42 75 120 (24) Net income 41 92 297 297 9,707 Select Period End Balances Deposits 40,692 40,741 37,507 
 
 Current quarter net income and income before income taxes for Corporate decreased 51 million and 82 million, respectively, from the linked quarter. 
 
 NII decreased 53 million from the linked quarter, mainly due to a decline in loan accretion income and higher interest costs for the Direct Bank. NII also included a 28 million increase in interest income on investments, which was offset by a 28 million decrease in interest income on interest-earning deposits at banks. Refer to the Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin section of this MD A for further discussion. 
 
 Corporate noninterest income increased 8 million from the linked quarter, primarily related to higher fair value adjustments on marketable equity securities and realized gains on investment securities. 
 
 Corporate noninterest expense increased 37 million from the linked quarter, mainly from higher personnel costs and increased professional fees, mostly due to continued enhancements to our large financial institution regulatory compliance capabilities. Acquisition-related expenses were 46 million in the current quarter compared to 44 million in the linked quarter. Noninterest income and noninterest expense are discussed in the sections entitled Noninterest Income and Noninterest Expense of this MD A. 
 
 Corporate net income for the current YTD decreased 9.41 billion compared to the prior YTD, which included the gain on acquisition of 9.89 billion, Day 2 Provision for Credit Losses of 716 million, and higher acquisition-related expenses. The prior YTD also included a loss on sale of investment securities available for sale of 26 million. 
 The income tax rates for the prior year periods were impacted by the gain on acquisition. Refer to the Income Taxes section of this MD A for further discussion. 
 
 Corporate deposits primarily consist of deposits in our Direct Bank and brokered deposits. The 49 million decrease from the linked quarter was primarily due to lower time deposits, partially offset by growth in savings deposits. 

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 

Interest-earning Assets 
 
 Interest-earning assets include interest-earning deposits at banks, securities purchased under agreement to resell, investment securities, loans held for sale, and loans and leases, all of which reflect varying interest rates based on the risk level and repricing characteristics of the underlying asset. Higher-risk investments typically carry a higher interest rate, but expose us to higher levels of market and/or credit risk. We strive to maintain a high level of interest-earning assets relative to total assets while keeping non-earning assets at a minimum. 
 
 87 

Interest-earning Deposits at Banks 
 Interest-earning deposits at banks are primarily comprised of interest-bearing deposits with the FRB. Interest-earning deposits at banks as of September 30, 2024 totaled 25.64 billion, a decrease of 7.97 billion or 24 from 33.61 billion at December 31, 2023 and an increase of 279 million or 1 from 25.36 billion at June 30, 2024. The decrease from December 31, 2023 is related to continued liquidity and funding management as we grew deposits and purchased investment securities. 

Securities Purchased Under Agreement to Resell 
 Securities purchased under agreement to resell at September 30, 2024 totaled 455 million, a decrease of 18 million from 473 million at December 31, 2023 and an increase of 63 million from 392 million at June 30, 2024. 

Investment Securities 
 The primary objective of the investment portfolio is to generate incremental income by deploying excess funds into securities that have minimal liquidity risk and low to moderate interest rate risk and credit risk. Other objectives include acting as a stable source of liquidity, serving as a tool for asset and liability management and maintaining an interest rate risk profile compatible with our objectives. Additionally, purchases of equities and corporate bonds in other financial institutions have been made under a long-term earnings optimization strategy. Changes in the total balance of our investment securities portfolio result from trends in balance sheet funding and market performance. Generally, when inflows arising from deposit and treasury services products exceed loan and lease demand, we invest excess funds into the securities portfolio or into interest-earning deposits at banks. Conversely, when loan demand exceeds growth in deposits and short-term borrowings, we allow interest-earning deposits at banks to decline and use proceeds from maturing securities and prepayments to fund loan growth. Refer to Note 3 Investment Securities and the Funding, Liquidity and Capital Overview in the Executive Overview section of this MD A for additional disclosures regarding investment securities. 
 
 The carrying value of investment securities at September 30, 2024 totaled 38.66 billion, an increase of 8.66 billion or 29 from 30.00 billion at December 31, 2023 and an increase of 997 million or 3 from 37.67 billion at June 30, 2024. The increase from December 31, 2023 reflected purchases that totaled 14.14 billion, which were primarily U.S agency residential mortgage-backed and short-duration U.S. Treasury investment securities, partially offset by maturities, sales, and paydowns of 6.15 billion. The change also included non-cash items, such as amortization, accretion, and fair value changes for investment securities available for sale and marketable equity securities. 
 
 Our portfolio of investment securities available for sale consists of mortgage-backed securities issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, U.S. Treasury securities, unsecured bonds issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, corporate bonds, and municipal bonds. Investment securities available for sale are reported at fair value and unrealized gains and losses are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of deferred taxes. As of September 30, 2024, investment securities available for sale had a net pretax unrealized loss of 312 million, compared to a net pretax unrealized loss of 752 million as of December 31, 2023, primarily reflecting the impacts of lower market interest rates. The fair value of investment securities is impacted by interest rates, credit spreads, market volatility and liquidity conditions. The fair value of the investment securities portfolio generally increases when interest rates decrease or when credit spreads tighten. Given the consistently strong credit rating of the U.S. Treasury, and the long history of no credit losses on debt securities issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, no allowance for credit loss was required as of September 30, 2024. For corporate bonds, we analyzed the changes in interest rates relative to when the investment securities were purchased or acquired, and considered other factors including changes in credit ratings, delinquencies, and other macroeconomic factors. We determined no allowance for credit loss was required as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our portfolio of investment securities held to maturity consists of similar mortgage-backed securities, U.S. Treasury securities and government agency securities described above, as well as securities issued by the Supranational Entities Multilateral Development Banks and FDIC guaranteed certificates of deposit with other financial institutions. Given the consistently strong credit rating of the U.S. Treasury and the Supranational Entities Multilateral Development Banks, and the long history of no credit losses on debt securities issued by government agencies and government sponsored entities, we determined that no allowance for credit loss was required for investment securities held to maturity at September 30, 2024. 
 88 

The following table presents the investment securities portfolio, segregated by major category: 
 
 Table 22 
 Investment Securities 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Composition (1) 
 Amortized Cost Fair Value 
 Composition (1) 
 Amortized cost Fair 
 value 
 Composition (1) 
 Amortized Cost Fair Value 
 Investment securities available for sale: U.S. Treasury 31.6 11,765 11,817 32.6 11,818 11,751 36.8 10,554 10,508 Government agency 0.2 87 85 0.3 99 97 0.4 120 117 Residential mortgage-backed securities 34.8 13,201 13,016 33.2 12,561 11,975 23.4 7,154 6,686 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 7.4 2,925 2,778 7.6 2,938 2,727 7.5 2,319 2,131 Corporate bonds 1.3 507 477 1.3 526 486 1.7 529 482 Municipal bonds 17 17 17 17 12 12 Total investment securities available for sale 75.3 28,502 28,190 75.0 27,959 27,053 69.8 20,688 19,936 Investment in marketable equity securities 0.2 70 82 0.2 75 78 0.3 75 84 Investment securities held to maturity: U.S. Treasury 1.2 482 455 1.2 481 440 1.5 479 439 Government agency 3.8 1,512 1,413 3.8 1,510 1,367 4.9 1,506 1,363 Residential mortgage-backed securities 11.1 4,667 4,159 11.4 4,793 4,093 12.5 4,205 3,561 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 7.7 3,429 2,865 7.7 3,450 2,782 10.1 3,489 2,875 Supranational securities 0.7 299 274 0.7 299 262 0.9 298 263 Other 2 2 2 2 2 2 Total investment securities held to maturity 24.5 10,391 9,168 24.8 10,535 8,946 29.9 9,979 8,503 Total investment securities 100.0 38,963 37,440 100.0 38,569 36,077 100.0 30,742 28,523 (1) Calculated as a percentage of the total fair value of investment securities. 
 
 89 

The following table presents the weighted average yields for investment securities available for sale and held to maturity at September 30, 2024, segregated by major category with ranges of contractual maturities. The weighted average yield on the portfolio was calculated using security-level annualized yields based on book yield to maturity and takes into account amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, but does not include the effects of hedging. The total weighted average yields for investment securities available for sale and held to maturity are based on the underlying weighted average amortized cost. 
 
 Table 23 
 Weighted Average Yield on Investment Securities 
 September 30, 2024 Within One Year One to Five Years Five to 10 Years After 10 Years Total Investment securities available for sale: U.S. Treasury 4.34 4.39 4.36 Government agency 4.80 5.14 5.07 Residential mortgage-backed securities (1) 
 5.57 4.09 4.74 3.83 3.97 Commercial mortgage-backed securities (1) 
 4.92 4.69 8.18 3.19 4.03 Corporate bonds 6.33 7.81 5.36 6.13 5.93 Municipal bonds 7.84 7.84 Total investment securities available for sale 4.37 4.49 4.90 3.77 4.18 Investment securities held to maturity: U.S. Treasury 1.19 1.42 1.57 1.38 Government agency 1.09 1.46 1.88 1.53 Residential mortgage-backed securities (1) 
 2.63 2.43 2.43 Commercial mortgage-backed securities (1) 
 2.45 1.86 2.59 2.59 Supranational securities 1.20 1.40 1.68 1.56 Other 3.84 3.84 Total investment securities held to maturity 1.18 1.45 1.79 2.50 2.28 
 (1) Residential mortgage-backed and commercial mortgage-backed securities, which are not due at a single maturity date, have been included in maturity groupings based on the contractual maturity at September 30, 2024. The expected life will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to prepay the underlying loans. 

Assets Held for Sale 
 Certain residential mortgage loans and commercial loans are originated with the intent to be sold to investors or lenders, respectively, and are recorded in assets held for sale at fair value. In addition, BancShares may change its strategy for certain loans initially held for investment and decide to sell them in the secondary market. At that time, portfolio loans are transferred to loans held for sale at the lower of cost or market value LOCOM ). When we decide to sell operating lease equipment, it is transferred to assets held for sale at LOCOM. 
 
 Assets held for sale at September 30, 2024 were 68 million, a decrease of 8 million or 10 from 76 million at December 31, 2023 and a decrease of 24 million or 25 from 92 million at June 30, 2024. 
 
 Table 24 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Loans and leases: Commercial 24 20 26 Consumer 41 67 38 SVB 9 Loans and leases 65 87 73 Operating lease equipment 3 5 3 Total assets held for sale 68 92 76 

Loans and Leases 
 We updated our loan classes during the first quarter of 2024 as further discussed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. Loan and lease and ALLL disclosures for 2023 periods included in this Form 10-Q were recast to reflect the changes in loan classes. 
 
 90 

Loans and leases held for investment at September 30, 2024 were 138.70 billion, an increase of 5.39 billion or 4 from 133.30 billion at December 31, 2023 and a decrease of 646 million or 1 from 139.34 billion at June 30, 2024. The increase from December 31, 2023 mostly reflects growth in commercial loans and consumer loans, while SVB loans were modestly higher. The increase of 4.03 billion in commercial loans was spread across various classes due to strong loan originations. The consumer loan growth of 1.02 billion was mostly in residential mortgages. Within the SVB loan classes, the 341 million growth was attributed to the global fund banking portfolio, partially offset by declines in investor dependent loans. 
 
 Refer to the Note 4 Loans and Leases for further information. 
 
 The following table presents loans and leases by loan segment and loan class, and the respective proportion to total loans: 
 
 Table 25 
 Loans and Leases 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Balance to Total Loans Balance to Total Loans Balance to Total Loans Commercial: Commercial construction 4,924 3 4,484 3 3,918 3 Owner occupied commercial mortgage 16,372 12 16,233 12 15,471 12 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 16,078 12 15,580 11 14,995 11 Commercial and industrial 30,867 22 30,684 22 29,794 22 Leases 2,020 1 2,049 2 2,054 2 Total commercial 70,261 50 69,030 50 66,232 50 Consumer: Residential mortgage 23,237 17 23,101 16 22,776 17 Revolving mortgage 2,455 2 2,351 2 2,165 2 Consumer auto 1,543 1 1,503 1 1,442 1 Consumer other 1,347 1 1,388 1 1,176 1 Total consumer 28,582 21 28,343 20 27,559 21 SVB: Global fund banking 27,114 19 28,915 20 25,553 19 Investor dependent - early stage 1,128 1 1,179 1 1,403 1 Investor dependent - growth stage 2,434 2 2,627 2 2,897 2 Innovation C I and cash flow dependent 9,176 7 9,247 7 9,658 7 Total SVB 39,852 29 41,968 30 39,511 29 Total loans and leases 138,695 100 139,341 100 133,302 100 Allowance for loan and lease losses (1,678) (1,700) (1,747) Net loans and leases 137,017 137,641 131,555 
 
 The unamortized discount related to acquired loans was 1.69 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 348 million from 2.04 billion at December 31, 2023 and 93 million from 1.78 billion at June 30, 2024. The decrease from December 31, 2023 reflects accretion of 415 million, including 71 million for unfunded commitments, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease from June 30, 2024 reflects accretion of 107 million, including 16 million for unfunded commitments, for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Operating Lease Equipment, Net 
 
 As detailed in the following table, our operating lease portfolio mostly relates to the Rail segment, with the remainder included in the Commercial Bank segment. Refer to the Results by Business Segment section of this MD A for further details on the operating lease equipment portfolio in Rail. 
 
 Table 26 
 Operating Lease Equipment 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Railcars and locomotives 8,419 8,178 7,966 Other equipment 767 767 780 Total (1) 
 9,186 8,945 8,746 
 (1) Includes off-lease rail equipment of 248 million at September 30, 2024, 164 million at June 30, 2024 and 253 million at December 31, 2023. 
 91 

Interest-Bearing Liabilities 
 
 Interest-bearing liabilities include interest-bearing deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and borrowings. Interest-bearing liabilities at September 30, 2024 totaled 149.34 billion, an increase of 5.63 billion or 4 from 143.71 billion at December 31, 2023 and an increase of 818 million or less than 1 from 148.52 billion at June 30, 2024. The increase from December 31, 2023 was due to deposit growth as further discussed below. 

Deposits 
 
 Total deposits at September 30, 2024 were 151.57 billion, an increase of 5.72 billion or 4 from 145.85 billion at December 31, 2023 and an increase of 495 million from 151.08 billion at June 30, 2024. The increase from December 31, 2023 was mainly attributable to: 
 growth in money market and time deposit accounts in the Branch Network, 
 higher savings deposits, partially offset by lower time deposits in the Direct Bank, and 
 an increase in money market deposits in the SVB Commercial segment. 
 
 The increase in deposits from June 30, 2024 reflected higher money market and savings deposits, partially offset by lower time and noninterest-bearing deposits. 
 
 The following table summarizes the types of deposits: 
 
 Table 27 
 Deposits 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Noninterest-bearing demand 39,396 40,016 39,799 Checking with interest 23,216 23,907 23,754 Money market 34,567 32,636 30,611 Savings 40,266 39,361 35,258 Time 14,129 15,159 16,432 Interest-bearing deposits 112,178 111,063 106,055 Total deposits 151,574 151,079 145,854 Noninterest-bearing deposits to total deposits 26.0 26.5 27.3 
 
 We strive to maintain a strong liquidity position, and therefore, a focus on deposit retention remains a key business objective. We believe traditional bank deposit products remain an attractive option for many customers. As economic conditions change, we recognize that our liquidity position could be adversely affected if bank deposits are withdrawn. Our ability to fund future loan growth is significantly dependent on our success in retaining existing deposits and generating new deposits at a reasonable cost. 
 
 Deposit Concentrations 
 BancShares operates a network of branches and offices, predominantly located in the Southeast, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest and Western United States, providing a broad range of financial services to individuals, businesses and professionals. Based on branch location, deposits as of September 30, 2024 in North Carolina and South Carolina represented approximately 25.5 and 7.8 , respectively, of total deposits. 
 
 The Direct Bank had 39.50 billion or 26.1 of our total deposits as of September 30, 2024. The Direct Bank deposits mainly consist of savings deposit accounts. 
 
 SVB Commercial segment deposits as of September 30, 2024 were 35.95 billion or 23.7 of total deposits and are primarily concentrated in online banking. Deposits in the SVB Commercial segment include large dollar accounts with private equity and venture capital clients, primarily in the technology, life science and healthcare industries. Deposit accounts in the SVB Commercial segment with balances in excess of 50 million totaled approximately 5.75 billion as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Uninsured Deposits 
 Where information is not readily available to determine the amount of deposits not insured by the FDIC, the amount of uninsured deposits is estimated, consistent with the methodologies and assumptions utilized in providing information to the FDIC and FRB. We estimate total uninsured deposits were 58.59 billion, which represented approximately 38.7 of total deposits at September 30, 2024, compared to 54.15 billion or 37.1 of total deposits at December 31, 2023. 
 
 92 

Refer to the Funding, Liquidity and Capital Overview and Results by Business Segment sections of this MD A for further discussion of deposit composition, uninsured deposits, and recent deposit trends. 
 
 The following table provides the expected maturity of time deposits with balances in excess of 250,000 as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Table 28 
 Maturities of Time Deposits In Excess of 250,000 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 Time deposits maturing in: Three months or less 787 Over three months through six months 505 Over six months through 12 months 230 More than 12 months 51 Total 1,573 

Borrowings 
 Total borrowings at September 30, 2024 were 37.16 billion, a decrease of 493 million from 37.65 billion at December 31, 2023 and a decrease of 297 million from 37.46 billion at June 30, 2024. The decrease from December 31, 2023 related to the redemption of our 2.969 senior unsecured borrowings in the current quarter and Capital Trust debentures in the first quarter, along with declines in securities sold under agreements to repurchase and the Purchase Money Note payable to the FDIC. We redeemed the senior unsecured notes in September 2024 prior to incurring a higher cost upon conversion to a floating rate instrument. 
 
 The following table presents borrowings, net of the respective unamortized purchase accounting adjustments and issuance costs: 
 
 Table 29 
 Borrowings 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 391 386 485 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 3.500 fixed rate note due March 2028 (1) 
 35,803 35,790 35,846 Senior Unsecured Borrowings 2.969 fixed-to-floating rate notes due September 2025 (2) 
 316 318 6.000 fixed rate notes due April 2036 58 59 59 Subordinated debt 6.125 fixed rate notes due March 2028 450 449 460 4.125 fixed-to-fixed rate notes due November 2029 100 100 101 3.375 fixed-to-floating rate notes due March 2030 351 350 349 SCB Capital Trust I - floating rate debentures due April 2034 
 10 FCB/SC Capital Trust II - floating rate debentures due June 2034 
 18 Other borrowings 8 8 8 Total borrowings 37,161 37,458 37,654 
 (1) Purchase Money Note was issued in connection with the SVBB Acquisition. 
 (2) Included a callable feature one year prior to maturity and the debt was redeemed in September 2024. 
 
 Refer to the Liquidity Risk section of this MD A and Note 11 Borrowings for further information regarding liquidity and borrowings. 
 
 Refer to the Regulatory Considerations section in Item 1. Business of our 2023 Form 10-K for additional information on an NPR issued by the federal banking agencies discussing, among other items, the proposed requirement to maintain a certain level of long-term debt that would be available to absorb losses in the event of failure. We are in the process of evaluating the proposal and assessing its potential impact, but we expect that we would need to raise additional long-term debt to satisfy these requirements if the NPR is finalized. 

93 

RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 Risk is inherent in any business. BancShares has defined a moderate risk appetite and a balanced approach to risk taking with a philosophy that does not preclude higher risk business activities commensurate with acceptable returns while meeting regulatory objectives. Through the comprehensive Risk Management Framework and Risk Appetite Framework and Statement, senior management has primary responsibility for day-to-day management of the risks we face with accountability of and support from all associates. Senior management applies various strategies to reduce the risks to which BancShares may be exposed, with effective challenge and oversight by management committees. Our Board strives to ensure that risk management is a part of our business culture and that our policies and procedures for identifying, assessing, monitoring, and managing risk are part of the decision-making process. The Board s role in risk oversight is an integral part of our overall Risk Management Framework and Risk Appetite Framework. The Board administers its risk oversight function primarily through its Risk Committee. 
 
 The Risk Committee structure is designed to allow for information flow, effective challenge and timely escalation of risk-related issues. The Risk Committee is directed to monitor and advise the full Board regarding risk exposures, including credit, market, capital, liquidity, operational, compliance, asset, strategic, and reputational risks; review, approve and monitor adherence to the Risk Appetite Statement and supporting risk tolerance levels via a series of established metrics; and evaluate, monitor and oversee the adequacy and effectiveness of the Risk Management Framework and Risk Appetite Framework and Statement. The Risk Committee also reviews reports of examination by and communications from regulatory agencies, the results of internal and third-party testing and qualitative and quantitative assessments related to risk management, and any other matters within the scope of the Risk Committee s oversight responsibilities. The Risk Committee monitors management s response to certain risk-related regulatory and audit issues. In addition, the Risk Committee may coordinate with the Audit Committee and the Compensation, Nominations and Governance Committee for the review of financial statements and related risks, compensation risk management and other areas of joint responsibility. 
 
 In combination with other risk management and monitoring practices, enterprise-wide stress testing activities are conducted within a defined framework. Stress tests are performed for various risks to ensure the financial institution can support continued operations during stressed periods. 
 
 BancShares monitors and stress tests its capital and liquidity consistent with the safety and soundness expectations of the federal regulators. Refer to the Regulatory Considerations section of Item 1. Business included in our 2023 Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 
 BancShares has been assessing the emerging impacts of the international tensions that could impact the economy and exacerbate headwinds of elevated market volatility, global supply chain disruptions, and recessionary pressures as well as operational risks such as those associated with potential cyberattacks for FCB and third parties upon whom it relies. Assessments have not identified material impacts to date, but those assessments will remain ongoing as the conditions continue to exist. BancShares is also assessing the potential risk of an economic slowdown or recession that could create increased credit and market risk having downstream impacts on earnings, capital, and/or liquidity. While economic data continues to be mixed, baseline economic forecasts reflect a decline in CRE property values due to current interest rate levels that impacted the ALLL forecasts. Key indicators will continue to be monitored and impacts assessed as part of our ongoing risk management framework. 

Credit Risk 
 
 Credit risk is the risk of not collecting payments pursuant to the contractual terms of loans, leases and certain investment securities. Loans and leases we originate are underwritten in accordance with our credit policies and procedures and are subject to periodic ongoing reviews. Acquired loans, regardless of whether PCD or Non-PCD, are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date and are subject to periodic reviews to identify any further credit deterioration. Our independent credit review function conducts risk reviews and analyses of both originated and acquired loans to ensure compliance with credit policies and to monitor asset quality trends and borrower financial strength. These reviews include portfolio analysis by geographic location, industry, collateral type, and product. We strive to identify potential problem loans as early as possible, to record charge-offs or write-downs as appropriate and to maintain an appropriate ALLL that accounts for expected losses over the life of the loan and lease portfolios. 
 
 94 

Commercial Lending and Leasing 
 BancShares employs a credit ratings system where each commercial loan is assigned a probability of obligor default PD ), loss given default LGD ), and/or overall credit rating using scorecards developed to rate each type of transaction incorporating assessments of both quantitative and qualitative factors. When commercial loans and leases are graded during underwriting, or when updated periodically thereafter, a model is run to generate a preliminary risk rating. These models incorporate both internal and external historical default and loss data, as well as other borrower and loan characteristics, to assign a risk rating. The preliminary risk rating assigned by the model can be adjusted as a result of borrower specific facts and circumstances that, in management s judgment, warrant a modification of the modeled risk rating to arrive at the final approved risk ratings. 
 
 Consumer Lending 
 Consumer lending begins with an evaluation of a consumer borrower s credit profile against published standards. Credit decisions are made after analyzing quantitative and qualitative factors to assess the borrower s ability to repay the loan, and secondary sources of repayment, such as collateral value. 
 
 Consumer products use traditional and measurable standards to document and assess the creditworthiness of a loan applicant. Credit standards follow industry standard documentation requirements. Performance is largely evaluated based on an acceptable pay history along with a quarterly assessment which incorporates current market conditions. Loans may also be monitored during quarterly reviews of the borrower s refreshed credit score. When warranted, an additional review of the loan-to-value of the underlying collateral may be conducted. 
 
 Our ALLL estimate as of September 30, 2024 included extensive reviews of the changes in credit risk associated with the uncertainties around macroeconomic forecasts. These loss estimates consider industry risk and the actual net losses incurred during prior periods of economic stress as well as recent credit trends. 
 
 Our ALLL methodology was discussed further in our 2023 Form 10-K, in the section entitled Critical Accounting Estimates of the MD A and Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
 We updated our loan classes during the first quarter of 2024 as further discussed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. Loan and lease and ALLL disclosures for 2023 periods included in this Form 10-Q were recast to reflect the changes in loan classes. 
 
 The ALLL at September 30, 2024 was 1.68 billion, representing a decrease of 69 million from 1.75 billion at December 31, 2023. The ALLL as a percentage of total loans and leases at September 30, 2024 was 1.21 , compared to 1.31 at December 31, 2023. The decreases in the ALLL were primarily the result of changes in the macroeconomic forecast and in credit quality, YTD net charge-offs, and lower specific reserves for individually evaluated loans at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. The decreases were partially offset by increases related to loan growth and the 20 million loan loss reserve related to Helene. Refer to the Recent Events section of the Executive Overview in this MD A for further comments on Helene. 
 
 While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the ultimate adequacy of our ALLL is dependent upon a variety of factors beyond our control which are inherently difficult to predict, the most significant being the macroeconomic scenario forecasts that determine the economic variables utilized in the ALLL models. Due to the inherent uncertainty in the macroeconomic forecasts, BancShares utilizes baseline, upside, and downside macroeconomic scenarios and weights the scenarios based on review of variable forecasts for each scenario and comparison to expectations. At September 30, 2024, ALLL estimates in these scenarios ranged from approximately 1.38 billion, when weighing the upside scenario 100 , to approximately 2.14 billion when weighting the downside scenario 100 . BancShares management determined that an ALLL of 1.68 billion was appropriate as of September 30, 2024. 
 95 

Table 30 
 ALLL for Loans and Leases 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial Consumer SVB Total Balance at beginning of period 1,103 153 444 1,700 Provision for loan and lease losses 78 45 123 Charge-offs (116) (8) (53) (177) Recoveries 11 5 16 32 Balance at end of period 1,076 150 452 1,678 Net charge-off ratio 0.42 Net charge-offs 105 3 37 145 Average loans 139,014 Percent of loans in each category to total loans 50 21 29 100 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Commercial Consumer SVB Total Balance at beginning of period 1,120 155 462 1,737 Provision for loans and lease losses 66 1 28 95 Charge-offs (96) (6) (57) (159) Recoveries 13 3 11 27 Balance at end of period 1,103 153 444 1,700 Net charge-off ratio 0.38 Net charge-offs 83 3 46 132 Average loans 137,426 Percent of loans in each category to total loans 50 20 30 100 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial Consumer SVB Total Balance at beginning of period 968 173 496 1,637 Provision (benefit) for loan and lease losses 166 (10) 56 212 Charge-offs (83) (7) (109) (199) Recoveries 13 4 6 23 Balance at end of period 1,064 160 449 1,673 Net charge-off ratio 0.53 Net charge-offs 70 3 103 176 Average loans 133,173 Percent of loans in each category to total loans 48 20 32 100 
 
 Table 31 
 ALLL for Loans and Leases 
 dollars in millions Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial Consumer SVB Total Commercial Consumer SVB Total Balance at beginning of period 1,126 166 455 1,747 789 133 922 Initial PCD ALLL 14 3 203 220 Day 2 Provision for Loan and Lease Losses 39 43 380 462 Provision (benefit) for loan and lease losses 203 (5) 113 311 396 (9) 65 452 Total provision (benefit) for loan and lease losses 203 (5) 113 311 435 34 445 914 Charge-offs (287) (21) (156) (464) (207) (21) (209) (437) Recoveries 34 10 40 84 33 11 10 54 Balance at end of period 1,076 150 452 1,678 1,064 160 449 1,673 Net charge-off ratio 0.37 0.45 Net charge-offs 253 11 116 380 174 10 199 383 Average loans 136,723 114,436 Percent of loans in each category to total loans 50 21 29 100 48 20 32 100 
 96 

Net charge-offs during the current quarter were 145 million, an increase of 13 million from 132 million during the linked quarter. The net charge-off ratio was 0.42 and 0.38 for the current and linked quarters, respectively. The increase in net charge-offs compared to the linked quarter reflects higher commercial loan charge-offs, mostly due to increases in the CRE and Equipment Finance portfolios. Net charge-offs were down from the prior quarter in the SVB loans, primarily in early-stage investor dependent loans. Net charge-offs in our consumer loans were consistent with the prior quarter. 
 
 Net charge-offs for the current YTD were 380 million, a slight decrease of 3 million from 383 million in the prior YTD. Lower net charge-offs in SVB Commercial offset the increases in commercial and consumer loans. The higher net charge-offs within the commercial loans was primarily related to CRE and Equipment Finance portfolios in commercial loans. 
 
 The following table provides trends in the ALLL ratios: 
 
 Table 32 
 ALLL Ratios 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ALLL 1,678 1,700 1,747 Total loans and leases 138,695 139,341 133,302 ALLL to total loans and leases 1.21 1.22 1.31 Commercial loans and leases: ALLL - commercial 1,076 1,103 1,126 Commercial loans and leases 70,261 69,030 66,232 Commercial ALLL to commercial loans and leases 1.53 1.60 1.70 Consumer loans: ALLL - consumer 150 153 166 Consumer loans 28,582 28,343 27,559 Consumer ALLL to consumer loans 0.53 0.55 0.60 SVB loans: ALLL - SVB 452 444 455 SVB loans 39,852 41,968 39,511 SVB ALLL to SVB loans 1.13 1.05 1.15 
 
 A reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposure is established for unfunded commitments and is included in other liabilities, presented in Note 13 Other Liabilities. BancShares estimates the expected funding amounts and applies its PD and LGD models to those expected funding amounts to estimate the reserve. 
 
 The reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposure was 281 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 35 million compared to 316 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease from December 31, 2023 primarily reflects declines in the volumes of SVB Commercial segment unfunded commitments. Refer to Note 21 Commitments and Contingencies for information relating to off-balance sheet commitments. 
 
 97 

The following table presents the ALLL by loan class: 
 
 Table 33 
 ALLL by Loan Class 
 dollars in millions: September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ALLL ALLL as a Percentage of Loans ALLL ALLL as a Percentage of Loans ALLL ALLL as a Percentage of Loans Commercial Commercial construction 45 0.91 41 0.92 44 1.12 Owner occupied commercial mortgage 61 0.37 50 0.31 47 0.31 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 331 2.06 373 2.40 335 2.24 Commercial and industrial 600 1.95 600 1.95 656 2.20 Leases 39 1.92 39 1.92 44 2.12 Total commercial 1,076 1.53 1,103 1.60 1,126 1.70 Consumer Residential mortgage 76 0.33 76 0.33 94 0.41 Revolving mortgage 18 0.75 18 0.75 16 0.75 Consumer auto 6 0.37 5 0.35 5 0.34 Consumer other 50 3.72 54 4.00 51 4.31 Total consumer 150 0.53 153 0.55 166 0.60 SVB Global fund banking 72 0.26 70 0.24 69 0.27 Investor dependent - early stage 95 8.44 80 6.79 96 6.84 Investor dependent - growth stage 105 4.32 120 4.52 127 4.40 Innovation and cash flow dependent 180 1.95 174 1.87 163 1.69 Total SVB 452 1.13 444 1.05 455 1.15 Total ALLL 1,678 1.21 1,700 1.22 1,747 1.31 

Credit Metrics 
 Nonperforming Assets 
 Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans and leases, other real estate owned OREO and repossessed assets. Accounting policies related to nonperforming assets were discussed further in our 2023 Form 10-K, in the section entitled Credit Metrics of the MD A and Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. 
 
 The following table presents total nonperforming assets: 
 Table 34 
 Non-Performing Assets 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual loans: Commercial loans 868 880 698 Consumer loans 169 150 154 SVB loans 207 111 117 Total nonaccrual loans 1,244 1,141 969 Other real estate owned and repossessed assets 62 64 62 Total nonperforming assets 1,306 1,205 1,031 ALLL to total loans and leases 1.21 1.22 1.31 Ratio of total nonperforming assets to total loans, leases, other real estate owned and repossessed assets 0.94 0.86 0.77 Ratio of nonaccrual loans and leases to total loans and leases 0.90 0.82 0.73 Ratio of ALLL to nonaccrual loans and leases 135 149 180 
 
 Nonaccrual loans and leases at September 30, 2024 were 1.24 billion, an increase of 275 million from 969 million at December 31, 2023 and an increase of 103 million from 1.14 billion at June 30, 2024. The increase from December 31, 2023 was primarily due to non-owner occupied commercial mortgage and commercial and industrial loan classes in commercial loans and innovation C I and cash flow dependent loans in SVB loans. Refer to the CRE Portfolio discussion below for further information and Note 4 Loans and Leases for tabular presentation of nonaccrual loans by loan class. 
 
 98 

OREO and repossessed assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were 62 million, compared to 64 million at June 30, 2024. Nonperforming assets as a percentage of total loans, leases, OREO and repossessed assets at September 30, 2024 was 0.94 compared to 0.77 at December 31, 2023 and 0.86 at June 30, 2024. 
 
 Past Due Accounts 
 The percentage of loans 30 days or more past due at September 30, 2024 was 0.89 of total loans, compared to 1.16 at December 31, 2023 and 1.01 at June 30, 2024. Delinquency status by loan class is presented in Note 4 Loans and Leases. 
 
 CRE Portfolio 
 
 Our CRE portfolio is diversified across various property types. The following table provides an overview of the property type exposures within our CRE portfolio: 
 
 Table 35 
 Commercial Real Estate Portfolio (1) 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Balance to Total Loans and Leases Balance to Total Loans and Leases Balance to Total Loans and Leases Multi-Family 5,715 4.12 5,538 3.98 4,356 3.27 Medical Office 3,704 2.67 3,598 2.58 3,494 2.62 General Office 2,536 1.83 2,683 1.93 2,927 2.20 Industrial / Warehouse 3,544 2.56 3,296 2.37 2,888 2.16 Retail 1,959 1.41 1,949 1.40 1,828 1.37 Hotel/Motel 860 0.62 778 0.56 792 0.59 Other 4,371 3.15 3,974 2.84 4,967 3.73 Total 22,689 16.36 21,816 15.66 21,252 15.94 
 (1) The definition of CRE in these tables is aligned with FRB and FDIC guidance on CRE and includes the following: construction loans, loans where the primary repayment is from third party rental income, and loans not secured by real estate but for the purpose of real estate. These tables exclude the owner occupied commercial mortgage loan class. 
 
 Evolving macroeconomic and social conditions (including the shift to more hybrid work arrangements) may result in changes for general office demand moving forward. Select metrics specific to our general office loan portfolio are as follows: 
 
 Table 36 
 Select General Office Loan Metrics 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 of total loans and leases 1.83 1.93 2.20 of CRE loans 11.18 12.30 13.77 Average loan balance 2 2 2 Net charge-offs (YTD annualized 3.77 2.82 3.56 Delinquencies as a of total CRE loans 12.61 11.79 13.56 Non-performing loans as a of CRE loans 13.61 15.97 11.38 ALLL ratio 4.89 6.30 4.77 

Concentration Risk 
 We strive to minimize the risks associated with large concentrations within specific geographic areas, collateral types or industries. Despite our focus on diversification, several characteristics of our loan portfolio subject us to risk, such as our concentrations of real estate secured loans, revolving mortgage loans and healthcare-related loans. Additionally, SVB portfolio loans are concentrated in loans with large balances and loans in certain industries and customer groups, including private equity and venture capital. 
 
 Loan concentration data regarding our Commercial, Consumer, and SVB loan portfolios is summarized below. 

99 

Commercial Loan Concentrations 
 
 Geographic Concentrations 
 The following table summarizes state concentrations of 5.0 or greater of our loans. Data is based on obligor location. 
 
 Table 37 
 Commercial Loans and Leases - Geography 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 State California 14,657 20.9 14,530 21.0 13,824 20.9 North Carolina 10,551 15.0 10,204 14.8 9,831 14.8 Texas 4,360 6.2 4,557 6.6 4,453 6.7 Florida 4,052 5.8 4,022 5.8 3,831 5.8 South Carolina 3,498 5.0 3,428 5.0 3,287 5.0 All other states 31,444 44.7 30,621 44.4 29,281 44.2 Total U.S. 68,562 97.6 67,362 97.6 64,507 97.4 Total International 1,699 2.4 1,668 2.4 1,725 2.6 Total 70,261 100.0 69,030 100.0 66,232 100.0 
 
 Industry Concentrations 
 The following table represents loans by industry of obligor: 
 
 Table 38 
 Commercial Loans and Leases - Industry 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Real Estate 17,863 25.4 17,327 25.1 16,610 25.1 Healthcare 10,056 14.3 9,908 14.3 9,259 14.0 Business Services 7,765 11.1 7,645 11.1 7,055 10.7 Transportation, Communication, Gas, Utilities 5,991 8.5 6,046 8.8 5,814 8.8 Manufacturing 5,808 8.3 5,755 8.3 5,845 8.8 Service Industries 3,903 5.6 3,812 5.5 3,498 5.3 Retail 3,867 5.5 3,660 5.3 3,560 5.4 Wholesale 3,184 4.5 3,175 4.6 3,553 5.3 Finance and Insurance 3,082 4.4 3,352 4.9 3,454 5.2 Other 8,742 12.4 8,350 12.1 7,584 11.4 Total 70,261 100.0 69,030 100.0 66,232 100.0 
 
 Consumer Loan Concentrations 
 Loan concentrations may exist when multiple borrowers could be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. The following table summarizes state concentrations greater than 5.0 based on customer address: 
 
 Table 39 
 Consumer Loans - Geography 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 State California 8,833 30.9 8,871 31.3 8,787 31.9 North Carolina 6,875 24.1 6,732 23.8 6,370 23.1 South Carolina 3,610 12.6 3,522 12.4 3,326 12.1 Massachusetts 1,715 6.0 1,738 6.1 1,726 6.2 Other states 7,549 26.4 7,480 26.4 7,350 26.7 Total 28,582 100.0 28,343 100.0 27,559 100.0 
 
 SVB Loans 
 SVB loan concentrations may exist when there are borrowers engaged in similar activities or types of loans extended to a diverse group of borrowers that could cause those borrowers or portfolios to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. 
 The SVB portfolio includes global fund banking and innovation banking loans. 
 
 100 

Global Fund Banking 
 The global fund banking loan portfolio includes loans to clients in the private equity and venture capital community. Global fund banking represented 68 of SVB loans and 20 of total loans at September 30, 2024, compared to 65 and 19 at December 31, 2023 and 69 and 21 at June 30, 2024. The vast majority of this portfolio consists of capital call lines of credit, the repayment of which is dependent on the payment of capital calls by the underlying limited partner investors in the funds managed by these firms. These facilities are generally governed by financial covenants oriented towards ensuring that the funds remaining callable capital is sufficient to repay the loan, and larger commitments (typically provided to larger private equity funds) are typically secured by an assignment of the general partner's right to call capital from the fund's limited partner investors. 
 
 Innovation Banking 
 Innovation banking primarily includes loans to technology, life science and healthcare industry clients in the various stages of their life cycles. The loans are classified as Investor Dependent - Early Stage, Investor Dependent - Growth Stage, and Innovation Commercial and Industrial Innovation C I and Cash Flow Dependent for reporting purposes. 
 
 Investor Dependent - Early Stage loans represented 3 of SVB loans and 1 of total loans at September 30, 2024, compared to 4 and 1 at December 31, 2023 and 3 and 1 at June 30, 2024. These include loans to pre-revenue, development-stage companies and companies that are in the early phases of commercialization, with revenues of up to 5 million. Repayment of these loans may be dependent upon receipt by borrowers of additional equity financing from venture capital firms or other investors, or in some cases, a successful sale to a third-party or an initial public offering. 
 
 Investor Dependent - Growth Stage loans represented 6 of SVB loans and 2 of total loans at September 30, 2024, compared to 7 and 2 at December 31, 2023 and 6 and 2 at June 30, 2024. These include loans to growth-stage enterprises. Companies with revenues between 5 million and 15 million, or pre-revenue clinical-stage biotechnology companies, are considered to be mid-stage, and companies with revenues in excess of 15 million are considered to be later-stage. 
 
 Innovation C I and Cash Flow Dependent loans represented 23 of SVB loans and 7 of total loans at September 30, 2024, compared to 24 and 7 at December 31, 2023 and 22 and 7 at June 30, 2024. This portfolio is comprised of two types of loans, Innovation C I and Cash Flow Dependent. Innovation C I includes loans in innovation sectors such as technology, life science and healthcare industries. These loans are dependent on either the borrower s cash flows or balance sheet for repayment. Cash Flow Dependent loans are typically used to assist a select group of private equity sponsors with the acquisition of businesses, and repayment is generally dependent upon the cash flows of the combined entities. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of SVB loans by size and class. The breakout below is based on total client balances (individually or in the aggregate) as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Table 40 
 SVB Loans by Size and Class 
 dollars in millions Less Than 5 Million 5 to 30 Million Total SVB Loans Global fund banking 890 1,406 2,566 1,610 20,642 27,114 Investor dependent - early stage 824 170 134 1,128 Investor dependent - growth stage 568 702 656 216 292 2,434 Innovation C I and cash flow dependent 216 316 806 1,272 6,566 9,176 Total 2,498 2,594 4,162 3,098 27,500 39,852 
 
 101 

SVB Loans - State Concentrations 
 The following table summarizes state concentrations greater than 5.0 within the SVB loans portfolio at September 30, 2024, based on borrower location: 
 
 Table 41 
 SVB Loans - Geography 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 State California 9,908 24.9 9,572 22.8 9,458 23.9 New York 7,075 17.8 7,437 17.7 7,338 18.6 Massachusetts 5,010 12.6 5,168 12.3 5,213 13.2 Connecticut 3,888 9.8 4,643 11.1 3,246 8.2 Texas 3,879 9.7 3,477 8.3 3,645 9.2 All other states 9,219 23.0 10,587 25.2 8,987 22.8 Total U.S. 38,979 97.8 40,884 97.4 37,887 95.9 Total International 873 2.2 1,084 2.6 1,624 4.1 Total 39,852 100.0 41,968 100.0 39,511 100.0 

Counterparty Risk 
 
 We enter into interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives as part of our overall risk management practices and also on behalf of our clients. We establish risk metrics and evaluate and manage the counterparty risk associated with these derivative instruments in accordance with the comprehensive Risk Management Framework and Risk Appetite Framework and Statement. 
 
 Counterparty credit exposure or counterparty risk is a primary risk of derivative instruments, relating to the ability of a counterparty to perform its financial obligations under the derivative contract. We seek to control credit risk of derivative agreements through counterparty credit approvals, pre-established exposure limits and monitoring procedures, which are integrated with our cash and issuer related credit processes. 
 
 Derivative agreements for BancShares risk management purposes and for the hedging of client transactions are primarily executed with investment grade financial institutions, with others cleared through certain central party clearing houses. Credit exposure is mitigated via the exchange of collateral between the counterparties covering mark-to-market valuations. Client related derivative transactions, which are primarily related to lending activities, are incorporated into our loan underwriting and reporting processes. 

Asset Risk 
 
 Asset risk is a form of price risk that is a primary risk of our leasing businesses. This relates to the risk of earning capital arising from changes in the value of owned leasing equipment. Asset risk in our leasing business is evaluated and managed in the divisions and overseen by risk management processes. In our asset-based lending business, we also use residual value guarantees to mitigate or partially mitigate exposure to end of lease residual value exposure on certain of our finance leases. Our business process consists of: (1) setting residual values at transaction inception, (2) systematic periodic residual value reviews, and (3) monitoring levels of residual realizations. Residual realizations, by business and product, are reviewed as part of the quarterly financial and asset quality review. Reviews for impairment are performed at least annually. 
 
 In combination with other risk management and monitoring practices, asset risk is monitored through reviews of the equipment markets, including utilization rates and traffic flows; the evaluation of supply and demand dynamics; the impact of new technologies; and changes in regulatory requirements on different types of equipment. At a high level, demand for equipment is correlated with Gross Domestic Product growth trends for the markets the equipment serves, as well as the more immediate conditions of those markets. Cyclicality in the economy and shifts in trade flows due to specific events represent risks to the earnings that can be realized by these businesses. For instance, in the Rail segment, BancShares seeks to mitigate these risks by maintaining a relatively young fleet of assets, which can bolster attractive lease and utilization rates. 
 
 102 

Market Risk 
 Interest rate risk management 
 
 BancShares is exposed to the risk that changes in market conditions may affect interest rates and negatively impact earnings. The risk arises from the nature of BancShares business activities, the composition of BancShares balance sheet, and changes in the level or shape of the yield curve. BancShares manages this inherent risk strategically based on prescribed guidelines and approved limits. 
 
 Interest rate risk can arise from many of BancShares business activities, such as lending, leasing, investing, deposit taking, derivatives, and funding activities. We evaluate and monitor interest rate risk primarily through two metrics. 
 Net Interest Income Sensitivity NII Sensitivity measures the net impact of hypothetical changes in interest rates on forecasted NII; and 
 Economic Value of Equity EVE Sensitivity EVE Sensitivity measures the net impact of these hypothetical changes on the value of equity by assessing the economic value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments. 
 
 BancShares uses a holistic process to measure and monitor both short term and long term risks, which includes, but is not limited to, gradual and immediate parallel rate shocks, changes in the shape of the yield curve, and changes in the relationship of various yield curves. NII Sensitivity generally focuses on shorter term earnings risk, while EVE Sensitivity assesses the longer-term risk of the existing balance sheet. 
 
 Our exposure to NII Sensitivity is guided by the Risk Appetite Framework and Statement and a range of risk metrics and BancShares may utilize tools across the balance sheet to adjust its interest rate risk exposures, including through business line actions and actions within the investment, funding and derivative portfolios. 
 
 The composition of our interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities generally results in a net asset-sensitive position for NII Sensitivity, whereby our assets will reprice faster than our liabilities. A component of our interest rate risk management strategy is the use of derivative instruments to manage fluctuations in earnings caused by changes in market interest rates. Interest rate swaps are the primary type of derivative instrument that we use as part of our interest rate risk management strategy. These derivatives hedge interest income variability of floating rate loans indexed to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), as well as fair value changes of fixed rate time deposits and long-term debt indexed to SOFR. Refer to Note 12 Derivative Financial Instruments for further information on our derivative portfolio. 
 Our funding sources consist primarily of deposits, and we also support our funding needs through wholesale funding sources (including unsecured and secured borrowings). 
 
 The deposit rates we offer are influenced by market conditions and competitive factors. Market rates are the key drivers of deposit costs, and we continue to optimize deposit costs by improving our deposit mix. Changes in interest rates, expected funding needs, as well as actions by competitors, can affect our deposit taking activities and deposit pricing. We believe our targeted non-maturity deposit customer retention is strong and we remain focused on optimizing our mix of deposits. We regularly assess the effect of deposit rate changes on our balances and seek to achieve optimal alignment between assets and liabilities. 
 
 The following table summarizes the results of 12-month NII Sensitivity simulations produced by our asset/liability management system. These simulations assume static balance sheet replacement with like products and implied forward market rates, and also incorporate additional assumptions, including prepayment estimates, pricing estimates, deposit behaviors, and the use of internal models. The below simulations assume an immediate 100 and 200 bps parallel increase and decrease from current interest rates. 
 
 Table 42 
 Net Interest Income Sensitivity Simulation Analysis 
 Estimated (Decrease) Increase in NII Change in interest rate (bps) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 -200 (13.6) (13.8) (20.1) -100 (6.9) (7.6) (10.0) +100 7.4 7.4 9.8 +200 16.5 14.4 19.4 
 
 103 

NII Sensitivity metrics at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, were primarily affected by cash deployment into investment securities, and execution of interest rate hedges, as well as other balance compositional changes. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, BancShares continues to have an asset sensitive interest rate risk profile and the potential exposure to forecasted earnings was largely driven by the composition of the balance sheet (primarily due to floating rate commercial loans and cash), as well as estimates of modest future deposit betas. Approximately 60 -65 of our loans have floating contractual reference rates, indexed primarily to the Prime Lending Rate and SOFR. Deposit betas are currently modeled to have a portfolio average of approximately 30 -40 over the twelve-month forecast horizon, including 45 -50 for interest-bearing non-maturity deposits. Deposit beta is the portion of a change in the federal funds rate that is passed on to the deposit rate. Actual deposit betas may be different than modeled, depending on various factors, including liquidity requirements, deposit mix and competitive pressures. Impacts to NII Sensitivity may change due to actual results differing from modeled expectations. 
 
 As noted above, EVE Sensitivity supplements NII simulations as it estimates risk exposures beyond a twelve-month horizon. EVE Sensitivity measures the change in the EVE driven by changes in assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet instruments in response to a change in interest rates. EVE Sensitivity was calculated by estimating the change in the net present value of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet items under various rate movements, including utilizing a dynamic rate level dependent modeling approach for our deposit attrition assumption. In addition to interest rate changes, other key assumptions used in our EVE Sensitivity simulations include asset prepayment speeds, discount spreads, interest-bearing deposit betas and deposit levels. 
 
 The below simulations assume an immediate 100 and 200 bps parallel increase and decrease from current interest rates and the estimated impact on our EVE profile: 
 
 Table 43 
 Economic Value of Equity Modeling Analysis 
 Estimated Increase (Decrease) in EVE Change in interest rate (bps) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 -200 4.2 5.2 -100 3.2 2.7 +100 (3.2) (2.5) +200 (5.2) (4.6) 
 
 In addition to the above reported sensitivities, a wide variety of potential interest rate scenarios are simulated within our asset/liability management system. Scenarios that impact balance sheet composition or the sensitivity to key assumptions are also evaluated. 
 
 We use results of our various interest rate risk analyses to formulate and implement asset and liability management strategies, in coordination with the Asset Liability Committee, to achieve the desired risk profile, while managing our objectives for market risk and other strategic objectives. Specifically, we may manage our interest rate risk position through certain pricing strategies and product design for loans and deposits, our investment portfolio, funding portfolio, or by using derivatives to mitigate earnings volatility. 
 
 The above sensitivities provide an estimate of our interest rate sensitivity; however, they do not account for potential changes in credit quality, size, mix, or changes in the competition for business in the industries we serve. They also do not account for other business developments and other actions. Accordingly, we can give no assurance that actual results would not differ materially from the estimated outcomes of our simulations. 
 
 104 

Loan Maturity and Loan Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 
 The following table provides loan maturity distribution information: 
 
 Table 44 
 Loan Maturity Distribution 
 dollars in millions At September 30, 2024, Maturing Within One Year One to Five Years Five to 15 Years After 15 Years Total Commercial Commercial construction 1,493 2,644 752 35 4,924 Owner occupied commercial mortgage 1,895 7,347 6,760 370 16,372 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 3,260 9,559 2,492 767 16,078 Commercial and industrial 9,768 16,760 3,330 1,009 30,867 Leases 665 1,256 99 2,020 Total commercial 17,081 37,566 13,433 2,181 70,261 Consumer Residential mortgage 605 2,648 7,164 12,820 23,237 Revolving mortgage 63 196 856 1,340 2,455 Consumer auto 342 1,056 145 1,543 Consumer other 328 652 144 223 1,347 Total consumer 1,338 4,552 8,309 14,383 28,582 SVB Global fund banking 24,887 2,064 163 27,114 Investor dependent - early stage 118 1,010 1,128 Investor dependent - growth stage 196 2,238 2,434 Innovation and cash flow dependent 1,320 7,470 386 9,176 Total SVB 26,521 12,782 549 39,852 Total loans and leases 44,940 54,900 22,291 16,564 138,695 
 
 As noted above, approximately 60 -65 of our total loans have floating contractual reference rates, indexed primarily to the Prime Lending Rate and SOFR. The following table provides information regarding the sensitivity to changes in interest rates of loans and leases maturing one year or after, as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Table 45 
 Loan Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 dollars in millions Loans Maturing One Year or After with Fixed Interest Rates Variable Interest Rates Commercial Commercial construction 1,289 2,142 Owner occupied commercial mortgage 12,898 1,579 Non-owner occupied commercial mortgage 6,608 6,210 Commercial and industrial 10,022 11,077 Leases 1,343 12 Total commercial 32,160 21,020 Consumer Residential mortgage 8,940 13,692 Revolving mortgage 29 2,363 Consumer auto 1,201 Consumer other 308 711 Total consumer 10,478 16,766 SVB Global fund banking 2 2,225 Investor dependent - early stage 23 987 Investor dependent - growth stage 6 2,232 Innovation and cash flow dependent 7,856 Total SVB 31 13,300 Total loans and leases 42,669 51,086 
 105 

Liquidity Risk 
 
 Our liquidity risk management and monitoring process is designed to ensure the availability of adequate cash and collateral resources and funding capacity to meet our obligations. Our overall liquidity management strategy is intended to ensure appropriate liquidity to meet expected and contingent funding needs under both normal and stressed environments. Consistent with this strategy, we maintain sufficient amounts of available cash and HQLS. Additional sources of liquidity include committed credit facilities, repurchase agreements, brokered certificates of deposit issuances, unsecured debt issuances, and cash collections generated by portfolio asset sales to third parties. 
 
 We utilize measurement tools to assess and monitor the level and adequacy of our liquidity position, liquidity conditions and trends. We measure and forecast liquidity and liquidity risks under different hypothetical scenarios and across different horizons. We use a liquidity stress testing framework to better understand the range of potential risks and their impacts to which BancShares is exposed. Stress test results inform our business strategy, risk appetite, levels of liquid assets, and contingency funding plans. Also included among our liquidity measurement tools are key risk indicators that assist in identifying potential liquidity risk and stress events. 
 
 BancShares maintains a framework to establish liquidity risk tolerances, monitoring, and breach escalation protocol to alert management of potential funding and liquidity risks and to initiate mitigating actions as appropriate. Further, BancShares maintains a contingent funding plan, which details protocols and potential actions to be taken under liquidity stress conditions. 
 
 Liquidity includes available cash and HQLS. At September 30, 2024 we had 58.36 billion of high-quality liquid assets (26.5 of total assets) and 29.64 billion of contingent liquidity sources available. 
 
 Table 46 
 Liquidity 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 Available cash 
 24,705 High-quality liquid securities (1) 
 33,654 High-quality liquid assets 58,359 Credit Facilities: Current Capacity (2) 
 FDIC facility (3) 
 8,126 FHLB facility (4) 
 15,795 FRB facility 5,621 Line of credit 100 Total contingent sources 29,642 Total liquid assets and contingent sources 88,001 Total uninsured deposits 58,592 Coverage ratio of total liquid assets and contingent sources to uninsured deposits 150 
 (1) Consists of readily-marketable, unpledged securities, as well as securities pledged but not drawn against at the FHLB and available for sale, and generally is comprised of Treasury and U.S. Agency investment securities held outright or via reverse repurchase agreements. 
 (2) Current capacity is based on the amount of collateral pledged and available for use at September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Advance Facility Agreement with the FDIC obtained in connection with SVBB Acquisition and has a maximum capacity of 70 billion, subject to additional collateral pledge requirements. See below for additional details and limits on use. 
 (4) See following table for additional details. 
 
 We fund our operations through deposits and borrowings. Our primary source of liquidity is derived from our various deposit channels, including our Branch Network and Direct Bank. Total deposits at September 30, 2024 were 151.57 billion, an increase of 5.72 billion or 4 from 145.85 billion at December 31, 2023 and an increase of 495 million or less than 1 from 151.08 billion at June 30, 2024. 
 
 We use borrowings to diversify the funding of our business operations. Total borrowings at September 30, 2024 were 37.16 billion, a decrease of 493 million from 37.65 billion at December 31, 2023 and a decrease of 297 million from 37.46 billion at June 30, 2024. In addition to the Purchase Money Note and FHLB advances, borrowings also include senior unsecured notes, securities sold under customer repurchase agreements, and subordinated notes. 
 
 Refer to the respective Deposits and Borrowings subsections in the Interest-Bearing Liabilities section of this MD A for further details. 

106 

FHLB Capacity 
 A source of available funds is advances from the FHLB of Atlanta. We may pledge assets for secured borrowing transactions, which include borrowings from the FHLB and/or FRB, or for other purposes as required or permitted by law. The debt issued in conjunction with these transactions is collateralized by certain discrete receivables, securities, loans, leases and/or underlying equipment. Certain related cash balances are restricted. 
 
 Table 47 
 FHLB Balances 
 dollars in millions September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total borrowing capacity 17,245 16,134 15,072 Less: Advances Letters of credit (1) 
 1,450 1,450 1,450 Available capacity 15,795 14,684 13,622 Pledged Non-PCD loans (contractual balance) 30,106 27,003 25,370 
 (1) Letters of credit were established with the FHLB to collateralize public funds. 
 
 FRB Capacity 
 Under borrowing arrangements with the FRB of Richmond, FCB has access to 5.62 billion on a secured basis. There were no outstanding borrowings with the FRB Discount Window at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 FDIC Credit Facility 
 FCB and the FDIC entered into the Advance Facility Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2023, and effective as of November 20, 2023, providing total advances available through March 27, 2025 of up to 70 billion (subject to the limits described below) solely to provide liquidity to offset deposit withdrawal or runoff of former SVBB deposit accounts and to fund the unfunded commercial lending commitments acquired in the SVBB Acquisition. Borrowings outstanding under the Advance Facility Agreement are limited to an amount equal to the value of loans and other collateral obtained from SVBB plus the value of any other unencumbered collateral agreed by the parties to serve as additional collateral, reduced by the amount of principal and accrued interest outstanding under the Purchase Money Note and the accrued interest on the Advance Facility Agreement. Interest on any outstanding principal amount accrues at a variable rate equal to the three-month weighted average of the Daily Simple SOFR plus 25 bps (but in no event less than 0.00 ). The facility had a current capacity of 8.13 billion and was not utilized as of September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 2 Business Combinations for further discussion. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table includes significant contractual obligations and commitments as of September 30, 2024, representing required and potential cash outflows, including impacts from purchase accounting adjustments and deferred fees. Refer to Note 21 Commitments and Contingencies for additional information regarding commitments. Financing commitments, letters of credit and deferred purchase commitments are presented at contractual amounts and do not necessarily reflect future cash outflows, as many are expected to expire unused or partially used. 
 
 Table 48 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 dollars in millions Payments Due by Period Less than 1 year 1-3 years 4-5 years Thereafter Total Contractual obligations: Time deposits (1) 
 13,400 688 41 14,129 Short-term borrowings 391 391 Long-term borrowings (1)(2) 
 (35) (74) 36,370 509 36,770 Total contractual obligations 13,756 614 36,411 509 51,290 Commitments: Financing commitments 
 30,144 15,735 3,502 6,766 56,147 Letters of credit 
 1,647 618 98 6 2,369 Deferred purchase agreements 1,902 1,902 Purchase and funding commitments 372 372 Affordable housing partnerships (1) 
 390 570 29 44 1,033 Total commitments 34,455 16,923 3,629 6,816 61,823 
 (1) Time deposits and long-term borrowings are presented net of purchase accounting adjustments of 3 million and 134 million, respectively. On-balance sheet commitments for affordable housing partnerships are included in other liabilities and presented net of a purchase accounting adjustment of 40 million. 
 (2) Bracketed balances represent the estimated amortization of the purchase accounting adjustment and deferred costs in excess of any principal balance. 
 107 

CAPITAL 
 
 Capital requirements applicable to BancShares were discussed in Regulatory Considerations section in Item 1. Business of our 2023 Form 10-K, including a discussion of an NPR issued by the federal banking agencies regarding enhanced capital requirements . 
 
 BancShares total consolidated assets are between 100 billion and 250 billion, and, as such, BancShares is required to comply with certain enhanced prudential standards applicable to Category IV banking organizations, subject to the applicable transition periods. However, the proposed interagency rulemaking announced in 2023 by the FDIC, the FRB and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency could alter the capital framework for banks with total assets of 100 billion or more. We are continuing to monitor these proposed rules. For further discussion, refer to the section entitled Regulatory Considerations in Item 1. Business of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 BancShares maintains a comprehensive capital adequacy process. BancShares establishes internal capital risk limits and warning thresholds, which utilize Risk-Based and Leverage-Based Capital calculations, internal and external early warning indicators, its capital planning process, and stress testing to evaluate BancShares' capital adequacy for multiple types of risk in both normal and stressed environments. The capital management framework requires contingency plans be defined and may be employed at management s discretion . 
 
 Common and Preferred Stock Dividends 
 During the first three quarters of 2024, we paid quarterly dividends of 1.64 on the Class A common stock and Class B common stock. In October 2024, our Board declared and increased the quarterly dividend on the Class A common stock and Class B common stock to 1.95 per common share. The dividends are payable on December 16, 2024 to stockholders of record as of November 29, 2024. 
 
 During the first three quarters of 2024, we paid quarterly dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock as disclosed in Note 15 Stockholders' Equity. In October 2024, our Board declared dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock in accordance with their terms. The dividends are payable on December 16, 2024. 
 
 Capital Composition and Ratios 
 As discussed earlier in this MD A, the Board authorized a Class A common share repurchase program in July 2024. During the current quarter we purchased 353,058 shares. Refer to the Recent Events section above for more information and Part II, Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds for additional information related to our monthly repurchase activity during the current quarter and through October 31, 2024. 
 
 The following table details the change in outstanding Class A common stock through September 30, 2024: 
 
 Table 49 
 Changes in Shares of Class A Common Stock Outstanding 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class A common stock shares outstanding at beginning of period 13,524,550 13,514,933 Shares purchased under authorized repurchase plan (353,058) (353,058) Restricted stock units vested, net of shares held to cover taxes 2,531 12,148 Class A common stock shares outstanding at end of period 13,174,023 13,174,023 
 
 We also had 1,005,185 Class B common stock outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 We are committed to effectively managing our capital to protect our depositors, creditors and stockholders. We continually monitor the capital levels and ratios for BancShares and FCB to ensure they exceed the minimum requirements imposed by regulatory authorities and to ensure they are appropriate given growth projections, risk profile and potential changes in the regulatory or external environment. Failure to meet certain capital requirements may result in actions by regulatory agencies that could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, the unrealized gains and losses on certain assets and liabilities, net of deferred taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders equity. These amounts are excluded from the calculation of our regulatory capital ratios under current regulatory guidelines. 
 108 

Table 50 
 Analysis of Capital Adequacy 
 dollars in millions Basel III Requirements Requirements to be Well Capitalized September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio BancShares Risk-based capital ratios Total risk-based capital 10.50 10.00 24,995 15.36 25,120 15.45 23,891 15.75 Tier 1 risk-based capital 8.50 8.00 22,434 13.78 22,543 13.87 21,150 13.94 Common equity Tier 1 7.00 6.50 21,554 13.24 21,663 13.33 20,270 13.36 Tier 1 leverage ratio 4.00 5.00 22,434 10.17 22,543 10.29 21,150 9.83 FCB Risk-based capital ratios Total risk-based capital 10.50 10.00 23,813 14.64 24,454 15.05 23,600 15.56 Tier 1 risk-based capital 8.50 8.00 21,604 13.28 22,228 13.68 21,227 13.99 Common equity Tier 1 7.00 6.50 21,604 13.28 22,228 13.68 21,227 13.99 Tier 1 leverage ratio 4.00 5.00 21,604 9.80 22,228 10.15 21,227 9.88 
 
 A s of September 30, 2024, BancShares and FCB had risk-based capital ratio conservation buffers of 7.36 and 6.64 , respectively, which are in excess of the Basel III conservation buffer of 2.50 . As of December 31, 2023, BancShares and FCB risk-based capital ratio conservation buffers were 7.75 and 7.56 , respectively. The capital ratio conservation buffers represent the excess of the regulatory capital ratios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 over the Basel III minimum for the ratio that is the binding constraint. Additional Tier 1 capital for BancShares includes perpetual preferred stock. 
 
 Additional Tier 2 capital for BancShares and FCB primarily consists of qualifying ALLL and qualifying subordinated debt. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The ALLL is considered a critical accounting estimate. The ALLL as of September 30, 2024 is discussed in Note 5 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and in the Credit Risk section above. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 The following Accounting Standards Updates ASUs were issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board but are not yet effective for BancShares: 
 
 Standard Summary of Guidance Effect on BancShares Financial Statements 
 ASU No. 2023-09 - Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures Issued December 2023 This ASU enhances income tax disclosure requirements primarily by requiring disclosure of specific categories in the rate reconciliation table and disaggregation of income taxes paid by jurisdiction. Effective for BancShares beginning with our financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2025. Early adoption is permitted, and this ASU allows for adoption on a prospective basis, with a retrospective option permitted to prior periods presented. We are currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on our income tax footnote disclosures. ASU No. 2023-07 - Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures Issued November 2023 This ASU requires disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker CODM and also requires disclosure of the title and position of the CODM. This ASU clarifies that if the CODM uses more than one measure of a segment s profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources, a public entity may report one or more of those additional measures of segment profit. Effective for BancShares beginning with our financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2024, and for interim periods beginning in 2025, with retrospective application required for all periods presented. We did not early adopt this ASU. 
 
 We have evaluated the impact of the ASU and will make the required segment disclosures in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

109 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASUREMENTS 
 
 BancShares provides certain non-GAAP information in reporting its financial results to give investors additional data to evaluate its operations. A non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s historical or future financial performance or financial position that may either exclude or include amounts or is adjusted in some way to the effect of including or excluding amounts, as compared to the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP financial statements. BancShares management believes that non-GAAP financial measures, when reviewed in conjunction with GAAP financial information, can provide transparency about, or an alternate means of assessing, its operating results and financial position to its investors, analysts and management. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, and not superior to or a substitute for, GAAP measures presented in BancShares consolidated financial statements and other publicly filed reports. In addition, our non-GAAP measures may be different from or inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other institutions. 
 
 Whenever we refer to a non-GAAP financial measure we will generally define and present the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, along with a reconciliation between the GAAP financial measure and the non-GAAP financial measure. We describe each of these measures below and explain why we believe the measure to be useful. 
 
 Adjusted Rental Income on Operating Lease Equipment for Rail Segment 
 
 Adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment within the Rail segment is calculated as rental income on operating leases less depreciation and maintenance. This metric allows us to monitor the performance and profitability of the rail leases after deducting direct expenses. 
 
 The following table details a reconciliation of rental income on operating leases to adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment: 
 
 Table 51 
 Rail Segment 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Rental income on operating leases (GAAP) 205 201 190 604 545 Less: depreciation on operating lease equipment 52 51 49 152 142 Less: maintenance and other operating lease expenses 59 60 51 164 163 Adjusted rental income on operating lease equipment (non-GAAP) 94 90 90 288 240 

110 

NIM, Excluding PAA 
 
 NIM, excluding PAA, is a meaningful metric as it allows us to analyze NIM trends more directly related to the rates of the underlying interest earning-assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Loan PAA income is primarily related to the loan discount in the SVBB Acquisition. Other PAA is primarily related to the discount on the Purchase Money Note payable to the FDIC for the SVBB Acquisition and the premium on deposits assumed in the acquisition of CIT Group Inc. 
 
 The following table includes a reconciliation from NIM to NIM, excluding PAA: 
 
 Table 52 
 NIM, Excluding PAA 
 dollars in millions Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 NII (GAAP) a 1,796 1,821 1,990 5,434 4,801 Loan PAA income b 107 145 275 415 535 Other PAA (expense) income c (6) (5) (6) (16) 11 Total PAA d = (b+c) 101 140 269 399 546 NII, excluding PAA (non-GAAP) e = (a-d) 1,695 1,681 1,721 5,035 4,255 Annualized NII (GAAP) f = a annualized 7,147 7,322 7,894 7,259 6,418 Annualized NII, excluding PAA (non-GAAP) g = e annualized 6,746 6,760 6,829 6,726 5,689 Average interest-earning assets h 202,199 200,705 193,720 200,503 162,183 NIM (GAAP) f/h 3.53 3.64 4.07 3.62 3.95 NIM, excluding PAA (non-GAAP) g/h 3.33 3.36 3.52 3.35 3.50 
 111 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Statements in this Form 10-Q contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding the financial condition, results of operations, business plans, asset quality, future performance, and other strategic goals of BancShares. Words such as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, predicts, forecasts, intends, plans, projects, targets, designed, could, may, should, will, potential, continue, aims or other similar words and expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on BancShares current expectations and assumptions regarding BancShares business, the economy, and other future conditions. 
 
 Because forward-looking statements relate to future results and occurrences, they are subject to inherent risks, uncertainties, changes in circumstances and other factors that are difficult to predict. Many possible events or factors could affect BancShares future financial results and performance and could cause actual results, performance or achievements of BancShares to differ materially from any anticipated results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, general competitive, economic, political (including the recent U.S. election), geopolitical events (including conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East) and market conditions, including changes in competitive pressures among financial institutions and the impacts related to or resulting from recent bank failures, the risks and impacts of future bank failures and other volatility in the banking industry, public perceptions of our business practices, including our deposit pricing and acquisition activity, the financial success or changing conditions or strategies of BancShares vendors or customers, including changes in demand for deposits, loans and other financial services, fluctuations in interest rates, changes in the quality or composition of BancShares loan or investment portfolio, actions of government regulators, including the recent interest rate cuts and any changes by the FRB, changes to estimates of future costs and benefits of actions taken by BancShares, BancShares ability to maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity, the potential impact of decisions by the FRB on BancShares capital plans, adverse developments with respect to U.S. or global economic conditions, including significant turbulence in the capital or financial markets, the impact of any sustained or elevated inflationary environment, the impact of any cyberattack, information or security breach, the impact of implementation and compliance with current or proposed laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations, including potential increased regulatory requirements, limitations, and costs, such as FDIC special assessments, increases to FDIC deposit insurance premiums and the proposed interagency rule on regulatory capital, along with the risk that such laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations may change, the availability of capital and personnel, and the risks associated with BancShares previous acquisition transactions, including the SVBB Acquisition and the previously completed transaction with CIT Group Inc., or any future transactions. 
 
 BancShares share repurchase program allows BancShares to repurchase shares of its Class A common stock through 2025. BancShares is not obligated under the share repurchase program to repurchase any minimum or particular number of shares, and repurchases may be suspended or discontinued at any time (subject to the terms of any Rule 10b5-1 plan in effect) without prior notice. The authorization to repurchase Class A common stock will be utilized at management s discretion. The actual timing and amount of Class A common stock that may be repurchased will depend on a number of factors, including the terms of any Rule 10-b5-1 plan then in effect, price, general business and market conditions, regulatory requirements, and alternative investment opportunities or capital needs. 
 
 Except to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations, BancShares disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements included herein to reflect future events or developments. Additional factors which could affect the forward-looking statements can be found in the 2023 Form 10-K and its other filings with the SEC. 

112 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 Market risk is the potential economic loss resulting from changes in market prices and interest rates. This risk can either result in diminished current fair values of financial instruments or reduced NII in future periods. Changes in fair value that result from movement in market rates cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. Therefore, the impact that future changes in market rates will have on the fair values of financial instruments is uncertain. 
 
 The information required by this Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk is set forth in the Risk Management section of Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part I of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as of September 30, 2024. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that we are able to record, process, summarize and report in a timely manner the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file under the Exchange Act. 
 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 We review our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and make changes intended to ensure the quality of our financial reporting. The evaluation of the changes to processes, information technology systems and other components of internal control over financial reporting related to the SVBB Acquisition is ongoing. Otherwise, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, BancShares internal control over financial reporting. 

113 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 The Parent Company and certain of its subsidiaries are named as defendants in various legal actions arising from our normal business activities in which damages in various amounts were claimed. Although the amount of any ultimate liability with respect to those matters cannot be determined, in the opinion of management, no legal actions currently exist that would be material to BancShares consolidated financial statements. Additional information relating to legal proceedings is set forth in Note 21 Commitments and Contingencies, of BancShares Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 There have been no material changes in the risk factors during 2024 from those reported in our 2023 Form 10-K . For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that management believes are material to an investment in us, refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors , of our 2023 Form 10-K , and Forward-Looking Statements of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 (c) The following table summarizes our monthly Class A common stock repurchase activity during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, BancShares purchased an additional 189,709 shares of Class A common stock through October 31, 2024. 
 
 Table 53 
 Issuer Purchases of Class A Common Stock 
 dollars in millions, except per share data Total Number of Class A Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under Plan Repurchases from July 1 - 31, 2024 66,293 2,113.47 66,293 3,360 Repurchases from August 1 - 31, 2024 176,333 1,985.53 176,333 3,010 Repurchases from September 1 - 30, 2024 110,432 1,899.43 110,432 2,800 Total 353,058 1,982.68 353,058 2,800 
 
 On July 25, 2024, BancShares announced that its Board authorized a share repurchase program, which allows BancShares to repurchase shares of its Class A common stock in an aggregate amount up to 3.5 billion through December 31, 2025. 
 
 Under the authorized share repurchase program, shares of BancShares Class A common stock may be purchased from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, including through a Rule 10b5-1 plan, but the Board s action does not obligate BancShares to repurchase any minimum or particular number of shares, and repurchases may be suspended or discontinued at any time (subject to the terms of any Rule 10b5-1 plan in effect) without prior notice. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, none of BancShares directors or officers or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

114 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith) 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith) 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith) 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith) 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (filed herewith) 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (filed herewith) 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (filed herewith) 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (filed herewith) 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase (filed herewith) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document filed as Exhibit 101) Interactive data files are furnished but not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 115 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 7, 2024 First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (Registrant) By: /s/ Craig L. Nix Craig L. Nix Chief Financial Officer 

116 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fcnca_exx311x3q2024ceocert.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Frank B. Holding, Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (i) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (ii) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (iii) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (iv) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 
 (i) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (ii) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 7, 2024 

s Frank B. Holding, Jr. 
 Frank B. Holding, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 fcnca_exx312x3q2024cfocert.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Craig L. Nix, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (i) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (ii) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (iii) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (iv) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 
 (i) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (ii) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 7, 2024 

s Craig L. Nix 
 Craig L. Nix Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 fcnca_exx321x3q2024ceocert.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that (i) the Form 10-Q filed by First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (the Issuer for the period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in that report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer on the dates and for the periods presented therein. 
 
 November 7, 2024 
 
 s Frank B. Holding, Jr. 
 Frank B. Holding, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 fcnca_exx322x3q2024cfocert.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that (i) the Form 10-Q filed by First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (the Issuer for the period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in that report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer on the dates and for the periods presented therein. 
 
 November 7, 2024 
 
 s Craig L. Nix 
 Craig L. Nix Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fcnca-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fcnca-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fcnca-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fcnca-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fcnca-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

