<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_353184_0000353184-24-000133.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9459889</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114490</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1570421</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3387063</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2226787</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1979057</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000353184-24-000133.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112163054
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000353184-24-000133
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AIR T INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000353184
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR COURIER SERVICES [4513]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				521206400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35476
		FILM NUMBER:		241448937

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11020 DAVID TAYLOR DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 305
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28262
		BUSINESS PHONE:		980-595-2840

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11020 DAVID TAYLOR DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 305
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28262

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AIR TRANSPORTATION HOLDING CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ATLANTA EXPRESS AIRLINE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840321

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000353184-24-000133.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 airt-20240930.htm
 10-Q

airt-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark one) Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the quarterly period ended Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from _____to _____ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 
 
 Global Market 
 Issued by Air T Funding 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Common Stock Common Shares, par value of .25 per share Outstanding Shares at October 31, 2024 

AIR T, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Unaudited) For The Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) For The Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) For The Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) For The Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 PART II 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 37 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 38 
 Signatures 
 41 
 Exhibit Index Certifications Interactive Data Files 
 
 2 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 AIR T, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating Revenues: Overnight air cargo Ground equipment sales Commercial jet engines and parts Corporate and other Operating Expenses: Overnight air cargo Ground equipment sales Commercial jet engines and parts Corporate and other General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Operating Income Non-operating (Expense) Income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income from equity method investments Other ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Income (Loss) before income taxes ) ) Income Tax Expense Net Income (Loss) ) ) Net Income Attributable to Non-controlling Interests ) ) ) ) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Air T, Inc. Stockholders ) ) Income (Loss) per share (Note 5) Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted Average Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

AIR T, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, (In Thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income (Loss) ) ) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) Reclassification of interest rate swaps into earnings ) ) ) ) Redemption of non-controlling interest Other ) ) Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Total Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Comprehensive Income Attributable to Non-controlling Interests ) ) ) ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Air T, Inc. Stockholders ) ) 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

AIR T, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) September 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Restricted investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses Due from Crestone Asset Management, LLC ("CAM") for expense reimbursements Other current assets (includes and measured at fair value) 
 Total Current Assets Notes Receivable - Lendway, Inc. ("Lendway") Equity method investments Assets on lease or held for lease, net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and 
 Right-of-use ("ROU") assets Other assets (includes and measured at fair value) 
 Goodwill Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Income tax payable Accrued expenses and other (Note 3) Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt - related party (Note 12) Short-term lease liability Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt Long-term debt - related party (Note 12) Deferred income tax liabilities, net Long-term lease liability Other non-current liabilities Total Liabilities Redeemable non-controlling interests Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) par value, shares authorized 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued, and shares outstanding 
 Treasury stock, shares at and shares at 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Air T, Inc. Stockholders' Equity Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

AIR T, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 (In Thousands) Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net Income (Loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile Net Income (Loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Income from equity method investments ) ) Other Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories Accounts payable Accrued expenses ) ) Employee retention credit receivable Other ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Investment in unconsolidated entities ) Distribution from unconsolidated entities Capital expenditures related to property equipment ) ) Capital expenditures related to assets on lease or held for lease ) Disbursements for note receivable - Lendway ) Other ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from lines of credit Payments on lines of credit ) ) Proceeds from term loan Payments on term loan ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES: Equipment in inventory transferred to assets on lease Assumption of liabilities to acquire assets on lease Non-cash contribution from non-controlling interest Contingent earnout for Contrail Aviation Support, LLC ("Contrail") redeemed interest Related-party note payable for Contrail redeemed interest 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

AIR T, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 (In Thousands) Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, March 31, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Stock compensation expense Foreign currency translation loss ) ) Adjustment to fair value of redeemable non-controlling interest Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps, net of tax Reclassification of interest rate swaps into earnings ) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock Exercise of stock options Stock compensation expense Foreign currency translation loss ) ) Adjustment to fair value of redeemable non-controlling interest Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps, net of tax Reclassification of interest rate swaps into earnings ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 (In Thousands) Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, March 31, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Stock option forfeiture (Note 16) ) ) Stock compensation expense Foreign currency translation loss ) ) Redemption of non-controlling interest Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps Reclassification of interest rate swaps into earnings ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Repurchase of common stock Stock option forfeiture (Note 16) ) ) Stock compensation expense Foreign currency translation gain Reclassification of interest rate swaps into earnings ) ) Initial consolidation of CASP, LLC Allocation of comprehensive income from unconsolidated investments Allocation of comprehensive income to redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

AIR T, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

1. 

8 

2. 
 In addition to the above type of revenues, the Company also has Leasing Revenue, which is in scope under Topic 842 (Leases) and out of scope under Topic 606 and Other Revenues (Freight, Management Fees, etc.) which are immaterial for disclosure under Topic 606. 
 Ground equipment sales Commercial jet engines and parts Corporate and other Support Services Overnight air cargo Ground equipment sales Commercial jet engines and parts Corporate and other Leasing Revenue Ground equipment sales Commercial jet engines and parts Corporate and other Other Overnight air cargo Ground equipment sales Commercial jet engines and parts Corporate and other Total 
 See Note 1 4 for the Company's disaggregated revenues by geographic region and Note 1 5 for the Company s disaggregated revenues by segment. These notes disaggregate revenue recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. 
 Contract Balances and Costs 
 
 Contract liabilities relate to deferred revenue, our unconditional right to receive consideration in advance of performance with respect to subscription revenue and advanced customer deposits with respect to product sales. 
 
 As of April 1, 2024 For the six months ended September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 9 

3. 
 
 Profit sharing and bonus Other Deposits Deferred Income Other Total 
 
 10 

4. 
 
 million in income tax expense at an effective rate ("ETR") of . The Company has computed the provision for income taxes based on the estimated annual effective tax rate excluding loss jurisdictions with no tax benefit and the application of discrete items, if any, for interim reporting. The primary factors contributing to the difference between the federal statutory rate of 21.0 and the Company's effective tax rate for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 were the valuation allowance related to the Company s U.S. consolidated group, Delphax Technologies, Inc. DTI ), Landing Gear Support Services PTE LTD LGSS ), Delphax Solutions, Inc. ("DSI") and BCCM Advisors (Kenya) Limited ("BCCM Kenya"), and the foreign rate differentials for Air T s operations located in the Netherlands and Puerto Rico. 
 
 During the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded income tax expense of million at an ETR of ) . The Company has computed the provision for income taxes based on the estimated annual effective tax rate excluding loss jurisdictions with no tax benefit and the application of discrete items, if any, for interim reporting. The primary factors contributing to the difference between the federal statutory rate of 21.0 and the Company's effective tax rate for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023 were the valuation allowance related to the Company s U.S. consolidated group, DSI, DTI, and LGSS, and the foreign rate differentials for Air T s operations located in the Netherlands and Puerto Rico. 
 
 During the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million in income tax expense at an ETR of . The Company has computed the provision for income taxes based on the estimated annual effective tax rate excluding loss jurisdictions with no tax benefit and the application of discrete items, if any, for interim reporting. The primary factors contributing to the difference between the federal statutory rate of 21.0 and the Company's effective tax rate for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, were the valuation allowance related to the Company s U.S. consolidated group, DTI, LGSS, DSI and BCCM Kenya, and the foreign rate differentials for Air T s operations located in the Netherlands and Puerto Rico. 
 
 During the six-month period ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded income tax expense of million at an ETR of ) The Company has computed the provision for income taxes based on the estimated annual effective tax rate excluding loss jurisdictions with no tax benefit and the application of discrete items, if any, for interim reporting. The primary factors contributing to the difference between the federal statutory rate of 21.0 and the Company's effective tax rate for the six-month period ended September 30, 2023 were the valuation allowance related to the Company s U.S. consolidated group, DSI, DTI, and LGSS, and the foreign rate differentials for Air T s operations located in the Netherlands and Puerto Rico. 
 
 11 

5. 
 options outstanding as of September 30, 2024 under the Air T's 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, none were exercisable. 
 ) ) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Air T, Inc. Stockholders ) ) Income (loss) per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Antidilutive shares excluded from computation of income (loss) per share Weighted Average Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted 

12 

6. 
 ) Internally developed software ) In-place lease and other intangibles ) Customer relationships ) Patents ) Other ) ) In-process software Intangible assets, total ) 
 March 31, 2024 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Purchased software ) Internally developed software ) In-place lease and other intangibles ) Customer relationships ) Patents ) Other ) ) In-process software Intangible assets, total ) 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Thereafter 
 million and million, respectively. The increase from the prior fiscal year end balance is attributable to foreign currency translation adjustments related to the goodwill balance at Shanwick. There was no impairment on goodwill during the six months ended September 30, 2024. 
 13 

7. 
 . As a result of this refinancing, the Company determined that the interest rate swap on Term Note A was no longer an effective hedge. The Company amortized the fair value of the interest-rate swap contract included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with Term Note A at the time of de-designation into earnings over the remainder of its term. On July 10, 2024, the interest rate swap on Term Note A - MBT was terminated and the Company received proceeds in the amount million with the net realized loss on swap termination included in other income (loss) on the condensed consolidated statement of income (loss). The swap termination has no impact on the Company's accounting for the fair value adjustments of the interest-rate swap contract included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with Term Note A - MBT. On July 10, 2024, the interest rate swap on Term Note D - MBT was also terminated and the Company received proceeds in the amount thousand with the net realized loss on swap termination included in other income (loss) on the condensed consolidated statement of income (loss). As a result of this swap termination, the Company determined that the interest rate swap on Term Note D - MBT was no longer an effective hedge. The Company will amortize the fair value of the interest-rate swap contract included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with Term Note D - MBT at the time of de-designation into earnings over the remaining term of the interest rate swap prior to termination. 
 On January 7, 2022, Contrail completed an interest rate swap transaction with Old National Bank ("ONB") with respect to the million loan made to Contrail in November 2020 pursuant to the Main Street Priority Loan Facility as established by the U.S. Federal Reserve ("Contrail - Term Note G"). The purpose of the floating-to-fixed interest rate swap transaction was to effectively fix the loan interest rate at . As of February 24, 2022, this swap contract was designated as a cash flow hedging instrument and qualified as an effective hedge in accordance with ASC 815. On March 30, 2023, Contrail made a prepayment of million on Contrail - Term Note G. As a result of this prepayment, the Company determined that the interest rate swap on Contrail - Term Note G was no longer an effective hedge. The Company will amortize the fair value of the interest-rate swap contract included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with Contrail - Term Note G at the time of de-designation into earnings over the remainder of its term. In addition, any changes in the fair value of Contrail - Term Note G's swap after March 30, 2023 are recognized directly into earnings. 
 When the interest rate swaps were designated as effective hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value on these instruments were recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into the consolidated statement of income (loss) as interest expense in the same period in which the underlying hedged transaction affected earnings. The changes in the fair value of the instruments during the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, inclusive of Term Note D - MBT due to its effective hedge designation at the time, were not material. The interest rate swaps are considered Level 2 fair value measurements. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the fair value of these interest-rate swap contracts was an asset of million and million, respectively, which is included within other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. We estimate that million of net unrealized gains related to the interest rate swaps included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) will be reclassified into earnings within the next twelve months. 
 
 The Company also invests in exchange-traded marketable securities and accounts for that activity in accordance with ASC 321, Investments- Equity Securities. Marketable equity securities are carried at fair value, with changes in fair market value included in the determination of net income. The fair market value of marketable equity securities is determined based on quoted market prices in active markets and are therefore, considered Level 1 fair value measurements. 
 
 Unrealized Losses 
 
 These unrealized gains and losses are included in other income (loss) on the condensed consolidated statement of income (loss). As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the fair value of these marketable equity securities was an asset of million and million, respectively, which is included within restricted investments and other current assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

14 

8. 
 Lendway shares, representing approximately of Lendway's outstanding shares. 
 On August 15, 2024, the Company entered into a delayed draw term loan with Lendway for up to million with an interest rate of . On September 27, 2024 the borrowing limit was increased to million and as of September 30, 2024, million has been drawn. All outstanding principal and accrued interest will become due and payable to the Company on the maturity date, which is the earlier of August 15, 2029 or by written demand of the Company after February 15, 2026. Prior to the maturity, Lendway may prepay any accrued interest or principal outstanding without penalty. 
 Cadillac Casting, Inc. investment 
 The Company's investment in Cadillac Casting, Inc. ("CCI") is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Due to the differing fiscal year-ends, the Company has elected a three-month lag to record the CCI investment, with a basis difference decrease of million. The Company recorded a basis difference adjustment of thousand and thousand in each of the three and six months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Gross Profit Operating income Net income 
 Crestone Asset Management, LLC investment 
 On May 5, 2021, the Company formed an aircraft asset management business called Crestone Asset Management, LLC ("CAM"), formerly known as Contrail Asset Management LLC, and an aircraft capital joint venture called Crestone JV II LLC ("CJVII"), formerly known as Contrail JV II LLC. The venture focuses on acquiring commercial aircraft and jet engines for leasing, trading and disassembly. The joint venture, CJVII, was formed as a series LLC ("CJVII Series"). It consists of several individual series that target investments in current generation narrow-body aircraft and engines, building on Contrail s origination and asset management expertise. CAM was formed to serve two separate and distinct functions: 1) to direct the sourcing, acquisition and management of aircraft assets owned by CJVII Series as governed by the Management Agreement between CJVII and CAM Asset Management Function ), and 2) to directly invest into CJVII Series alongside other institutional investment partners Investment Function ). 
 CAM has classes of equity interests: 1) common interests and 2) investor interests. Neither interest votes as the entity is operated by a Board of Directors. The common interests of CAM relate to its Asset Management Function. The investor interests of CAM relate to the Company s and Mill Road Capital s MRC investments through CAM into CJVII (the Investment Function) and ultimately into the individual CJVII Series. With regard to CAM s common interests, the Company currently owns of the economic common interests in CAM, and MRC owns the remaining . MRC invested million directly into CAM in exchange for of the common interests. For the Asset Management Function, CAM receives origination fees, management fees, consignment fees (where applicable) and a carried interest from the direct investors into each CJVII Series. Such fee income and carried interest will be distributed to the Company and MRC in proportion to their respective common interests. 
 The Company determined that CAM is a variable interest entity and that the Company is not the primary beneficiary. This is primarily the result of the Company's conclusion that it does not control CAM s Board of Directors, which has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of CAM. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate CAM and has determined to account for this investment using equity method accounting. The Company accounts for its investment in CAM using the hypothetical liquidation at book value ("HLBV") method without a reporting lag. The HLBV method uses a balance sheet approach to capture changes in the Company's claim on CAM's net assets from a period-end hypothetical liquidation at book value. This approach provides a more accurate reflection of the Company's investment in CAM, compared to recording its proportionate share of income or loss. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, contributions from and distributions to both Air T and MRC for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Contributions Distributions 
 Investment balances for the Company's equity method investees as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 is as follows (in thousands): 
 Investment September 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 Lendway CCI CAM Other equity method investments Total 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Air T, Inc. stockholders for the Company's equity method investees, included in non-operating (expense) income on the condensed consolidated statements of income (loss), including basis difference adjustments, during the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended Investment September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Lendway ) ) ) CCI CAM ) ) Other equity method investments Total 
 The Company's equity method investees may, from time to time, make distributions and dividends to the Company in accordance with accumulated earnings at the investee. For the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company received distributions and dividends from equity method investees as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended Investment September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Lendway CCI CAM Other equity method investments Total 
 15 

9. 
 Ground equipment manufacturing: Raw materials Work in process Finished goods Corporate and other: Raw materials Finished goods Commercial jet engines and parts: Parts Total inventories Reserves ) ) Total inventories, net of reserves 
 16 

10. 
 and years under operating lease agreements. On August 26, 2024, Contrail executed the operating agreement for CASP Leasing 1, LLC ("CASP"), a newly created and owned subsidiary of Contrail. On August 29, 2024, CASP entered into two purchase agreements to acquire and subsequently lease two Airbus Model A321-111 aircraft. For the assets currently on lease, there are no options for the lessees to purchase the assets at the end of the lease term. The Company depreciates the aircrafts and engines on a straight-line basis over the assets' useful life from the acquisition date to an estimated residual value. During the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized depreciation expense relating to equipment leases of million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense relating to equipment leases for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023 was not material. 
 
 Future minimum rental payments to be received do not include contingent rentals that may be received under certain leases because amounts are based on usage. During the respective three and six months ended September 30, 2024, earned contingent rent on equipment leases totaled approximately million. The Company had contingent rent earned on equipment leases during the three and six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Office leases 
 
 The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Wolfe Lake, leases offices to third parties with lease terms between and years under operating lease agreements. For the offices currently on lease, there are no options for the lessees to purchase the spaces at the end of the leases. Our contractual obligations for offices currently on lease can include termination and renewal options. We utilize the reasonably certain threshold criteria in determining which options our customers will exercise. The Company depreciates the assets on a straight-line basis over the assets' useful life. During the respective three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation expense relating to office leases was million. During the respective six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation expense relating to office leases was million. 
 
 During the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized rental and other revenues related to operating lease payments of million and million, respectively, of which variable lease payments were million and million, respectively. During the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized rental and other revenues related to operating lease payments of million and million, respectively, of which variable lease payments were million and million, respectively. Future minimum rental payments to be received do not include variable lease payments that may be received under certain leases because amounts are based on usage. 

2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Thereafter Total 
 
 17 

11. 
 to years; however, we have certain leases with longer terms of up to years. Many of our leases include options to extend the lease for an additional period. 
 The lease term for all of the Company s leases includes the non-cancellable period of the lease, plus any additional periods covered by either a Company option to extend the lease that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, or an option to extend the lease controlled by the lessor that is considered likely to be exercised. 
 Payments due under the lease contracts include fixed payments plus, for some of our leases, variable payments. Variable payments are typically operating costs associated with the underlying asset and are recognized when the event, activity, or circumstance in the lease agreement on which those payments are assessed occurs. Our leases do not contain residual value guarantees. 
 The Company has elected to combine lease and non-lease components as a single component and not to recognize leases on the balance sheet with an initial term of one year or less. 
 The interest rate implicit in lease contracts is typically not readily determinable, and as such the Company utilizes the incremental borrowing rate to calculate lease liabilities, which is the rate incurred to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 Amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for leases where we are the lessee as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had ROU assets that were obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities in the amount of million. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Interest ) Total lease liabilities 

18 

12. 
 of its interest in Contrail, effective as of April 1, 2024. The purchase price for the redeemed interest is million, plus an earnout amount. The cash purchase price is payable pursuant to a secured, subordinated promissory note ("OCAS Loan"), payable beginning on May 1, 2024 and monthly thereafter for a period of interest payments only with the outstanding balance amortized and paid over the following . Interest accrues on the principal amount at an annual rate equal to the Treasury bond yield plus basis points, compounded monthly. The rate adjusts on each anniversary date of the note. The payment obligation under the note may be deferred if Contrail s forecast indicates that any payment following the first period would cause a loan default or a loan default exists. Initially, the payment obligation would revert back to interest only, unless a default exists, in which case no payment would be required. If Contrail is unable to make a payment for months, then interest shall cease to accrue. The note is expressly subordinated to the payment in full of all indebtedness of Contrail on or prior to the date of the note or thereafter created. The OCAS Loan is classified as related party debt on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet. As a result, it is excluded from the tables of current financing arrangements and contractual financing obligations below. 
 On August 29, 2024, the Company and of the Company s subsidiaries ("Alerus Loan Parties") entered into a credit agreement (the New Credit Agreement with Alerus Financial, National Association (the Lender ). The New Credit Agreement provides for a secured revolving credit facility ("Revolver - Alerus") in an initial maximum principal amount of up to million. Availability under the Revolver - Alerus is subject to a borrowing base and provides for a sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate amount not to exceed million, with the outstanding amount of any such letters of credit reducing availability for borrowings under the revolving credit facility. Revolver - Alerus matures on February 28, 2026 and the balance outstanding bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of or one-month SOFR plus . 
 
 In addition to the Revolver - Alerus, the New Credit Agreement provides for secured term loans Term Note A ("Term Note A - Alerus") and Term Note B ("Term Note B - Alerus"). Term Note A - Alerus is a loan in the principal amount of million that matures on August 15, 2029 that bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of or one-month SOFR plus . Term Note A - Alerus requires monthly payments of principal commencing September 15, 2024 with such payments set at a level principal amortization and a payment of million due at maturity. 
 
 Term Note B - Alerus is a loan in the principal amount of million that matures on August 15, 2029 and bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of or one-month SOFR plus . Term Note B - Alerus requires monthly payments of principal commencing September 15, 2024 with such payments set at a year level principal amortization and a payment of million due at maturity. 
 
 Term Note A and Term Note B may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time, subject to accrued interest and a prepayment premium. The prepayment premium is: of the prepaid amount in the first loan year, in the second and third loan years, in the fourth and fifth loan years, and no premium after the fifth loan year. No prepayment premium applies if it is refinanced by the Lender or prepaid with funds from the Alerus Loan Parties internally generated cash flows. 
 
 The Alerus Loan Parties are co-borrowers under the New Credit Agreement and each of the notes and include the following subsidiaries: AirCo, LLC, Airco 2, LLC, Air Zona Aircraft Services, Inc., AirCo Services, LLC, CSA Air, Inc., Global Ground Support, LLC, Jet Yard, LLC, Jet Yard Solutions, LLC, Mountain Air Cargo, Inc., Stratus Aero Partners, LLC, Worldwide Aircraft Services, Inc., and Worthington Aviation, LLC. The obligations of the Alerus Loan Parties under the New Credit Agreement and the notes are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Alerus Loan Parties' current assets, including accounts receivable and inventory. The Company is not a borrower under the New Credit Agreement but has guaranteed the obligations of the Borrowers owed to the Lender. In addition, Air T, Inc. has pledged a brokerage account of marketable securities held at a securities intermediary to secure the obligations. Furthermore, the obligations are further secured by a deed of trust on approximately acres of real estate that includes a square foot office building in Denver, North Carolina. 
 
 The New Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant that the Borrowers will not permit the debt service coverage ratio to be less than to 1.00 at any quarterly measurement date or permit the leverage ratio to be greater than to 1.00 at any semi-annual measurement date. The New Credit Agreement also includes other customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default. Upon the occurrence of events of default, the obligations to the Lender may be accelerated and the commitments may be terminated. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the New Credit Agreement, the Company and its subsidiaries used proceeds from the new financing to satisfy and discharge all obligations, and terminated all commitments, under the Company s previous secured credit facility with Minnesota Bank Trust ("MBT"). All debt issuance cost were expensed as debt extinguishment cost within other income (loss) on the condensed consolidated statement of income (loss). The Company incurred no termination penalties in connection with such termination. 
 
 On September 12, 2024, Contrail entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Master Loan Agreement dated June 24, 2019 and Supplement #11 to the Master Loan Agreement, and Term Note J with Old National Bank ("ONB"). Term Note J is a term loan in the principal amount of million. The loan bears a variable monthly interest rate at the 1-month SOFR Rate plus and requires equal monthly payments of principal and interest until the loan maturity date of September 12, 2028. The loan requires compliance with covenants that require minimum Tangible Net Worth of million and a Quarterly Cash Flow Coverage of not less than to 1.0. In order to induce ONB to enter into these agreements, Contrail and OCAS, Inc. entered into a subordination agreement dated September 12, 2024 to address certain loan matters and to establish the priority of repayment of Contrail s debt to ONB over the OCAS Loan in the original principal amount of million. 
 
 8/31/2024 SOFR + range of - 
 Recourse Term Note A - MBT 1 
 8/31/2031 Recourse Term Note B - MBT 1 
 8/31/2031 Recourse Term Note D - MBT 1 
 1/1/2028 1-month LIBOR + 
 Recourse Term Note F - MBT 1 
 1/31/2028 Greater of or Prime + 
 Recourse Debt - Trust Preferred Securities 2 6/7/2049 Recourse Total Jet Yard Debt Term Loan - MBT 1 
 8/31/2031 Recourse Total Alerus Loan Parties Debt Revolver - Alerus 2/28/2026 Greater of or 1-month SOFR + 
 Recourse Term Note A - Alerus 8/15/2029 Greater of or 1-month SOFR + 
 Recourse Term Note B - Alerus 8/15/2029 Greater of or 1-month SOFR + 
 Recourse Total Contrail Debt Revolver - ONB 11/24/2025 1-month SOFR + 
 Limited recourse 3 Term Loan G - ONB 11/24/2025 1-month SOFR + 
 Limited recourse 3 
 Term Note I - ONB 9/28/2025 1-month SOFR + 
 Limited recourse 3 
 Term Note J - ONB 9/12/2028 1-month SOFR + 
 Limited recourse 3 
 Total AirCo 1 Debt Term Loan - PSB 12/11/2025 3-month SOFR + 
 Non-recourse Total Wolfe Lake Debt Term Loan - Bridgewater 12/2/2031 Non-recourse Total Air T Acquisition 22.1 Term Loan - Bridgewater 2/8/2027 Non-recourse Term Loan A - ING 2/1/2027 Non-recourse Term Loan B - ING 5/1/2027 Non-recourse Total WASI Debt Promissory Note - Seller's Note 1/1/2026 Non-recourse Total AAM 24-1 Debt Promissory Notes - Honeywell 2/22/2031 Non-recourse Total Total Debt Unamortized Premiums and Debt Issuance Costs ) ) Total Debt, net 
 September 30, 2026 September 30, 2027 September 30, 2028 September 30, 2029 Thereafter Unamortized Premiums and Debt Issuance Costs ) 
 
 1 The revolver and term notes with MBT were fully paid off with the proceeds from the new credit agreement with Alerus. The Company terminated all commitments under the credit facility with MBT as of August 29, 2024. 
 2 Does not include million held by wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. 
 3 Includes Air T's guarantee of approximately million. 
 19 

13. 
 (retrospectively adjusted to after the stock split on June 10, 2019) shares of the Company s common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, in compliance with SEC Rule 10b-18, over an indefinite period. No shares were repurchased during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The excise tax incurred in connection with the Company's stock repurchases during the six months ended September 30, 2024 was not material. 

14. 
 Foreign Total tangible long-lived assets, net 
 
 The net book value of tangible long-lived assets located within each individual foreign country at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 is listed below (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 Bulgaria Thailand Other Total tangible long-lived assets, net 
 
 Foreign Total revenue 
 
 20 

15. 
 business segments: overnight air cargo, ground equipment sales, commercial jet engine and parts, and corporate and other. 
 International Total Overnight Air Cargo Ground Equipment Sales: Domestic International Total Ground Equipment Sales Commercial Jet Engines and Parts: Domestic International Total Commercial Jet Engines and Parts Corporate and Other: Domestic International Total Corporate and Other Total Operating Income (Loss): Overnight Air Cargo Ground Equipment Sales ) ) ) Commercial Jet Engines and Parts Corporate and Other ) ) ) ) Total Capital Expenditures: Overnight Air Cargo Ground Equipment Sales Commercial Jet Engines and Parts Corporate and Other Total Depreciation and Amortization: Overnight Air Cargo Ground Equipment Sales Commercial Jet Engines and Parts Corporate and Other Total 

21 

16. 
 of its interest in Contrail, with the earnout period being retroactive to April 1, 2024. The purchase price for the redeemed interest is million in the form of a secured, subordinated promissory note, plus an earnout amount valued at million. Under the Redemption Agreement, the Seller is entitled to an annual earnout payment equal to of Contrail's adjusted EBITDA over million in each fiscal year beginning on March 31, 2025 and continuing through March 31, 2029. Pursuant to the Redemption Agreement, Contrail is required to calculate the earnout payments annually within 30 days following the completion of the annual audits of the Company and Contrail and payment of any amount due is required following satisfaction of a procedure to address any objections to the calculated amount. The earnout pursuant to the Redemption Agreement is a Level 3 fair value measurement that is valued at million as of September 30, 2024 with an increase in value from the effective date of April 1, 2024 in the amount of million included as part of other non-operating income in the condensed consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 In connection with the Redemption Agreement, the parties agreed to certain technical amendments to the First Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Contrail and entered into a new Put and Call Agreement with respect to the remaining interest in Contrail held by the Seller. Pursuant to the new Put and Call Agreement, commencing April 1, 2026 and at any time thereafter, either Contrail or the Seller has the option to elect by written notice to purchase or sell all of the remaining interest in Contrail held by the Seller. The purchase price for the interest is equal to of the Contrail Equity Value, which is defined as an amount equal to times the average Adjusted EBITDA of Contrail's most recent three completed fiscal years at the time an option notice is delivered. The purchase price for the interest is to be paid in equal quarterly installments over a period, together with interest at the then current Treasury bond yield plus adjusted annually. The Company has presented this redeemable non-controlling interest in Contrail ("Contrail RNCI") between the liabilities and equity sections of the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. In addition, the Company has elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the greater of fair value on the date of the agreement, adjusted for allocable income and loss, or the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. 
 
 In February 2022, in connection with the Company's acquisition of GdW, a consolidated subsidiary of Shanwick, the Company entered into a shareholder agreement with the non-controlling interest owners of Shanwick, providing for the governance of and the terms of membership interests in Shanwick. The shareholder agreement includes the Shanwick Put/Call Option with regard to the non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest holders are the executive management of the underlying business. The Shanwick Put/Call Option grants the Company an option to purchase the interest at the call option price that equals the average EBIT over the three Financial Years prior to the exercise of the Call Option multiplied by . In addition, the Shanwick Put/Call Option also grants the non-controlling interest owners an option to require the Company to purchase from them their respective ownership interests at the Put Option price, that is equal to the average EBIT over the three Financial Years prior to the exercise of the Put Option multiplied by seven and one-half. The Call Option and the Put Option may be exercised at any time from the fifth anniversary of the shareholder agreement and then only at the end of each fiscal year of Air T ("Shanwick RNCI"). 
 
 The Company has presented the Shanwick RNCI between the liabilities and equity sections of the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. In addition, the Company has elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the estimated redemption value at the end of each reporting period. As the Shanwick RNCI will be redeemed at established multiples of EBIT, it is considered redeemable at other than fair value. Changes in its estimated redemption value are recorded on our consolidated statements of operations within non-controlling interests. 
 
 Contribution from non-controlling members Distribution to non-controlling members ) ) ) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Other comprehensive income attributable to the RNCI ) ) Redemption value adjustments Redemption of non-controlling interests ) ) Ending Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Crestone Asset Management, LLC and CJVII, LLC 
 
 For CAM's Investment Function, as described in Note 8 , CAM's initial commitment to CJVII was approximately million. The Company and MRC have commitments to CAM in the respective amounts of million and million. These represent the investor interests of CAM, separate and distinct from the common interests. Any investment returns on CAM s investor interests are shared pro-rata between the Company and MRC for each individual investment at the CJVII Series. Per its Operating Agreement, CAM is comprised of only two Series: the Onshore and the Offshore Series. Participation in each is determined solely based on whether a potential investment at the CJVII Series is a domestic (Onshore) or international (Offshore) investment. As of September 30, 2024, for its Investment Function, the Company has contributed million to CAM s Offshore Series and million to CAM s Onshore Series. The Company fulfilled its Investment Function initial commitment to CAM in fiscal year 2023. 
 In connection with the formation of CAM, MRC has a fixed price put option of million to sell its common equity in CAM to the Company at each of the first three ) anniversary dates. At the later of (a) five ) years after execution of the agreement and (b) distributions to MRC per the waterfall equal to their capital contributions, Air T has a call option and MRC has a put option on the MRC common interests in CAM ("secondary put and call option"). If either party exercises the option, the exercise price will be fair market value if Air T pays in cash at closing or of fair market value if Air T opts to pay in three ) equal annual installments after exercise. With respect to the secondary put and call option, as it is priced at fair value, the Company determined that there is no potential loss or gain upon exercise that would need to be recognized. 
 
 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan 
 
 On December 29, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors unanimously approved the Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), which was subsequently approved by the Company's stockholders at the August 18, 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The total number of shares authorized under the Plan is . Through September 30, 2024, options to purchase up to shares have been granted under the Plan. The options vest annually over a period of based on a specified service condition ("vested awards") and expire after vesting. However, the ability to exercise vested awards, occurring at the conclusion of each annual vesting period, is contingent upon the Company's stock price meeting predetermined milestones outlined in the options agreements (the "market condition"). If the market condition is not fulfilled at the annual vesting period on June 30 of every year, the vested awards may not be exercisable at any subsequent point. On the preceding two vesting dates, June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, a total of shares satisfied the service condition; however, they did not meet the market condition to become exercisable. For the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, and unvested shares, respectively, were forfeited due to employee departures resulting in the reversal of previously recognized expense of thousand and thousand, respectively. For the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, total compensation cost recognized under the Plan was thousand and thousand. As of September 30, 2024, options to purchase up to shares are outstanding under the Plan. No options were exercisable as of September 30, 2024. 
 22 

17. 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. The reduction in the maximum potential payments required for nonfinancial guarantees this quarter, compared to March 31, 2024, stems from a strategic decision to sell the aircraft instead of maintaining it on lease, thereby mitigating future payment obligations for the underlying asset. The carrying value of recorded liabilities related to nonfinancial guarantees was at both September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. 
 23 

18. 
 
 million of senior secured notes. The Second NPA amended and restated the amount issued and sold to million of senior secured notes (collectively the "Notes") to Honeywell, which includes the million from the Original NPA bringing the total indebtedness to million. The Notes mature on March 1, 2031 and bear an annual interest at a rate of . In addition to the previously pledged TruPs, newly-issued shares of TruPs held by AAM 24-1 are now pledged to Honeywell, in connection with the closing of the S econd NPA. 
 24 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This section entitled "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" MD A is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results. The MD A provides a narrative analysis explaining the reasons for material changes in the Company s (i) financial condition during the period from the most recent fiscal year-end, March 31, 2024, to and including September 30, 2024 and (ii) results of operations during the current fiscal period(s) as compared to the corresponding period(s) of the preceding fiscal year. 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the MD A, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. The words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, forecast, project, should, "will," "continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any and all forecasts and projections in this document are forward looking statements and are based on management s current expectations or beliefs. From time to time, we may also provide oral and written forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public, such as press releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, or other communications by us. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this report and in any public statements we make could be materially different from actual results. Accordingly, we wish to caution investors that any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us are subject to uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements, because of, among other things, potential risks and uncertainties, such as: 
 
 An inability to finance our operations through bank or other financing or through the sale of issuance of debt or equity securities; 
 Economic and industry conditions in the Company s markets; 
 The risk that contracts with FedEx could be terminated or adversely modified; 
 The risk that the number of aircraft operated for FedEx will be reduced; 
 The risk that GGS customers will defer or reduce significant orders for deicing equipment; 
 The impact of any terrorist activities on United States soil or abroad; 
 The Company s ability to manage its cost structure for operating expenses, or unanticipated capital requirements, and match them to shifting customer service requirements and production volume levels; 
 The Company's ability to meet debt service covenants and to refinance existing debt obligations; 
 The risk of injury or other damage arising from accidents involving the Company s overnight air cargo operations, equipment or parts sold and/or services provided; 
 Market acceptance of the Company s commercial and military equipment and services; 
 Competition from other providers of similar equipment and services; 
 Changes in government regulation and technology; 
 Changes in the value of marketable securities held as investments; 
 Mild winter weather conditions reducing the demand for deicing equipment; 
 Market acceptance and operational success of the Company s commercial jet engines and parts segment or its aircraft asset management business and related aircraft capital joint venture; and 
 Despite our current indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantially more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial leverage. 
 
 We also wish to caution investors that other factors might in the future prove to be important in affecting our results of operations. New factors emerge from time to time; it is not possible for management to predict all of such factors, nor can it assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or a combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 
 25 

We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Our MD A should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Item 1 of Part 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 (including the information presented therein under Risk Factors), as well other publicly available information. 
 Overview 
 Air T, Inc. (the Company, Air T, we or us is a holding company with a portfolio of operating businesses and financial assets. Our goal is to prudently and strategically diversify Air T s earnings power and compound the growth in its free cash flow per share over time. 
 We currently operate in four industry segments: 
 Overnight air cargo, which operates in the air express delivery services industry; 
 Ground equipment sales, which manufactures and provides mobile deicers and other specialized equipment products to passenger and cargo airlines, airports, the military and industrial customers; 
 Commercial aircraft, engines and parts, which manages and leases aviation assets; supplies surplus and aftermarket commercial jet engine components; provides commercial aircraft disassembly/part-out services; commercial aircraft parts sales; procurement services and overhaul and repair services to airlines and, 
 Corporate and other, which acts as the capital allocator and resource for other consolidated businesses. Further, Corporate and other also comprises insignificant businesses and business interests. 
 Each business segment has separate management teams and infrastructures that offer different products and services. We evaluate the performance of our business segments based on operating income and Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Compared to Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 
 Consolidated revenue for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 increased by 2.3 million (2.9 compared to the same quarter in the prior fiscal year. 
 Following is a table detailing revenue by segment, net of intercompany during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same quarter in the prior fiscal year (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Overnight Air Cargo 31,187 28,197 2,990 10.6 Ground Equipment Sales 14,454 12,246 2,208 18.0 Commercial Jet Engines and Parts 32,926 36,478 (3,552) (9.7) Corporate and Other 2,675 2,045 630 30.8 81,242 78,966 2,276 2.9 
 Revenues from the overnight air cargo segment for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 increased by 3.0 million (10.6 compared to the second quarter of the prior fiscal year. The increase was principally attributable to higher administrative fees due to increased fleet of 105 aircraft in the current year quarter compared to 85 aircraft in the prior year quarter and additional routes granted by FedEx. 
 
 The ground equipment sales segment contributed approximately 14.5 million and 12.2 million to the Company s revenues for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, representing a 2.2 million (18.0 increase in the current quarter. The increase was primarily driven by the higher number of deicing trucks sold in the current year quarter compared to prior year's comparable quarter. At September 30, 2024, the ground equipment sales segment s order backlog was 9.1 million compared to 7.0 million at September 30, 2023. 
 The commercial jet engines and parts segment contributed 32.9 million of revenues in the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to 36.5 million in the comparable prior year quarter, which is a decrease of 3.6 million (9.7 ). The decrease was 
 26 

primarily driven by four whole engine sales at Contrail in the prior year s quarter compared to none in the current year s quarter. This was partially offset by the increase in component part sales in the current year s quarter compared to prior year s quarter. We believe Contrail's increased component part sales is driven by airlines focusing on maintaining existing fleets of 737NG and A320CEO aircraft, because new orders from the OEMs have been cancelled or delayed. The company is in a position to satisfy customer demand through available inventory and expertise in serviceable aftermarket material. 
 Revenues from the corporate and other segment for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.6 million (30.8 compared to the second quarter of the prior fiscal year. The increase was primarily attributable to increased software subscriptions at Shanwick. 
 
 Following is a table detailing operating income (loss) by segment during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same quarter in the prior fiscal year (in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Overnight Air Cargo 1,807 2,039 (232) Ground Equipment Sales 418 (12) 430 Commercial Jet Engines and Parts 3,648 1,152 2,496 Corporate and Other (1,974) (2,418) 444 3,899 761 3,138 
 Consolidated operating income for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 3.9 million, compared to operating income of 0.8 million in the comparable quarter of the prior year. 
 The overnight air cargo segment's operating income for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 was 1.8 million compared to operating income of 2.0 million in the same quarter in the prior fiscal year. This decrease was primarily attributable to higher salaries expense. 
 The ground equipment sales segment's operating income for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 0.4 million compared to the prior year comparable quarter's operating loss of 12.0 thousand. This increase was primarily attributable to the higher sales noted in the segment revenue discussion above. 
 The commercial jet engines and parts segment generated operating income of 3.6 million in the current year quarter compared to an operating income of 1.2 million in the prior year quarter. Even though the segment revenue was lower compared to the prior year quarter, the increase in operating income in the current quarter was primarily attributable to higher profit margins on Contrail's component sales compared to the prior year comparable quarter. 
 The corporate and other segment's operating loss for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 was 2.0 million compared to the prior year comparable quarter's operating loss of 2.4 million. The decrease in operating loss was attributable to increased sales noted in the segment revenue discussion above. 
 Following is a table detailing non-operating income (expense) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same quarter in the prior fiscal year (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Interest expense (2,162) (1,853) (309) Income from equity method investments 2,346 748 1,598 Other (784) (777) (7) (600) (1,882) 1,282 
 The Company had net non-operating loss of 0.6 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to net non-operating loss of 1.9 million in the prior year quarter. The decrease in non-operating loss was primarily driven by a 1.6 million increase in net income allocated to the Company from equity method investments as mentioned in Note 8 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this Report on Form 10-Q. This is partially offset by a 0.3 million increase in interest expense. 
 27 

During the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 0.3 million in income tax expense at an ETR of 10.2 . The Company has computed the provision for income taxes based on the estimated annual effective tax rate excluding loss jurisdictions with no tax benefit and the application of discrete items, if any, for interim reporting. The primary factors contributing to the difference between the federal statutory rate of 21.0 and the Company's effective tax rate for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 were the valuation allowance related to the Company's U.S. consolidated group, DTI, LGSS, DSI, and BCCM Kenya, and the foreign rate differentials for Air T's operations located in the Netherlands and Puerto Rico. 
 
 During the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded income tax expense of 0.5 million at an ETR of (43.4) . The Company records income taxes using an estimated tax rate for interim reporting. The primary factors contributing to the difference between the federal statutory rate of 21.0 and the Company's effective tax rate for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023 were the change in valuation allowance related to the Company's U.S. consolidated group, DSI, DTI, and LGSS, and the foreign rate differentials for Air T's operations located in the Netherlands and Puerto Rico. 
 
 First Six Months of Fiscal 2025 Compared to First Six Months of Fiscal 2024 
 
 Following is a table detailing revenue by segment, net of intercompany during the six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year (in thousands): 
 Six Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Overnight Air Cargo 61,570 55,925 5,645 10.1 Ground Equipment Sales 21,809 24,033 (2,224) (9.3) Commercial Jet Engines and Parts 59,176 66,324 (7,148) (10.8) Corporate and Other 5,099 4,115 984 23.9 147,654 150,397 (2,743) (1.8) 
 Revenues from the overnight air cargo segment for the six months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 5.6 million (10.1 compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was principally attributable to higher administrative fees due increased fleet of 105 aircraft in the current year compared to 85 aircraft in the prior year and additional routes granted by FedEx. 
 
 The ground equipment sales segment's revenue for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 was 21.8 million compared to 24.0 million in the same period in the prior fiscal year. The decrease was primarily driven by the lower number of deicing trucks sold during the first three months of the current year compared to the prior year. We believe that the decline in sales for this segment is directly attributable to a decreased demand for deicing trucks across the entire industry, driven by the recent milder winters. 
 The commercial jet engines and parts segment contributed 59.2 million of revenues in the six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 66.3 million in the comparable prior year six months period. The decrease was primarily driven by a total of five whole engine sales at Contrail and Worthington combined in the prior year compared to none in the current year. This is partially offset by Contrail's higher component part sales in the current year compared to prior year. We believe Contrail's increased component part sales is driven by airlines focusing on their existing fleets of 14,000 aircraft due to the cancellation or delay of new orders from the OEMs, allowing the company to leverage its expertise and serviceable engine portfolio to meet immediate demands. 
 Revenues from the corporate and other segment in the six months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.0 million (23.9 compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to increased software subscriptions at Shanwick. 
 
 Following is a table detailing operating income (loss) by segment during the six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same six months in the prior fiscal year (in thousands): 
 Six Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Overnight Air Cargo 3,645 3,974 (329) Ground Equipment Sales (358) (97) (261) Commercial Jet Engines and Parts 4,743 2,629 2,114 Corporate and Other (4,709) (5,084) 375 3,321 1,422 1,899 
 28 

Consolidated operating income for the six months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.3 million compared to an operating income of 1.4 million for the comparable six months of the prior year. 
 The overnight air cargo segment's operating income for the six months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.6 million compared to operating income of 4.0 million in the prior year comparable period. This decrease was primarily attributable to higher salaries expense. 
 The ground equipment sales segment's operating loss for the six months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.4 million compared to operating loss of 0.1 million in the prior year comparable period. The increased loss was primarily attributable to lower sales during the first three months noted above. 
 The commercial jet engines and parts segment generated operating income of 4.7 million in the current year six-month period compared to operating income of 2.6 million in the prior year six-month period. The increase was primarily attributable to Contrail's higher profit margin on component part sales in the current year compared to the prior year. 
 The corporate and other segment's operating loss for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 was 4.7 million compared to an operating loss of 5.1 million in the prior year comparable period. The decrease in operating loss was primarily driven by the revenue increase noted above. 
 Following is a table detailing non-operating income (expense) during the six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same six months in the prior fiscal year (in thousands): 
 Six Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Interest expense (4,108) (3,662) (446) Income from equity method investments 4,269 1,439 2,830 Other (80) (136) 56 81 (2,359) 2,440 
 The Company had a net non-operating income of 0.1 million for the six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a net non-operating loss of 2.4 million in the prior year six-month period. The decrease in non-operating loss was primarily driven by a 2.8 million increase in net income allocated to the Company from equity method investments as mentioned in Note 8 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this Report on Form 10-Q. This is partially offset by a 0.4 million increase in interest expense. 
 During the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded income tax expense of 0.4 million at an ETR of 11.96 . The Company has computed the provision for income taxes based on the estimated annual effective tax rate excluding loss jurisdictions with no tax benefit and the application of discrete items, if any, for interim reporting. The primary factors contributing to the difference between the federal statutory rate of 21 and the Company's effective tax rate for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 were the valuation allowance related to the Company's U.S. consolidated group, DTI, LGSS, DSI and BCCM Kenya, and the foreign rate differentials for Air T's operations located in the Netherlands and Puerto Rico. 
 During the six-month period ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded income tax expense of 0.7 million at an ETR of (74.5) . The Company records income taxes using an estimated annual effective tax rate for interim reporting. The primary factors contributing to the difference between the federal statutory rate of 21 and the Company's effective tax rate for the six-month period ended September 30, 2023 were the valuation allowance related to the Company's U.S. consolidated group, DSI, DTI, LGSS, and the foreign rate differentials for Air T's operations located in the Netherlands and Puerto Rico. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are fully described in Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements and in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2024. The preparation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires the use of estimates and assumptions to determine certain assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Management bases these estimates and assumptions upon the best information available at the time of the estimates or assumptions. The Company s estimates and assumptions could change materially as conditions within and beyond our control change. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from estimates. There were no significant changes to the Company s critical accounting policies and estimates during the three-months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Seasonality 
 29 

The ground equipment sales segment business has historically been seasonal, with the revenues and operating income typically being lower in the first and fourth fiscal quarters as commercial deicers are typically delivered prior to the winter season. Other segments have typically not experienced material seasonal trends. 
 Systems and Network Security 
 
 Although we have employed significant resources to develop our security measures against breaches, our cybersecurity measures may not detect or prevent all attempts to compromise our systems, including hacking, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted by our systems. Breaches of our cybersecurity measures could result in unauthorized access to our systems, misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of client information or other interruption to our business operations. As techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers, we may be unable to anticipate, or implement adequate measures to protect against these attacks. If we are unable to avert these attacks and security breaches in the future, we could be subject to significant legal and financial liability, our reputation would be harmed and we could sustain substantial revenue loss from lost sales and customer dissatisfaction. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks may target us or other participants, or the communication infrastructure on which we depend. Actual or anticipated attacks and risks may cause us to incur significantly higher costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and network protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. Cybersecurity breaches would not only harm our reputation and business, but also could materially decrease our revenue and net income. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 Future economic developments such as inflation and increased interest rates as well as further business issues present uncertainty and risk with respect to our financial condition and results of operations. We expect that issues caused by economic and business issues will continue beyond the current fiscal year. The fluidity of this situation precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact these issues on economic and market conditions and our businesses in particular, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to us and our results of operations. The Company believes the estimates and assumptions underlying the Company s consolidated financial statements are reasonable and supportable based on the information available as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company held approximately 9.2 million in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. The Company also held 1.0 million in restricted investments held as statutory reserve of SAIC. The Company has an aggregate of approximately 25.3 million in available funds under its lines of credit as of September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s working capital amounted to 57.5 million, an increase of 1.5 million compared to March 31, 2024. 
 As mentioned in Note 1 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this Report on Form 10-Q, on May 30, 2024, Contrail, a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered in the Redemption Agreement with Seller. Pursuant to the Redemption Agreement, Contrail agreed to purchase and redeem from the Seller, 16 of its 21 interest in Contrail, effective as of April 1, 2024. The purchase price for the redeemed interest is 4.6 million, plus an earnout amount. The cash purchase price is payable through the OCAS Loan, payable beginning on May 1, 2024 and monthly thereafter for a 12-month period of interest payments only with the outstanding balance amortized and paid over the following three years. Interest accrues on the principal amount at an annual rate equal to the 10-year Treasury bond yield plus 375 basis points, compounded monthly. The rate adjusts on each anniversary date of the note. The payment obligation under the note may be deferred if Contrail s forecast indicates that any payment following the first 12-month period would cause a loan default or a loan default exists. Initially, the payment obligation would revert back to interest only, unless a default exists, in which case no payment would be required. If Contrail is unable to make a payment for 12 months, then interest shall cease to accrue. The note is expressly subordinated to the payment in full of all indebtedness of Contrail on or prior to the date of the note or thereafter created. See additional details on the OCAS Loan in Note 12 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this Report. 
 As mentioned in Note 1 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this Report on Form 10-Q, on August 29, 2024, the Company and twelve of the Company s subsidiaries entered into a New Credit Agreement with Alerus Financial, National Association. The New Credit Agreement provides the Revolver - Alerus in an initial maximum principal amount of up to 14.0 million. Availability under the Revolver - Alerus is subject to a borrowing base and provides for a sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate amount not to exceed 3.0 million, with the outstanding amount of any such letters of credit reducing availability for borrowings under the revolving credit facility. Revolver - Alerus matures on February 28, 2026 and balance outstanding will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of 5.00 or one-month SOFR plus 2.00 . 
 
 In addition to the Revolver - Alerus, the New Credit Agreement provides for two secured term loans Term Note A - Alerus and Term Note B - Alerus. Term Note A - Alerus is a loan in the principal amount of 10.7 million that matures on August 15, 2029 that bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of 5.00 or one-month SOFR plus 2.00 . Term Note A - Alerus requires monthly payments of principal commencing September 15, 2024 with such payments set at a seven year level principal amortization and a payment of 3.2 million due at maturity. A prepayment premium based on the amount prepaid is due in certain circumstances. 
 30 

Term Note B - Alerus is a loan in the principal amount of 2.3 million that matures on August 15, 2029 and bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of 5.00 or one-month SOFR plus 2.00 . Term Note B - Alerus requires monthly payments of principal commencing September 15, 2024 with such payments set at a 25 year level principal amortization and a payment of 1.8 million due at maturity. A prepayment premium based on the amount prepaid is due in certain circumstances. 
 
 The Borrowers are co-borrowers under the New Credit Agreement and each of the notes. The obligations of the Borrowers under the New Credit Agreement and the notes are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Borrowers' current assets, including accounts receivable and inventory. The Company is not a borrower under the New Credit Agreement but has guaranteed the obligations of the Borrowers owed to the Lender. In addition, Air T, Inc. has pledged a brokerage account of marketable securities held at a securities intermediary to secure the obligations. Furthermore, the obligations are further secured by a deed of trust on approximately 4.626 acres of real estate that includes a 13,000 square foot office building in Denver, North Carolina. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the New Credit Agreement, the Company and its subsidiaries used proceeds from the new financing to satisfy and discharge all obligations, and terminated all commitments, under the Company s existing secured credit facility with Minnesota Bank Trust. The Company incurred no termination penalties in connection with such termination. 
 As mentioned in Note 1 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this Report on Form 10-Q, on September 12, 2024, Contrail entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Master Loan Agreement dated June 24, 2019 and Supplement #11 to the Master Loan Agreement, and Term Note J with ONB. Term Note J is a term loan in the principal amount of 10.0 million. The loan bears a variable monthly interest rate at the 1-month SOFR Rate plus 3.86 and requires equal monthly payments of principal and interest until the loan maturity date of September 12, 2028. The loan requires compliance with covenants that require minimum Tangible Net Worth of 15.0 million and a Quarterly Cash Flow Coverage of not less than 1.25 to 1.0. In order to induce ONB to enter into these agreements, Contrail and OCAS, Inc. entered into a subordination agreement dated September 12, 2024 to address certain loan matters and to establish the priority of repayment of Contrail s debt to ONB over the OCAS Loan in the original principal amount of 4.6 million. 
 
 The Company believes that it has sufficient cash on hand and available liquidity, to meet its obligations as they become due in the ordinary course of business for at least 12 months following the date these financial statements are issued. 

Cash Flows 
 Following is a table of changes in cash flow for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 3,044 15,897 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (14,195) 156 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 12,494 (17,229) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (2) 9 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 1,341 (1,167) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 3.0 million for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash provided in operating activities of 15.9 million in the prior year six-month period. The decrease in operating cash flows was primarily driven by changes in inventory and accounts receivable, which had a net impact of 7.9 million and 8.8 million, respectively. Inventory decreased by 8.8 million in the current year period, compared to a larger decrease of 16.7 million in the prior year period, reflecting higher engine sales in the commercial jet engines and parts segment in the prior year period. Accounts receivable increased by 8.2 million in the current year due to the timing of component sales, whereas in the prior year, accounts receivable decreased by 0.6 million. These changes were partially offset by a 3.0 million net change in net income after adjustments in the current year period compared to the prior year period. 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 was 14.2 million compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 0.2 million in the prior year period. The cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by capital expenditures related to assets on lease in the current year at Contrail. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 was 12.5 million compared to net cash used in financing activities of 17.2 million in the prior year period. The cash provided by financing activities in the current year six- period was primarily driven by 13.5 million more proceeds and 16.4 million less payments on the Company's term loans and revolving lines of credit compared to the prior year six-month period. 
 31 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The Company uses adjusted earnings before taxes, interest, and depreciation and amortization ("Adjusted EBITDA"), a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC, to evaluate the Company's financial performance. This performance measure is not defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before taxes, interest, and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for specified items. The Company calculates Adjusted EBITDA by removing the impact of specific items and adding back the amounts of interest expense and depreciation and amortization to earnings before income taxes. When calculating Adjusted EBITDA, the Company does not add back depreciation expense for aircraft engines that are on lease, as the Company believes this expense matches with the corresponding revenue earned on engine leases. There was no depreciation expense for leased engines during the three or six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure of the Company's performance because it provides investors additional information about the Company's operations allowing better evaluation of underlying business performance and better period-to-period comparability. We may periodically review and update our non-GAAP financial measures based on our determination of their relevance to our business which could result in the addition or elimination of select non-GAAP financial measures in the future. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to replace or be an alternative to operating income (loss), the most directly comparable amounts reported under GAAP. 
 
 The tables below provide a reconciliation of operating income to Adjusted EBITDA for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Three months ended Six months ended 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Operating income 3,899 761 3,321 1,422 Depreciation and amortization (excluding leased engines depreciation) 949 700 1,709 1,389 Asset impairment, restructuring or impairment charges 124 3 503 5 Gain on sale of property and equipment (8) (2) (8) (8) TruPs issuance expenses 28 47 129 93 Share-based compensation 2 79 18 157 Severance expenses 39 2 218 2 Adjusted EBITDA 5,033 1,590 5,890 3,060 
 
 The table below provides Adjusted EBITDA by segment for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Three months ended Six months ended 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Overnight Air Cargo 1,950 2,127 3,897 4,142 Ground Equipment Sales 513 23 1 (28) Commercial Jet Engines and Parts 4,141 1,339 5,806 3,009 Corporate and Other (1,571) (1,899) (3,814) (4,063) Adjusted EBITDA 5,033 1,590 5,890 3,060 
 32 

Issuer and guarantor subsidiary summarized information 
 
 Air T Funding is a statutory business trust formed under Delaware law in September 2018. Air T Funding exists for the exclusive purposes of (i) issuing and selling its Alpha Income Trust Preferred Securities (also referred to as the 8.0 Cumulative Securities, Capital Securities or Trust Preferred Securities ), par value 25.00 per share, (ii) using the proceeds from the sale of the Trust Preferred Securities to acquire Junior Subordinated Debentures issued by the Company, and (iii) engaging in only those other activities necessary, advisable or incidental thereto (such as registering the transfer of the Trust Preferred Securities). Accordingly, the Junior Subordinated Debentures are the sole assets of Air T Funding, and payments by the Company under the Junior Subordinated Debentures and a related expense agreement are the sole revenues of Air T Funding. Air T Funding s business and affairs are conducted by a Property Trustee, a Delaware Trustee and two individual Administrative Trustees who are officers of Air T. 
 
 Distributions on the Trust Preferred Securities are payable to record holders at the annual rate of 8 of the stated 25.00 liquidation amount, payable quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of February, May, August, and November in each year. The Trust Preferred Securities issued by the Trust are fully and unconditionally and jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Air T. Air T guarantees the payment of distributions by Air T Funding and payments on liquidation of or redemption of the Trust Preferred Securities (subordinate to the right to payment of senior and subordinated debt of Air T, as defined in Note 1 2 of Notes to condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report). If Air T Funding has insufficient funds to pay distributions on the Trust Preferred Securities (i.e., if Air T has failed to make required payments under the Junior Subordinated Debentures), a holder of the Trust Preferred Securities would have the right to institute a legal proceeding directly against Air T to enforce payment of such distributions. 
 
 All of the Common Securities of Air T Funding are owned by Air T. The Common Securities rank pari passu, and payments will be made thereon pro rata, with the Trust Preferred Securities, except that upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the Trust Agreement, as amended resulting from an event of default under the indenture, the rights of the Company as holder of the common securities to payment in respect of distributions and payments upon liquidation, redemption or otherwise would be subordinated to the rights of the holders of the Trust Preferred Securities. 
 
 The Trust Preferred Securities are subject to mandatory redemption at any time on or after June 7, 2024. Upon the repayment or redemption at any time, in whole or in part, of any Junior Subordinated Debentures, the proceeds from such repayment or redemption would be applied to redeem a like amount of the Trust Preferred Securities, at the liquidation amount plus any accumulated and unpaid distributions. If less than all of the Junior Subordinated Debentures are to be repaid or redeemed on a redemption date, then the proceeds from such repayment or redemption would be allocated to the redemption of the Trust Preferred Securities pro rata. 
 
 The Company also has an optional right to redeem the Junior Subordinated Debentures (i) on or after June 7, 2024, in whole at any time or in part from time to time at a redemption price equal to the accrued and unpaid interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures so redeemed to the date fixed for redemption, plus 100 of the principal amount thereof, or (ii) at any time, in whole (but not in part), upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, an Investment Company Event or a Capital Treatment Event (each as defined in the indenture) at a redemption price equal to the accrued and unpaid interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures so redeemed to the date fixed for redemption, plus 100 of the principal amount thereof. In the event a Tax Event, an Investment Company Event or Capital Treatment Event has occurred and is continuing and the Company does not elect to redeem the Junior Subordinated Debentures and thereby cause a mandatory redemption of the Trust Preferred Securities or to liquidate Air T Funding and cause the Junior Subordinated Debentures to be distributed to holders of the Trust Securities in liquidation of Air T Funding, such Trust Preferred Securities will remain outstanding and additional sums may be payable on the Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 
 So long as no Debenture event of default has occurred and is continuing, at any time on or after June 7, 2024, the Company has the right under the indenture to defer the payment of interest on the Junior Subordinated Debentures at any time or from time to time for a period not exceeding 20 consecutive quarters with respect to each such period (each, an Extension Period ), provided that no Extension Period may extend beyond the stated maturity of the Junior Subordinated Debentures on June 7, 2049. As a consequence of any such election, quarterly distributions on the Trust Preferred Securities will be deferred by Air T Funding during any such Extension Period. Distributions to which holders of Trust Preferred Securities are entitled will accumulate additional amounts thereon at the rate per annum of 8 thereof, compounded quarterly from the relevant Distribution Date, to the extent permitted under applicable law. During any such Extension Period, the Company may not (i) declare or pay any dividends or distributions on, or redeem, purchase, acquire, or make a liquidation payment with respect to, any of the Company s capital stock (which includes common and preferred stock) or (ii) make any payment of principal, interest or premium, if any, on or repay, repurchase or redeem any debt securities of the Company that rank pari passu with or junior in interest to the Junior Subordinated Debentures or make any guarantee payments with respect to any guarantee by the Company of the debt securities of any subsidiary of the Company if such guarantee ranks pari passu with or junior in interest to the Junior Subordinated Debentures (other than (a) dividends or distributions in common stock of the Company, (b) any declaration of a dividend in connection with the implementation of a stockholders rights plan, or the issuance of stock under any such plan in the future, or the redemption or repurchase of any such rights pursuant thereto, (c) payments under the guarantee and (d) purchases of common stock for issuance under any of the Company s benefit plans for its directors, officers or employees). Prior to the termination of any such Extension Period, the Company may further extend such Extension Period, provided that such extension does not cause such Extension Period to exceed 20 consecutive quarters or extend beyond the stated maturity. Upon the termination of any such Extension Period and the payment of all amounts then due, and subject to the foregoing limitations, the Company may elect to begin a new Extension Period. Subject to the foregoing, there is no limitation on the number of times that the Company may elect to begin an Extension Period. The Company has no current intention of exercising its right to defer payments of interest by extending the interest payment period on the Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 
 Air T Funding has a term of 30 years, but may terminate earlier as provided in the Trust Agreement, as amended. The Trust Agreement was most recently amended on March 3, 2021 and on January 28, 2022 and currently allows for the issuance of up to 100.0 million of Trust Preferred Securities. As of September 30, 2024, there are 43.3 million in Trust Preferred Securities outstanding 9.0 million held by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company). 
 
 The Trust is a finance subsidiary of Air T within the meaning of Rule 3 10 of Regulation S X under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and as a result the Air T Funding does not file periodic reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

33 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2024. Our exposures to market risk have not changed materially since March 31, 2024. 
 
 34 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, referred to collectively herein as the Certifying Officers, are responsible for establishing and maintaining our disclosure controls and procedures. The Certifying Officers have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 240.13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2024. Based on that review and evaluation, which included inquiries made to certain other employees of the Company, the Certifying Officers have concluded that the Company s current disclosure controls and procedures, as designed and implemented, are effective in ensuring that information relating to the Company required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, including ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. It should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving the stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 
 There has not been any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 35 

PART II -- OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 (c) On May 14, 2014, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized a program to repurchase up to 750,000 (retrospectively adjusted to 1,125,000 after the stock split in June 2019) shares of the Company s common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, in compliance with SEC Rule 10b-18, over an indefinite period. As of September 30, 2024, 809,636 shares may be repurchased pursuant to this program. 
 
 No shares were repurchased during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 36 

Item 5. Other information 
 
 (c) Insider Trading Arrangements 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Section 16 of the Exchange Act), or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 37 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 (a) Exhibits 
 No. Description 10.1 Credit Agreement by and among AirCo, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, Airco 2, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company, Air Zona Aircraft Services, Inc., an Arizona corporation, AirCo Services, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, CSA Air, Inc., a North Carolina corporation, Global Ground Support, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, Jet Yard, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, Jet Yard Solutions, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, Mountain Air Cargo, Inc., a North Carolina corporation, Stratus Aero Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Worldwide Aircraft Services, Inc., a Kansas corporation, and Worthington Aviation, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, as Borrowers, Air T, Inc. as Loan Party Agent and Alerus Financial, National Association executed August 29, 2024, without schedules, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 30, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-35476). 
 10.2 Form of Revolving Credit Note by the Borrowers executed August 29, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 30, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-35476). 
 10.3 Form of Term Note A by the Borrowers executed August 29, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 30, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-35476). 
 10.4 Form of Term Note B by the Borrowers executed August 29, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 30, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-35476). 
 10.5 Form of Security Agreement by the Borrowers in favor of Alerus Financial executed August 29, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 30, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-35476). 
 10.6 Form of Pledge Agreement by Air T, Inc. in favor of Alerus Financial executed August 29, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 30, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-35476). 
 
 38 

10.7 Form of Guaranty of Air T, Inc. executed August 29, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 30, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-35476). 
 10.8 Form of Aircraft Lease Agreement between CASP Leasing I, LLC and Electra Airways OOD Aircraft #1, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 5, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-35476). 
 10.9 Form of Aircraft Lease Agreement between CASP Leasing I, LLC and Electra Airways OOD Aircraft #2, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 5, 2024 (Commission No. 001-35476). 
 10.10 Fifth Amendment to Master Loan Agreement by and between Contrail Aviation Support, LLC, Contrail Aviation Leasing, LLC and Old National Bank dated September 12, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 18, 2024 (Commission No. 001-35476). 
 10.11 Supplement #11 to Master Loan Agreement made and entered into by Contrail Aviation Support, LLC, Contrail Aviation Leasing, LLC, CASP Leasing I, LLC and Old National Bank dated September 12, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 18, 2024 (Commission No. 001-35476). 
 10.12 Term Note J by Contrail Aviation Support, LLC, Contrail Aviation Leasing, LLC and CASP Leasing I, LLC dated September 12, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 18, 2024 (Commission No. 001-35476). 
 10.13 Subordination Agreement among Old National Bank, OCAS, Inc. and Contrail Aviation Support, LLC dated September 12, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 18, 2024 (Commission No. 001-35476). 
 
 39 

10.14 Note Purchase Agreement among Air T, Inc., AAM 24-1, LLC, Honeywell Common Investment Fund and Honeywell International Inc. Master Retirement Trust, dated October 16, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 22, 2024 (Commission No. 001-35476). 
 10.15 Form of Senior Secured Promissory Note, dated October 16, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 22, 2024 (Commission No. 001-35476). 
 22.1 List of Issuers and Guarantors 
 31.1 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and President 
 31.2 Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications 
 101 The following financial information from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, and (v) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted for confidential treatment. 
 40 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. AIR T, INC. Date: November 12, 2024 /s/ Tracy Kennedy Tracy Kennedy, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 41 

<EX-22.1>
 2
 airt-20240930xex221.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 

List of Issuers and Guarantors 
 The following consolidated subsidiaries of Air T, Inc. are issuer or guarantor of registered trust preferred securities that bear interest at 8.00 percent and mature in 2049. 
 
 Entity Role Air T, Inc. Guarantor Air T Funding Issuer 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 airt-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Nick Swenson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Air T, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (a) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date November 12, 2024 s Nick Swenson Nick Swenson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 airt-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 I,Tracy Kennedy, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Air T, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date November 12, 2024 s Tracy Kennedy Tracy Kennedy Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 airt-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Air T, Inc. (the Company Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Nick Swenson, Chief Executive Officer, and Tracy Kennedy, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. Date November 12, 2024 s Nick Swenson Nick Swenson, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s Tracy Kennedy Tracy Kennedy, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 airt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 airt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 airt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 airt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 airt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

