<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1842022_0001842022-24-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5979148</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>94833</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1147324</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2048550</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1309886</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1264931</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001842022-24-000015.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029115905
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001842022-24-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DT Midstream, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842022
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				382663964
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40392
		FILM NUMBER:		241403955

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WOODWARD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2900
		CITY:			DETROIT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48226-1279
		BUSINESS PHONE:		313-402-8532

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WOODWARD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2900
		CITY:			DETROIT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48226-1279

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001842022-24-000015.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 dtm-20240930.htm
 10-Q

dtm-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period ended 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S Employer Identification No.) 
 Registrant's address of principal executive offices: , , 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol Name of Exchange on which Registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024: 
 Description Shares Common stock, par value 0.01 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Page Definitions 
 1 
 Filing Format 
 3 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 DT Midstream Con solidated Financial Stateme nts (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 12 
 Note 1 Description of the Business and Basis of Presentation 
 12 
 Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies 
 14 
 Note 3 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 15 
 Note 4 Goodwill 
 15 
 Note 5 Revenue 
 16 
 Note 6 Earnings Per Share and Dividends 
 18 
 Note 7 Income Taxes 
 18 
 Note 8 Fair Value 
 19 
 Note 9 Debt 
 20 
 Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies 
 21 
 Note 11 Segment and Related Information 
 22 
 Note 12 Acquisition 
 22 
 Note 1 3 Subsequent Event 
 23 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 33 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 33 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 34 
 Signature 
 35 

DEFINITIONS 

 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to "we," "us," "our," "Registrant," or the "Company" and words of similar importance refer to DT Midstream and, unless otherwise specified, our consolidated subsidiaries and our unconsolidated joint ventures. As used in this Form 10-Q, the terms and definitions below have the following meanings: 
 
 Appalachia Gathering 
 A 149-mile gathering system that gathers Marcellus shale natural gas to the Texas Eastern Pipeline and Stonewall 
 ASC 606 The Accounting Standards Codification of Revenue from Contracts with Customers issued by the FASB 
 ASU Accounting Standards Update issued by the FASB 
 Bcf Billion cubic feet of natural gas Bluestone A 65-mile gathering lateral pipeline, and two compression facilities, that gathers Marcellus shale natural gas to Millennium and the Tennessee Pipeline 
 Blue Union Gathering A 424-mile gathering system that gathers shale natural gas from the Haynesville formation of Louisiana and Texas to markets in the Gulf Coast region 
 CAD Canadian Dollar ) Clean Fuels Gathering 
 A 77-mile gathering system that gathers and treats coal mine methane into pipeline quality natural gas in Illinois 
 Columbia Pipeline Columbia Gas Transmission, LLC, owned by TC Energy Corporation and Global Infrastructure Partners 
 Credit Agreement DT Midstream's credit agreement which provides for the Revolving Credit Facility 
 DT Midstream DT Midstream, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries 
 ETR Effective tax rate Expand Energy Expand Energy Corporation, the company resulting from the merger of Chesapeake Energy Corporation and Southwestern Energy Company which closed on October 1, 2024, and/or its affiliates 
 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States Generation A 25-mile intrastate pipeline in northern Ohio and owned by NEXUS 
 GHG Greenhouse gas Haynesville System Pipeline and gathering system which is comprised of LEAP, Blue Union Gathering and associated facilities 
 Inflation Reduction Act The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (H.R. 5374) LEAP Louisiana Energy Access Project, a 210-mile gathering lateral pipeline that gathers Haynesville shale natural gas to markets in the Gulf Coast region 
 LNG Liquefied natural gas 
 Michigan System A 335-mile pipeline system in northern Michigan 
 Millennium Millennium Pipeline Intermediate Holdings LLC, a joint venture that, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Millennium Pipeline Company, LLC, owns a 263-mile interstate transportation pipeline and compression facilities serving markets in the northeast and supply from the northeast Marcellus region, in which DT Midstream owns a 52.5 interest 
 MVC Minimum volume commitment 
 1 

DEFINITIONS 

 NEXUS NEXUS Gas Transmission, LLC, a joint venture that owns (i) a 256-mile interstate transportation pipeline and three compression facilities that transports Utica and Marcellus shale natural gas to Ohio, Michigan and Ontario market centers and (ii) Generation, in which DT Midstream owns a 50 interest 
 Ohio Utica Gathering A 20-mile gathering system, including compression and dehydration facilities, that gathers Utica shale natural gas from producer wells to a nearby processing plant 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 DT Midstream's secured revolving credit facility issued under the Credit Agreement 
 SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate South Romeo South Romeo Gas Storage Company, LLC, a joint venture which owns the Washington 28 Storage Complex, in which DT Midstream owns a 50 interest 
 Stonewall 
 A 68-mile gathering lateral pipeline, in which DT Midstream owns an 85 interest, that gathers Marcellus and Utica shale natural gas to the Columbia Pipeline 
 Susquehanna Gathering 
 A 198-mile gathering system that gathers Marcellus shale natural gas to Bluestone 
 Tennessee Pipeline Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company, LLC, owned by Kinder Morgan, Inc. Term Loan Facility DT Midstream's term loan facility issued under the Credit Agreement, which was repaid in 2024 
 Texas Eastern Pipeline 
 Texas Eastern Transmission, LP, owned by Enbridge Inc. Tioga Gathering 
 A 3-mile gathering system that gathers shale natural gas to the Eastern Gas Transmission system 
 U.S. United States of America USD United States Dollar ) Vector Vector Pipeline LP, a joint venture that owns a 348-mile interstate transportation pipeline and five compression facilities connecting Illinois, Michigan, and Ontario market centers, in which DT Midstream owns a 40 interest 
 VIE Variable Interest Entity Washington 10 Storage Complex 
 An interstate storage system located in Michigan with 94 Bcf of storage capacity, in which DT Midstream owns a 91 interest, and associated compression facilities 
 2029 Notes Senior unsecured notes of 1.1 billion in aggregate principal amount due June 2029 2031 Notes Senior unsecured notes of 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount due June 2031 2032 Notes Senior secured notes of 600 million in aggregate principal amount due April 2032 

2 

FILING FORMAT 

This Form 10-Q should be read in its entirety. This Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and with Management's Discussion and Analysis included in DT Midstream's 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain information presented herein includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, and businesses of DT Midstream. Words such as "believe," "expect," "expectations," "plans," "strategy," "prospects," "estimate," "project," "target," "anticipate," "will," "should," "see," "guidance," "outlook," "confident," and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance may signify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results and conditions, but rather are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that may cause actual future results to be materially different from those contemplated, projected, estimated, or budgeted. Many factors may impact forward-looking statements of DT Midstream including, but not limited to, the following: 
 changes in general economic conditions, including increases in interest rates and associated Federal Reserve policies, a potential economic recession, and the impact of inflation on our business; 
 industry changes, including the impact of consolidations, alternative energy sources, technological advances, infrastructure constraints and changes in competition; 
 global supply chain disruptions; 
 actions taken by third-party operators, processors, transporters and gatherers; 
 changes in expected production from Expand Energy and other third parties in our areas of operation; 
 demand for natural gas gathering, transmission, storage, transportation and water services; 
 the availability and price of natural gas to the consumer compared to the price of alternative and competing fuels; 
 our ability to successfully and timely implement our business plan; 
 our ability to complete organic growth projects on time and on budget; 
 our ability to finance, complete, or successfully integrate acquisitions; 
 the price and availability of debt and equity financing; 
 restrictions in our existing and any future credit facilities and indentures; 
 the effectiveness of our information technology and operational technology systems and practices to detect and defend against evolving cyber attacks on United States critical infrastructure; 
 changing laws regarding cybersecurity and data privacy, and any cybersecurity threat or event; 
 operating hazards, environmental risks and other risks incidental to gathering, storing and transporting natural gas; 
 geologic and reservoir risks and considerations; 
 natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, casualty losses and other matters beyond our control; 
 the impact of outbreaks of illnesses, epidemics and pandemics, and any related economic effects; 
 the impacts of geopolitical events, including the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East; 
 labor relations and markets, including the ability to attract, hire and retain key employee and contract personnel; 
 large customer defaults; 
 3 

changes in tax status, as well as changes in tax rates and regulations; 
 the effects and associated cost of compliance with existing and future laws and governmental regulations, such as the Inflation Reduction Act; 
 changes in environmental laws, regulations or enforcement policies, including laws and regulations relating to climate change and GHG emissions; 
 ability to develop low carbon business opportunities and deploy GHG reducing technologies; 
 changes in insurance markets impacting costs and the level and types of coverage available; 
 the timing and extent of changes in commodity prices; 
 the success of our risk management strategies; 
 the suspension, reduction or termination of our customers obligations under our commercial agreements; 
 disruptions due to equipment interruption or failure at our facilities, or third-party facilities on which our business is dependent; 
 the effects of future litigation; and 
 the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our reports and registration statements filed from time to time with the SEC. 
 The above list of factors is not exhaustive. New factors emerge from time to time. We cannot predict what factors may arise or how such factors may cause actual results to vary materially from those stated in forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which such statements are made. We are under no obligation to, and expressly disclaim any obligation to, update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise. 
 4 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (millions, except per share amounts) Revenues Operating revenues Operating Expenses Operation and maintenance Depreciation and amortization Taxes other than income Asset (gains) losses and impairments, net ) ) Operating Income Other (Income) and Deductions Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) Earnings from equity method investees ) ) ) ) Loss from financing activities Other (income) and expense ) ) Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax Expense Net Income Less: Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream Basic Earnings per Common Share Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream Diluted Earnings per Common Share Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic Diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 

 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (millions) Net Income Foreign currency translation and unrealized gain on derivatives, net of tax Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive Income Attributable to DT Midstream 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 6 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 (Unaudited) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (millions) ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable (net of allowance for expected credit loss for each period end) 
 Deferred property taxes Taxes receivable Prepaid expenses and other Investments Investments in equity method investees Property Property, plant, and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Other Assets Goodwill Long-term notes receivable related party Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Other Total Assets 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 7 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 (Unaudited) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (millions, except shares) LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable Short-term borrowings Operating lease liabilities Dividends payable Interest payable Property taxes payable Accrued compensation Contract liabilities Other Long-Term Debt, net Other Liabilities Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Contract liabilities Other Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) par value, shares authorized, and shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Common stock par value, shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total DT Midstream Equity Noncontrolling interests Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (millions) Operating Activities Net Income Adjustments to reconcile Net Income to Net cash and cash equivalents from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred income taxes Earnings from equity method investees ) ) Dividends from equity method investees Loss from financing activities Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net Accounts payable ) Interest payable Contract liabilities Other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash and cash equivalents from operating activities Investing Activities Plant and equipment expenditures ) ) Distributions from equity method investees Contributions to equity method investees ) ) Net cash and cash equivalents from (used for) investing activities ) Financing Activities Repayment of long-term debt ) Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility Repayment of borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash and cash equivalents from (used for) financing activities ) ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period Supplemental disclosure of cash information Cash paid for: Interest, net of interest capitalized Income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities Plant and equipment expenditures in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 9 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 (Unaudited) 

 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Retained Earnings 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Common Stock Shares Amount Total (dollars in millions, shares in thousands) Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Net Income Dividends declared on common stock per common share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Balance, March 31, 2024 ) Net Income Dividends declared on common stock per common share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Stock-based compensation ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Net Income Dividends declared on common stock per common share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 10 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 (Unaudited) 

 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Retained Earnings 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Common Stock Shares Amount Total (dollars in millions, shares in thousands) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Net Income Dividends declared on common stock per common share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance, March 31, 2023 ) Net Income Dividends declared on common stock per common share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net Income Dividends declared on common stock per common share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

11 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 
 segments: (i) Pipeline, which includes interstate pipelines, intrastate pipelines, storage systems, gathering lateral pipelines including related treatment plants and compression and surface facilities, and (ii) Gathering, which includes gathering systems, related treatment plants, and compression and surface facilities. Our Pipeline segment also includes joint venture interests in equity method investees which own and operate interstate pipelines that connect to our wholly owned assets. 
 Our core assets strategically connect key demand centers in the Midwestern U.S., Eastern Canada and Northeastern U.S. regions to the premium production areas of the Marcellus/Utica natural gas formation in the Appalachian Basin, and connect key demand centers and LNG export terminals in the Gulf Coast region to premium production areas of the Haynesville natural gas formation. 
 We own an interest in the Stonewall VIE and are the primary beneficiary, therefore Stonewall is consolidated. We own a interest in the South Romeo VIE and are the primary beneficiary, therefore South Romeo is consolidated. 
 12 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

Accounts receivable Other current assets Intangible assets, net Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill LIABILITIES (a) 
 Accounts payable and other current liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities _____________________________________ 
 (a) Amounts shown are 100 of the consolidated VIEs' assets and liabilities. 
 Related Parties 
 Transactions between DT Midstream and our equity method investees have been presented as related party transactions in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Our equity method investments are periodically evaluated for certain factors that may be indicative of other-than-temporary impairment. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our carrying amounts of investments in equity method investees exceeded our share of the underlying equity in the net assets of the investees by million and million, respectively. The difference will be amortized over the life of the underlying assets. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our consolidated retained earnings balance did not have undistributed earnings from equity method investments. We use the cumulative earnings approach to classify proceeds received from equity method investees as dividends or distributions on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Vector Millennium Total investments in equity method investees 
 13 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

million of senior unsecured notes with a weighted-average coupon rate of . We received a distribution from Millennium of million, net of fees and expenses, which reduced our investment balance. We used the proceeds from the distribution to repay our existing indebtedness under our Term Loan Facility and for general corporate purposes. 
 In May 2023, NEXUS closed on the sale of million of senior unsecured notes with a weighted-average coupon rate of . We received a distribution from NEXUS of million, net of fees and expenses, which reduced our investment balance. We used the proceeds from the distribution to repay borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Operating expenses Net Income 
 
 NOTE 2 
 
 internal grades of credit quality, with internal grade 1 as the lowest risk and internal grade 3 as the highest risk. The related credit quality indicators and risk ratings utilized to develop the internal grades have been updated through September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Notes receivable related party of million, which originated prior to 2021, was classified as internal grade 1. There are notes receivable on nonaccrual status and past due financing receivables as of September 30, 2024. 
 days. Existing and future economic conditions, historical loss rates, customer trends and other relevant factors that may affect our ability to collect are also considered. Receivables are written off on a specific identification basis and determined based on the particular circumstances of the associated receivable. Uncollectible expense (recovery) was for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Our collections on accounts receivable from customers are current, and no material rate of historical loss was noted, which resulted in allowance for expected credit loss as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Any balance would be shown as a deduction from the respective financing receivable's balance in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 14 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 3 
 
 NOTE 4 
 Gathering Total goodwill 
 While we believe the estimates and assumptions in the estimated fair value are reasonable, the actual results may differ from projections. To the extent projected results or cash flows are revised downward, the reporting unit may be required to write down all or a portion of its goodwill, which would adversely impact our earnings. If current expectations of future long-term growth are not met or market factors outside of our control change, such as U.S. Treasury Rates or declines in midstream industry transaction multiples, this may lead to a goodwill impairment in the future. 
 15 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5 
 Gathering Total operating revenues __________________________________ 
 (a) Includes revenues outside the scope of ASC 606 primarily related to contracts accounted for as leases of million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Nature of Services 
 We primarily provide two types of revenue services: firm service and interruptible service. Firm service revenue contracts provide for fixed revenue commitments regardless of actual volumes of natural gas that flow, which leads to more stable operating performance, revenues and cash flows and limits our exposure to natural gas price fluctuations. Firm service revenue contracts are typically long-term and structured using fixed demand charges or MVCs with fixed deficiency fee rates. Contracts structured using fixed demand charges contain a performance obligation of a stand-ready series of distinct services that are substantially the same with the same pattern of transfer to the customer, therefore revenue is recognized ratably over time. Contracts structured using MVCs with fixed deficiency fee rates require customers to transport or store a minimum volume of natural gas over a specified time period. If a customer fails to meet its MVCs for the specified time period, the contract consideration includes a fixed rate for the actual volumes gathered, transported or stored, and a deficiency fee for the shortfall between the MVCs and the actual volumes gathered, transported, or stored. If a customer exceeds its MVC for the specified time period, the contract consideration is based on fixed rates for the actual volumes gathered, transported, or stored. The contract consideration is allocated to each distinct monthly performance obligation, consistent with the allocation objective and based upon the level of effort required to satisfy the service obligation. Revenues are generally recognized over time based on the output measure of natural gas volumes gathered, transported, or stored, with the recognition of the deficiency fee revenue in the period when it is known the customer cannot make up the deficient volumes in the specified time period. Interruptible service revenue contracts typically contain fixed rates, with total consideration dependent on actual natural gas volumes that flow. Interruptible service revenues are recognized over time based on the output measure of natural gas volumes gathered, transported, or stored. Certain of our gathering contracts allow for the recovery of production-related operating expenses, which are offsetting in revenue and operating expense. 
 Contract Liabilities 
 
 Increases due to cash received or receivable, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period Revenue recognized that was included in the balance at the beginning of the period ) Balance as of September 30 
 
 Contract liabilities generally represent amounts paid by or receivable from customers for which the associated performance obligation has not yet been satisfied. Contract liabilities associated with these services are recognized upon delivery of the service to the customer. 
 16 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 
 Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 
 In accordance with optional exemptions available under ASC 606, we do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (1) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less, (2) with the exception of fixed consideration, contracts for which the amount of revenue recognized depends upon our invoices for actual volumes gathered, transported, or stored, and (3) contracts for which variable consideration relates entirely to an unsatisfied performance obligation. 
 Such contracts consist of various types of performance obligations, including providing midstream services. Contracts with variable volumes and/or variable pricing, including those with pricing provisions tied to a consumer price or other index, have also been excluded as the related contract consideration is variable at the contract inception. Contract lengths vary from cancellable to multi-year. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 
 Costs to Obtain or Fulfill a Contract 
 We recognize an asset from the costs incurred to obtain a revenue contract only if we expect to recover those costs. In addition, the costs to fulfill a revenue contract are capitalized if the costs are specifically identifiable to a revenue contract, would result in enhancing resources that will be used in satisfying performance obligations in the future, and are expected to be recovered. These capitalized costs are amortized on a systematic basis consistent with the pattern of transfer of the services to which such costs relate. 
 million, which are included in other current assets and other noncurrent assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 we recognized less than million of amortization expense related to such capitalized costs. 
 
 17 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 6 
 Average number of common shares outstanding basic Incremental shares attributable to: Average dilutive restricted stock units and performance share awards Average number of common shares outstanding diluted Basic Earnings per Common Share Diluted Earnings per Common Share 
 April 2023 June 30 July 2023 September 30 October 2023 December 31 January 2024 2024 March 31 April 2024 June 30 July 2024 September 30 October 2024 
 
 NOTE 7 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

18 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 8 
 Long-term notes receivable related party Short-term borrowings (a) 
 Long-term debt (b) 
 ______________________________________ 
 (a) Short-term borrowings and money market cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. 
 (b) Carrying value as of September 30, 2024 represents principal of billion, net of unamortized debt discounts and issuance costs. 
 
 19 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 9 
 million. The early redemption resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of million relating to the write-off of unamortized discount and issuance costs, which was recorded as a loss from financing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were prepayment costs in conjunction with the early redemption of the Term Loan Facility. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 2029 2031 Notes Senior Notes (a) 
 2031 2032 Notes Senior Secured Notes (b) 
 2032 Term Loan Facility Term Loan Facility Variable 2028 Long-term debt principal Unamortized debt discount ) ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt, net ______________________________ 
 (a) Interest payable semi-annually in arrears each June 15 and December 15. 
 (b) Interest payable semi-annually in arrears each April 15 and October 15. 
 Short-Term Credit Arrangements and Borrowings 
 Amounts outstanding Revolving Credit Facility borrowings 
 Letters of credit Net availability 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, if any, are used for general corporate purposes, acquisitions, and letter of credit issuances to support our operations and liquidity. Revolving Credit Facility related issuance and amendment costs, net of amortization, were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These costs are included in other noncurrent assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and are being amortized over the remaining term of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 20 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

to 1, and (ii) a minimum interest coverage ratio of no less than to 1. The consolidated net leverage ratio means the ratio of net debt determined in accordance with GAAP to annual consolidated EBITDA, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The interest coverage ratio means the ratio of annual consolidated EBITDA to annual interest expense, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement definition of annual consolidated EBITDA excludes EBITDA from equity method investees, but includes dividends and distributions from equity method investees. As of September 30, 2024, the consolidated net leverage ratio and the interest coverage ratio were to 1 and to 1, respectively, and we were in compliance with these financial covenants. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 million. 
 Vector Line of Credit 
 We are the lender under a revolving term credit facility to Vector, the borrower, in the amount of CAD million. The credit facility was executed in response to the passage of Canadian regulations requiring oil and gas pipelines to demonstrate their financial ability to respond to a catastrophic event and exists for the sole purpose of satisfying these regulations. Vector may only draw upon the facility if the funds are required to respond to a catastrophic event. The maximum potential payout as of September 30, 2024 is USD million. The funding of a loan under the terms of the revolving term credit facility is considered remote. 
 Contingent Liability 
 million during the three months ended June 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had accrued contingent liabilities of million and million, respectively, for future slope restoration expenditures. The accrual is included in other current liabilities and other liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. While restoration is ongoing, we believe the accrued amounts are sufficient to cover estimated future expenditures. 
 21 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 11 
 Gathering Total 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (millions) Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream Pipeline Gathering Total 
 
 NOTE 12 
 million, which was accounted for as an asset acquisition (the "Acquisition"). The Acquisition was comprised of gathering and treating assets that process coal mine methane into pipeline quality natural gas which was capitalized as property, plant and equipment. The Acquisition aligns with our strategy to pursue economically attractive opportunities and deploy GHG reducing technologies and is expected to generate carbon offsets and federal income tax credits for clean fuel production. A concurrent gas supply agreement was executed which requires contingent payments from DT Midstream of up to million upon the completion of certain milestones, including cumulative production and income tax credits, and variable payments under a sharing mechanism that could be material. As of September 30, 2024, one milestone had been achieved and million was recorded as accounts payable. 
 22 

DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 13 
 per share of common stock. The dividend is payable to our stockholders of record as of December 16, 2024 and is expected to be paid on January 15, 2025. 

23 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included under Part I, Item 1. of this quarterly report, and the historical consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, which are included in the DT Midstream 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K . This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the midstream industry and our business and financial results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled "Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors." 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 We are an owner, operator, and developer of an integrated portfolio of natural gas midstream assets. We provide multiple, integrated natural gas services to customers through our Pipeline segment, which includes interstate pipelines, intrastate pipelines, storage systems, and gathering lateral pipelines, and through our Gathering segment. We also own joint venture interests in equity method investees which own and operate interstate pipelines that connect to our wholly owned assets. 
 Our core assets strategically connect key demand centers in the Midwestern U.S., Eastern Canada and Northeastern U.S. regions to the premium production areas of the Marcellus/Utica natural gas formation in the Appalachian Basin and connect key demand centers and LNG export terminals in the Gulf Coast region to premium production areas of the Haynesville natural gas formation. 
 We have an established history of stable, long-term growth with contractual cash flows from customers that include natural gas producers, local distribution companies, electric power generators, industrials, and national marketers. 
 
 STRATEGY 
 Our principal business objective is to safely and reliably operate and develop natural gas assets across our premier footprint. Our proven leadership and highly engaged employees have an excellent track record. Prospectively, we intend to continue this track record by executing on our natural gas-centric business strategy focused on disciplined capital deployment and supported by a flexible, well capitalized balance sheet. Additionally, we intend to develop low carbon business opportunities and deploy GHG reducing technologies as part of our goal of being leading environmental stewards in the midstream industry. We are executing on our goal to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. 
 Our strategy is premised on the following principles: 
 operate our assets in a sustainable and responsible manner; 
 provide exceptional service to our customers; 
 disciplined capital deployment in assets supported by strong fundamentals; 
 capitalize on asset integration and utilization opportunities; 
 pursue economically attractive opportunities; and 
 grow cash flows supported by long-term firm revenue contracts. 
 24 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. The following sections discuss the operating performance and future outlook of our segments. Segment information includes intercompany revenues and expenses, as well as other income and deductions that are eliminated in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For purposes of the following discussion, any increases or decreases refer to the comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 to the three months ended June 30, 2024, and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as applicable. The following table summarizes our consolidated financial results: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2024 2023 (millions, except per share amounts) Operating revenues 248 244 732 678 Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream 88 96 281 263 Diluted Earnings per Common Share 0.90 0.98 2.87 2.70 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2024 2023 (millions) Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream Pipeline 71 71 216 185 Gathering 17 25 65 78 Total 88 96 281 263 
 25 

Pipeline 
 The Pipeline segment consists of our interstate pipelines, intrastate pipelines, storage systems, gathering lateral pipelines including related treatment plants and compression and surface facilities. This segment also includes our equity method investments. 
 Pipeline results and outlook are discussed below: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2024 2023 (millions) Operating revenues 112 109 328 271 Operation and maintenance 17 15 48 38 Depreciation and amortization 18 19 55 50 Taxes other than income 5 5 16 12 Asset (gains) losses and impairments, net (4) Operating Income 72 70 209 175 Interest expense 12 12 37 42 Interest income (1) (1) Earnings from equity method investees (40) (39) (125) (132) Loss from financing activities 2 2 Other (income) and expense (2) (2) Income tax expense 24 24 72 72 Net Income 74 75 226 194 Less: Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 3 4 10 9 Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream 71 71 216 185 
 
 Operating revenues increased 3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to new contracts and expansion of the Haynesville System (LEAP) of 4 million, partially offset by lower volumes on Stonewall. Operating revenues increased 57 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to new contracts and expansion of LEAP of 46 million, higher Stonewall volumes of 7 million, and higher long-term and short-term storage contracting rates at Washington 10 Storage Complex of 7 million, partially offset by lower Bluestone volumes of 4 million. 
 
 Operation and maintenance expense increased 10 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to higher production-related operating expenses from the expansion of LEAP, operational flow order fee activity in the prior period and higher compressor maintenance at the Michigan System. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased 5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to new LEAP assets placed into service. 
 Taxes other than income increased 4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to new LEAP assets placed into service. 
 Asset (gains) losses and impairments, net decreased 4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to a one-time gain realized from an insurance settlement that occurred in the prior period. 
 Interest expense decreased 5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to lower outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, partially offset by lower capitalized interest driven by lower construction in progress during 2024. 
 Earnings from equity method investees decreased 7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to higher interest expense driven by timing of prior year senior unsecured notes at NEXUS of 5 million and lower contracted volumes at Millennium of 3 million. 
 26 

Loss from financing activities increased 2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to the repayment of our Term Loan Facility that occurred during the current year. See Note 9, "Debt" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 Income tax expense was unchanged for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to an increase in Income before income taxes, fully offset by the remeasurement of state deferred taxes recognized in 2023. See Note 7, "Income Taxes" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 Pipeline Outlook 
 We believe our long-term agreements with customers and the location and connectivity of our pipeline assets position the business for future growth. We will continue to pursue economically attractive expansion opportunities that leverage our current asset footprint and strategic relationships. These growth opportunities include further expansion at the Haynesville System (LEAP) and Stonewall, new contracts at the Washington 10 Storage Complex, and additional growth related to our equity method investments. 
 
 Gathering 
 The Gathering segment includes gathering systems, related treatment plants and compression and surface facilities. Gathering results and outlook are discussed below: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2024 2023 (millions) Operating revenues 136 135 404 407 Operation and maintenance 46 37 121 138 Depreciation and amortization 35 34 101 83 Taxes other than income 5 4 15 10 Operating Income 50 60 167 176 Interest expense 26 27 80 69 Interest income (1) (1) Loss from financing activities 2 2 Other (income) and expense (1) (1) (1) Income tax expense 6 9 22 30 Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream 17 25 65 78 
 
 Operating revenues increased 1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to higher recovery of production-related operating expenses on Blue Union Gathering of 3 million, partially offset by lower volumes at Appalachia Gathering of 2 million. Operating revenues decreased 3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to lower volumes and recovery of production-related operating expenses on Blue Union Gathering of 19 million and lower Susquehanna Gathering volumes of 9 million. The decrease was partially offset by higher Appalachia Gathering rates and volumes of 13 million (net of lower MVC deficiency fee revenues) and new assets placed into service at Ohio Utica Gathering of 12 million. 
 Operation and maintenance expense increased 9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to a reduction in Appalachia Gathering environmental contingent liabilities of 9 million which occurred in the prior quarter. Operation and maintenance expense decreased 17 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to lower planned maintenance and production-related operating expenses on Blue Union Gathering of 15 million and a higher reduction in environmental contingent liabilities at Appalachia Gathering. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased 18 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to assets placed into service at Ohio Utica Gathering and Blue Union Gathering. 
 Taxes other than income increased 5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to new Ohio Utica Gathering and Blue Union Gathering assets placed into service. 
 27 

Interest expense increased 11 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to lower capitalized interest driven by lower construction in progress during 2024, partially offset by lower outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Loss from financing activities increased 2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to the repayment of our Term Loan Facility that occurred during the current year. See Note 9, "Debt" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 Income tax expense decreased 8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to lower Income before income taxes and the remeasurement of state deferred taxes recognized in 2023. See Note 7, "Income Taxes" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 Gathering Outlook 
 We believe our long-term agreements with producers and the quality of the natural gas reserves in the Marcellus/Utica and Haynesville formations position the business for future growth. We will continue to pursue economically attractive expansion opportunities that leverage our current asset footprint and strategic relationships. These growth opportunities include further expansion at the Haynesville System (Blue Union Gathering), Appalachia Gathering, Ohio Utica Gathering, Tioga Gathering and Clean Fuels Gathering. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 We are subject to extensive U.S. federal, state, and local environmental regulations. Additional compliance costs may result as the effects of various substances on the environment are studied and governmental regulations are developed and implemented. Actual costs to comply with such regulation could vary substantially from our expectations. Pending or future legislation or regulation could have a material impact on our operations and financial position. Potential impacts include unplanned expenditures for environmental equipment, such as pollution control equipment, financing costs related to additional capital expenditures, and the replacement costs of aging pipelines and other facilities. 
 For further discussion of environmental matters, see Note 10, "Commitments and Contingencies" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 Cash Requirements 
 Our principal liquidity requirements are to finance our operations, fund capital expenditures, satisfy our indebtedness obligations, and pay approved dividends. We believe we will have sufficient internal and external capital resources to fund anticipated capital and operating requirements. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (millions) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period 56 61 Net cash and cash equivalents from operating activities 611 614 Net cash and cash equivalents from (used for) investing activities 203 (223) Net cash and cash equivalents from (used for) financing activities (793) (422) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 21 (31) Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 77 30 
 28 

For purposes of the following discussion, any increases or decreases refer to the comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from our operating activities can be impacted in the short term by the natural gas volumes gathered or transported through our systems under interruptible service revenue contracts, changing natural gas prices, seasonality, weather fluctuations, dividends received from equity method investees and the financial condition of our customers. Our preference to enter into firm service revenue contracts leads to more stable operating performance, revenues and cash flows and limits our exposure to natural gas price fluctuations. 
 Net cash and cash equivalents from operating activities decreased 3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to a decrease in dividends received from equity method investees, a decrease in working capital changes, and a decrease in interest expense and income tax expense, partially offset by an increase in operating income after adjustment for non-cash items including depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation, and amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash outflows associated with our investing activities are primarily the result of plant and equipment expenditures, acquisitions, and contributions to equity method investees. Cash inflows from our investing activities are generated from proceeds from sale or collection of notes receivable, distributions received from equity method investees, and proceeds from asset sales. As a result of the sales of senior unsecured notes at our equity method investees, we received net distributions from Millennium of 416 million and NEXUS of 371 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For additional detail, see Note 1, "Description of the Business and Basis of Presentation" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 Net cash and cash equivalents from investing activities of 203 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased as compared to net cash and cash equivalents used for investing activities of 223 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change was primarily due to a decrease in cash used for plant and equipment expenditures and higher distributions received from equity method investees including the Millennium distribution in 2024. 
 Financing Activities 
 In September 2024, we repaid the remaining indebtedness under the Term Loan Facility of 399 million. See Note 9, "Debt" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. DT Midstream paid cash dividends on common stock of 209 million and 196 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. See Note 6, "Earnings Per Share and Dividends" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 Net cash and cash equivalents used for financing activities increased 371 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to the repayment of the Term Loan Facility and higher dividends paid on common stock, partially offset by lower net repayments of borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Outlook 
 We expect to continue executing on our natural gas-centric business strategy focused on disciplined capital deployment and supported by a flexible, well capitalized balance sheet. Other than the impact of the items discussed below on our debt and equity capitalization, we are not aware of any trends, other demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that are reasonably likely to materially impact our liquidity position. 
 Our working capital requirements will be primarily driven by changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable. We continue our efforts to identify opportunities to improve cash flows through working capital initiatives and obtaining long-term firm service revenue contracts from customers. 
 Our sources of liquidity include cash and cash equivalents generated from operating activities and available borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024, we had 16 million of letters of credit outstanding and no borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility. We had approximately 1.1 billion of available liquidity as of September 30, 2024, consisting of cash and cash equivalents and available borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 29 

We expect to pay regular cash dividends to DT Midstream common stockholders in the future. Any payment of future dividends is subject to approval by the Board of Directors and may depend on our future earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, financial condition, and the effect a dividend payment would have on our compliance with relevant financial covenants. Over the long-term, we expect to grow our dividend 5 to 7 annually. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we acquired the Clean Fuels Gathering assets and executed a concurrent gas supply agreement which requires contingent payments from DT Midstream of up to 34 million upon the completion of certain milestones and variable payments under a sharing mechanism that could be material. See Note 12, "Acquisition" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 We believe we will have sufficient operating flexibility, cash resources and funding sources to maintain adequate liquidity amounts and to meet future operating cash, capital expenditure and debt servicing requirements. However, our business is capital intensive, and the inability to access adequate capital could adversely impact future earnings and cash flows. 
 The Credit Agreement covering the Revolving Credit Facility includes financial covenants that DT Midstream must maintain. See Note 9, "Debt" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 See also Note 10, "Commitments and Contingencies" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 CAPITAL INVESTMENTS 
 Capital spending within our Company is primarily for ongoing maintenance and expansion of our existing assets, and if identified, attractive growth opportunities. We have been disciplined in our capital deployment and make growth investments that meet our criteria in terms of strategy, management skills, and identified risks and expected returns. All potential investments are analyzed for their rates of return and cash payback on a risk-adjusted basis. Our total capital expenditures, inclusive of 4 million in contributions to equity method investees, were 264 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily for expansions on Ohio Utica Gathering, Blue Union Gathering, LEAP and Appalachia Gathering. We anticipate total capital expenditures, inclusive of contributions to equity method investees, for the year ended December 31, 2024 of approximately 380 million to 410 million. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires that management applies accounting policies and makes estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Management believes that the area described below requires significant judgment in the application of the accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions in matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. 
 Goodwill 
 We have goodwill that resulted from business combinations. Annually as of October 1st, an impairment test for goodwill is performed which compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value including goodwill. In between annual impairment tests, we monitor our estimates and assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows, including the impact of movements in market indicators. An interim impairment test is performed whenever a triggering event occurs or circumstances indicate that the value of goodwill may be impaired. 
 30 

The estimated fair value in our annual goodwill impairment analysis utilizes significant assumptions that require judgment by management. One such significant assumption is the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) which is used to discount estimates of projected future results and cash flows to be generated by each reporting unit. The WACC is based on our cost of debt, which includes U.S. industrial bond spreads, and cost of equity, which consists of U.S. Treasury Rates plus an equity risk premium. We have noted that U.S. Treasury risk-free rates have decreased slightly since our last annual goodwill impairment test. 
 Our annual goodwill impairment analysis includes a comparison of the estimated fair value of the Company as a whole to our market capitalization. Management also compares the implied market multiple of the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to midstream industry transaction multiples and considers other market indicators to support the appropriateness of the fair value estimates. Our consolidated market capitalization has increased since our last annual goodwill impairment test. We have noted a slight decline in gathering-related midstream industry transaction multiples since our last annual goodwill impairment test. After assessing all relevant facts and circumstances, we have concluded that no triggering event has occurred that indicates it is more likely than not that the goodwill is impaired for either reporting unit and determined that an interim impairment test is not required. We will continue to monitor our estimates and assumptions on a quarterly basis as market conditions continue to evolve. 
 While we believe the estimates and assumptions in the fair value are reasonable, the actual results may differ from projections. To the extent projected results or cash flows are revised downward, the reporting unit may be required to write down all or a portion of its goodwill, which would adversely impact our earnings. If current expectations of future long-term growth are not met or market factors outside of our control change, such as U.S. Treasury Rates, a decline in our market capitalization, or a further decline in midstream industry transaction multiples, this may lead to a goodwill impairment in the future. 
 See Part I, Item 3., "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk", in this Form 10-Q for more information on our exposure to market risk. See also "Critical Accounting Estimates" included in DT Midstream's 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 We are party to off-balance sheet arrangements, which include our equity method investments. See Note 1, "Description of the Business and Basis of Presentation Principles of Consolidation" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q for further discussion of the nature, purpose and other details of such agreements. 
 Other off-balance sheet arrangements include the Vector line of credit and our surety bonds, which are discussed further in Note 10, "Commitments and Contingencies" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 See Note 3, "New Accounting Pronouncements" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 31 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market Price Risk 
 Our business is dependent on the continued availability of natural gas production and reserves in our geographical areas of operation. Low prices for natural gas, including those resulting from regional basis differentials, could adversely affect development of additional reserves and future natural gas production that is accessible by our pipeline and storage assets. We manage our exposure through the use of short, medium, and long-term transportation, gathering, and storage contracts. Consequently, our existing operations and cash flows have limited direct exposure to natural gas price risk. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to credit risk, which is the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance under a contract. We manage our exposure to credit risk associated with customers through credit analysis, credit approval, credit limits and monitoring procedures. For certain transactions, we may request letters of credit, cash collateral, prepayments or guarantees as forms of credit support. Our FERC tariffs require tariff customers that do not meet specified credit standards to provide three months of credit support, however, we are exposed to credit risk beyond this three-month period when our tariffs do not require our customers to provide additional credit support. For some long-term contracts associated with gathering system construction or expansion, we have entered into negotiated credit agreements that provide for enhanced forms of credit support if certain customer credit standards are not met. 
 We depend on a key customer, Expand Energy, in the Haynesville formation in the Gulf Coast and in the Marcellus formation in the Northeastern U.S. for a significant portion of our revenues. The loss of, or reduction in volumes from, this key customer could result in a decline in demand for our services and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our key customer, Expand Energy, is investment grade. We engage with other customers that are sub-investment grade. These customers are otherwise considered creditworthy or are required to make prepayments or provide security to satisfy credit concerns. We regularly monitor for bankruptcy proceedings that may impact our customers and had no bankruptcy proceedings during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with floating rate debt borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. Our exposure to interest rate risk arises primarily from changes in SOFR. As of September 30, 2024, we had no floating rate debt borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 9, "Debt" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our goodwill impairment assessment. See "Critical Accounting Estimates" under Part I, Item 2. of this Form 10-Q. 
 Summary of Sensitivity Analysis 
 A sensitivity analysis was performed on the fair values of our long-term debt obligations. The sensitivity analysis involved increasing and decreasing interest rates as of September 30, 2024 by a hypothetical 10 and calculating the resulting change in the fair values. The hypothetical losses related to long-term debt would be realized only if we transferred all of our fixed-rate long-term debt to other creditors. The results of the sensitivity analysis are as follows: Assuming a 10 Increase in Rates 
 Assuming a 10 Decrease in Rates 
 Change in the Fair Value of 
 Activity As of September 30, 2024 (millions) Interest rate risk (70) 73 Long-term debt 
 32 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Management of DT Midstream carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of DT Midstream's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of DT Midstream's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of September 30, 2024, which is the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, DT Midstream's CEO and CFO have concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures are effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by DT Midstream in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to DT Midstream's management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Due to the inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any disclosure controls and procedures, management cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of our disclosure controls and procedures will be attained. 
 (b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There have been no changes in DT Midstream's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, DT Midstream's internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceeding s 
 For information on legal proceedings and matters related to DT Midstream, see Note 10, "Commitments and Contingencies" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1. of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There are various risks associated with the operations of DT Midstream's businesses. To provide a framework to understand the operating environment of DT Midstream, a brief explanation of the more significant risks associated with DT Midstream's businesses is provided in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in DT Midstream's 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although DT Midstream has identified and disclosed key risk factors, others could emerge in the future. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 Our sand mining facility in Louisiana is subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977. Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is filed as Exhibit 95.1 to this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or executive officers , modified or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company s common stock that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1(c) or any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement." 
 33 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description (i) Exhibits incorporated by reference: 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of DT Midstream, Inc., effective July 1, 2021 (Exhibit 3.1 to DT Midstream's Form 8-K filed July 1, 2021) 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of DT Midstream, Inc., effective July 1, 2021 (Exhibit 3.2 to DT Midstream's Form 8-K filed July 1, 2021) 
 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2021, among DT Midstream, Inc., the Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Exhibit 4.1 to DT Midstream's Form 8-K filed June 10, 2021) 
 4.2 
 Indenture, dated as of April 11, 2022, among DT Midstream, Inc., the Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (Exhibit 4.1 to DT Midstream's Form 8-K filed April 11, 2022) 
 4.3 
 Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2022, among DT Midstream, Inc., the Guarantors, Barclays Bank PLC, as Credit Agreement Agent, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Notes Collateral Agent (Exhibit 4.2 to DT Midstream's Form 8-K filed April 11, 2022) 
 (ii) Exhibits filed herewith: 4.4 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 12, 2024, among DT Midstream, Inc., the Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and Notes Collateral Agent 31.1 
 Chief Executive Officer Section 302 Form 10-Q Certification of Periodic Report 
 31.2 
 Chief Financial Officer Section 302 Form 10-Q Certification of Periodic Report 
 95.1 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Database 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) (iii) Exhibits furnished herewith: 
 32.1 
 Chief Executive Officer Section 906 Form 10-Q Certification of Periodic Report 
 32.2 
 Chief Financial Officer Section 906 Form 10-Q Certification of Periodic Report 

34 

Signature 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: 
 October 29, 2024 DT MIDSTREAM, INC. By: /S/ JEFFREY A. JEWELL Jeffrey A. Jewell Chief Financial and Accounting Officer (Duly Authorized Officer) 
 35 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 a9302024ex44.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 

Exhibit 4.4 
 
 DT MIDSTREAM, INC. 
 as Issuer, 
 
 AND EACH OF THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO 
 
 FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 
 Dated as of August 12, 2024 
 
 to 
 
 INDENTURE 
 
 Dated as of April 11, 2022 
 
 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent 

This FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this First Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of August 12, 2024, is by and among DT Midstream, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer ), the Guarantors party hereto and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee ), and as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Notes Collateral Agent ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent are party to an Indenture, dated as of April 11, 2022 (the Existing Indenture and together with this First Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture ), relating to the Issuer's 4.300 Senior Secured Notes due 2032 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, Section 9.01(a)(1) of the Existing Indenture provides that the Indenture may be amended or supplemented, without the consent of any Holder of Notes, to cure any ambiguity, mistake, defect or inconsistency 
 WHEREAS, Section 9.01(a)(6) of the Existing Indenture provides that the Indenture may be amended or supplemented, without the consent of any Holder of Notes, to conform the text thereof to any provision of the Description of the Notes section in the final Offering Memorandum of the Issuer, dated March 30, 2022 (the Offering Memorandum ), with respect to the Notes offered thereunder 
 WHEREAS, the definition of Excluded Assets was included in the Offering Memorandum but omitted from the Indenture and Security Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, all action on the part of the Issuer necessary to authorize this First Supplemental Indenture has been duly taken. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I 
 SECTION 1.01. Amendment to Section 11.02(a)(2) . Section 11.02(a)(2) of the Existing Indenture is hereby amended to include the following definition of Excluded Asset (as such term is used in the Offering Memorandum) 
 Excluded Asset means 
 (a) any lease, license, permit, governmental authorization, contract, property right or agreement if the grant of a Lien thereon (i) gives any other person party thereto (other than the Issuer or any Subsidiary thereof) the right to terminate its obligations thereunder, (ii) constitutes or results in the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of any right, title or interest of the Issuer or any Guarantor therein or (iii) constitutes or result in a breach or termination pursuant to the terms of, or a default under, such agreement (other than to the extent rendered ineffective under the Uniform Commercial Code) 
 (b) any property and assets the pledge of which is prohibited by any legal requirement or would require governmental consent, approval, license or authorization (except to the extent ineffective under applicable law) 
 2 

(c) any property subject to a purchase money Lien or a capital lease not prohibited pursuant to the indenture if the agreement granting such Lien prohibits or requires the consent of any person (other than the Issuer or any Subsidiary) as a condition to the creation of any other Lien thereon, for so long as the applicable indebtedness has not been repaid in full or the applicable prohibition or consent requirement has not been removed or terminated 
 (d) real property other than fee-owned real property (other than any improvements or easements, rights-of-way or similar interests that are located on any fee-owned real property and, in the case of any such easements, rights-of-way or similar interests, that are necessary for ingress or egress thereto) 
 (e) motor vehicles, aircraft, rolling stock and vessels and any other assets subject to certificates of title (other than to the extent that a security interest in such property can be effected by the filing of a UCC-1 financing statement) 
 (f) any intent-to-use application for registration of a trademark filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. 1051, prior to the filing of a Statement of Use pursuant to Section 1(d) of the Lanham Act or an Amendment to Allege Use pursuant to Section 1(c) of the Lanham Act with respect thereto, solely to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of any registration that issues from such intent-to-use application under applicable federal law 
 (g) customary excluded accounts (including de minimis excluded accounts with an average monthly balance of less than 1.0 million individually and 5.0 million in the aggregate) 
 (h) property located or titled in any non-U.S. jurisdiction (other than to the extent that a security interest in such property can be effected by the filing of a UCC-1 financing statement) 
 (i) voting equity interests of any (i) Foreign Subsidiary or (ii) any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which consist of the Equity Interests or indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiary that are controlled foreign corporations CFC within the meaning of Section 957 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (each under this clause (ii) a Specified Excluded Subsidiary ), in each case, representing more than 65 of the voting power of all outstanding Equity Interests of such Subsidiary and 
 (k) any asset of any CFC and any asset of any Specified Excluded Subsidiary. 
 ARTICLE II 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 SECTION 2.01. Interpretation . Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Existing Indenture. The rules of interpretation set forth in the Existing Indenture shall be applied hereto as if set forth in full herein. 
 SECTION 2.02. Ratification of Existing Indenture Supplemental Indenture Part of Existing Indenture . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Existing Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This First Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Existing Indenture for all purposes. 
 3 

SECTION 2.03. Concerning the Trustee . The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Issuer, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this First Supplemental Indenture. 
 SECTION 2.04. Counterparts . This First Supplemental Indenture may be executed in two or more counterparts, which when so executed shall constitute one and the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this First Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original First Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 
 SECTION 2.05. GOVERNING LAW . THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 4 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Dated as of the date first written above. 
 
 ISSUER 
 
 DT MIDSTREAM, INC. 
 
 By S JEFFREY A. JEWELL Name Jeffrey A. Jewell Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture 

GUARANTORS 
 
 DT Midstream Holdings, LLC 
 DTM Gas Storage Company 
 Washington 10 Storage Corporation 
 DTM Pipeline Company 
 Bluestone Gas Corporation of New York, Inc. 
 Bluestone Pipeline Company of Pennsylvania, LLC 
 Susquehanna Gathering Company I, LLC 
 DTM Appalachia Holdings, LLC 
 DTM Appalachia Gathering, LLC 
 DTM Series B Holdings, LLC 
 DTM Louisiana Midstream Holdings 1, LLC 
 DTM Louisiana Midstream Holdings 2, LLC 
 DTM Louisiana Midstream, LLC 
 DTM Louisiana Gathering, LLC 
 DTM Leap Gas Gathering, LLC 
 DTM Gen6 Proppants, LLC 
 DTM Specialized Water Service, LLC 
 DTM Michigan Gathering Holding Company 
 DTM Michigan Gathering Company 
 Saginaw Bay Pipeline Company 
 DTM Michigan Lateral Company 
 DTM Vector Company 
 DTM Vector II Company 
 DTM Nexus, LLC 
 DTM Nexus Holdings, LLC 
 DTM Millennium Company 

By S JEFFREY A. JEWELL Name Jeffrey A. Jewell Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture 

TRUSTEE AND NOTES COLLATERAL AGENT 
 
 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent 
 
 By S JAMES KOWALSKI Name James Kowalski Title Vice President 

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a9302024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 FORM 10-Q CERTIFICATION 
 I, David Slater, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DT Midstream, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 S DAVID J. SLATER Date October 29, 2024 David J. Slater President and Chief Executive Officer of DT Midstream, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a9302024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 FORM 10-Q CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jeffrey Jewell, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DT Midstream, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 S JEFFREY A. JEWELL Date October 29, 2024 Jeffrey A. Jewell Executive Vice President Chief Financial and Accounting Officer of DT Midstream, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a9302024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DT Midstream, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David J. Slater, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 S DAVID J. SLATER David J. Slater President and Chief Executive Officer of DT Midstream, Inc. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a9302024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DT Midstream, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey A. Jewell, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 S JEFFREY A. JEWELL Jeffrey A. Jewell Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer of DT Midstream, Inc. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 7
 a9302024ex951.htm
 EX-95.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 95.1 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 The following disclosure is provided pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which requires certain disclosures by companies required to file periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that operate mines regulated under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977. 
 The table that follows reflects citations, orders, violations and proposed assessments issued by the Mine Safety and Health Administration (the MSHA to DTM Louisiana Gathering, LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of DT Midstream, Inc. The disclosure is with respect to the three months ended September 30, 2024. Due to timing and other factors, the data may not agree with the mine data retrieval system maintained by the MSHA at www.MSHA.gov. 
 
 DT Midstream, Inc. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Operation (1) 
 Section 104 S&S Citations Section 104(b) Orders Section 104(d) Citations and Orders Section 110(b)(2) Violations Section 107(a) Orders Total Dollar 
 Value of 
 Proposed 
 MSHA 
 Assessments (2) 
 Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(e) Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under Section 104(e) Legal Actions Pending as of the Last Day of Period Legal Actions Initiated During Period Legal Actions Resolved During Period DTM GEN6 Proppants, LLC ID 1601585 1 1,270 No No Total 1 1,270 No No 
 (1) The definition of mine under section 3 of the Mine Act includes the mine, as well as other items used in, or to be used in, or resulting from, the work of extracting minerals, such as land, structures, facilities, equipment, machines, tools, and preparation facilities. Unless otherwise indicated, any of these other items associated with a single mine have been aggregated in the totals for that mine. 
 (2) The whole-dollar amounts included are the total dollar value of all proposed or outstanding assessments, regardless of classification, received from MSHA on or before September 30, 2024 regardless of whether the assessment has been challenged or appealed, for alleged violations occurring during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and as part of that process, are sometimes reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. The number of citations, orders, and proposed assessments vary by inspector and also vary depending on the size and type of the operation. 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 dtm-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 dtm-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 dtm-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 dtm-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 dtm-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

