<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_701347_0000701347-24-000039.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19920810</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>154416</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2095542</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10413082</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3422631</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3189642</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000701347-24-000039.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030161049
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000701347-24-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000701347
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				990212597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			HI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31567
		FILM NUMBER:		241410416

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 S KING ST
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96813
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8085440500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 3590
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96811

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CPB INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000701347-24-000039.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 cpf-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cpf-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of registrant's common stock, no par value, on October 18, 2024 was shares. 

Table of Contents 

 CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Form 10-Q 
 
 Table of Contents Page Part I. 
 Financial Information 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 44 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 70 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 70 
 Part II. 
 Other Information 
 71 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 71 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 71 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 71 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 71 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 72 
 Signatures 
 73 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 As of 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and due from financial institutions Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions Investment securities: Available-for-sale debt securities, at fair value Held-to-maturity debt securities, at amortized cost; fair value of: at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Total investment securities Loans held for sale Loans Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net of allowance for credit losses Premises and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Investment in unconsolidated entities Mortgage servicing rights, net Bank-owned life insurance Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines ("FHLB") stock Right-of-use lease assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing demand Savings and money market Time Total deposits Long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Lease liabilities Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Contingent liabilities and other commitments (see Note 16) par value, authorized shares; 
 issued and outstanding: at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value, authorized shares; 
 issued and outstanding: at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income: Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividends on investment securities: Taxable investment securities Tax-exempt investment securities Interest on deposits in other financial institutions Dividend income on FHLB stock Total interest income Interest expense: Interest on deposits: Demand Savings and money market Time Interest on short-term borrowings Interest on long-term debt Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Other operating income: Mortgage banking income Service charges on deposit accounts Other service charges and fees Income from fiduciary activities Income from bank-owned life insurance Net loss on sales of investment securities ) ) Other Total other operating income Other operating expense: Salaries and employee benefits Net occupancy Computer software Legal and professional services Equipment Advertising Communication Other Total other operating expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Per common share data: Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Net change in fair value of available-for-sale investment securities ) ) Amortization of unrealized losses on investment securities transferred to held-to-maturity Net change in fair value of derivatives ) ) Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Shares Outstanding Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accum. Other Comp. Loss Total (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased and retired and other related costs ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 Common Shares Outstanding Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accum. Other Comp. Loss Total (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased and retired and other related costs ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased and retired and other related costs ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased and retired and other related costs ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization of premises and equipment Loss on disposal of premises and equipment Cash flows from operating leases ) ) Amortization of mortgage servicing rights Net amortization and accretion of premium/discounts on investment securities Share-based compensation Net loss (gain) on sales of investment securities Net gain on sales of residential mortgage loans ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Originations of loans held for sale ) ) Equity in losses of and distributions from unconsolidated entities Net increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) Deferred income tax expense Net tax expense (benefit) from share-based compensation ) Net change in other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from maturities of and calls on available-for-sale investment securities Purchases of investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Proceeds from sale of investment securities Proceeds from maturities of and calls on held-to-maturity investment securities Net repayments of loans Purchases of loan portfolios ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans originated for investment Purchases of bank-owned life insurance ) Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance death benefits Net purchases of premises, equipment and land ) ) Net return of capital from unconsolidated entities Contributions to unconsolidated entities ) ) Net sales of FHLB stock ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Net (decrease) increase in deposits ) Net decrease in FHLB advances and other short-term borrowings ) Proceeds from long-term debt Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) Repurchases of common stock and other related costs ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash information: Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use lease assets Amortization of unrealized losses on investment securities transferred to held-to-maturity at fair value 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

8 

Table of Contents 

9 

Table of Contents 

During the third quarter of 2023, the Company updated its methodology to measure expected credit losses from the Probability of Default/Loss Given Default ("PD/LGD") or Loss-Rate Migration methods to the Discounted Cash Flow ("DCF") method for all segments except the SBA PPP and purchased consumer loan segments. The Company believes that the DCF methodology has better alignment with the Current Expected Credit Losses ("CECL") standard for forward looking forecasting, while also factoring in more detailed assumptions. At the time of the methodology update, the Company ran the ACL model under both the current and previous methodologies and noted that the changes to the ACL model and the differences in methodologies did not result in a material impact to the Company's financial statements and as a percentage of the ACL. The Company is utilizing an industry leading software platform to perform the DCF analysis using a historical look back period of 2008 to present. 
 
 The Company continues to use the Moody's baseline forecast with an economic forecast length of one year and a one-year, straight-line reversion method. We revert to the historical average of the macroeconomic variables being used. Forecast models exclude the post-2019 COVID-19 pandemic period due to abnormal and volatile behavior. 
 
 The ACL on the purchased consumer loan portfolios continues to be calculated using the Remaining Life methodology (also known as the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity or "WARM" methodology) as this portfolio is evaluated on a pooled basis. Because SBA PPP loans are guaranteed by the SBA and may be forgivable in whole or in part in accordance with the requirements of the PPP we anticipate zero losses on these loans and accordingly apply a Zero Loss methodology. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

11 

Table of Contents 

 ) Corporate securities ) U.S. Treasury and other government-sponsored entities and agencies ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) Residential - Non-government agencies ) Commercial - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) Commercial - Non-government agencies ) Total available-for-sale investment securities ) 
 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrecognized Gains Gross Unrecognized Losses Fair Value ACL (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 Held-to-maturity: Debt securities: States and political subdivisions ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) Total held-to-maturity investment securities ) 
 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value ACL (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2023 Available-for-sale: Debt securities: States and political subdivisions ) Corporate securities ) U.S. Treasury and other government-sponsored entities and agencies ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) Residential - Non-government agencies ) Commercial - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) Commercial - Non-government agencies ) Total available-for-sale investment securities ) 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) Total held-to-maturity investment securities ) 

During the first quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a forward starting interest rate swap, with a notional amount of million, that was designated as a fair value hedge of certain municipal debt securities. The Company pays the counterparty a fixed rate of and receives a floating rate based on the Federal Funds effective rate. The fair value hedge became effective on March 31, 2024 and has a maturity date of March 31, 2029. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded income from the interest rate swap of million and million, respectively, in interest income on taxable investment securities on the Company's consolidated statements of income. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a total of million and million, respectively, in amortization of unrecognized losses on investment securities transferred from AFS to HTM. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a total of million and million, respectively, in amortization of unrecognized losses on investment securities transferred from AFS to HTM. 
 
 The Company elected to not measure an estimate of credit losses on accrued interest receivable as the Company writes off any uncollectible accrued interest receivable in a timely manner. Accrued interest receivable on investment securities is reported together with accrued interest receivable on loans and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on investment securities totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies Residential - Non-government agencies Commercial - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies Commercial - Non-government agencies Total available-for-sale securities 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies Total held-to-maturity securities 
 
 (1) Weighted-average yields are computed on an annual basis, and yields on tax-exempt obligations are computed on a taxable-equivalent basis using a federal statutory tax rate of 21 
 
 The Company did sell any investment securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold two AFS commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by non-government agencies. The investment securities had a cost basis of 1.5 million and were sold at a loss of 0.1 million. 
 
 Investment securities with carrying values totaling million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged to secure public funds on deposit, Federal Reserve Bank borrowings and other financial transactions. 
 
 There were no holdings of investment securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. Government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of shareholders' equity at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 and AFS investment securities which were in an unrealized loss position, without an ACL, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There were a total of HTM investment securities which were in an unrecognized loss position, without an ACL, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total (dollars in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses September 30, 2024 Available-for-sale: Debt securities: States and political subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate securities ) ) U.S. Treasury and other government-sponsored entities and agencies ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) ) ) Residential - Non-government agencies ) ) Commercial - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) ) ) Commercial - Non-government agencies ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total (dollars in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses December 31, 2023 Available-for-sale: Debt securities: States and political subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate securities ) ) U.S. Treasury and other government-sponsored entities and agencies ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) ) Residential - Non-government agencies ) ) Commercial - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) ) ) Commercial - Non-government agencies ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total (dollars in thousands) Fair Value Unrecognized Losses Fair Value Unrecognized Losses Fair Value Unrecognized Losses December 31, 2023 Held-to-maturity: Debt securities: States and political subdivisions ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 Investment securities in an unrecognized or unrealized loss position are evaluated at least on a quarterly basis, and include evaluating the changes in the investment securities' ratings issued by rating agencies and changes in the financial condition of the issuer. For mortgage-related securities, delinquency and loss information with respect to the underlying collateral, changes in levels of subordination for the Company's particular position within the repayment structure, and remaining credit enhancement as compared to projected credit losses of the security are also evaluated. 
 
 The Company has evaluated its AFS and HTM investment securities that are in an unrecognized or unrealized loss position and has determined that the unrecognized or unrealized losses on the Company's investment securities are unrelated to credit quality and primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and volatility in the financial markets since purchase. All of the investment securities in an unrecognized or unrealized loss position continue to be rated investment grade by one or more major rating agencies. The Company does not intend to sell the AFS and HTM securities that were in an unrecognized or unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and it is unlikely that the Company will be required to sell 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Real estate: Construction Residential mortgage Home equity Commercial mortgage Consumer Gross loans Deferred fees and costs, net ) ) Total loans, net of deferred fees and costs 
 
 Interest income on loans is accrued at the contractual rate of interest on the unpaid principal balance. Accrued interest receivable on loans totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was reported together with accrued interest receivable on investment securities and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Accrued interest receivable on loans is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company transferred loan to the loans held for sale category. The loan did not have any credit concerns at the time of transfer and thus was transferred to loans held for sale at its amortized cost of million. The loan was sold during the three months ended September 30, 2023 for million, or a loss of million, which was recorded in other operating expense. 
 
 The Company did t transfer any other loans to the held for sale category during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and did sell any other loans originally held for investment during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Premium Purchase price 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Premium Purchase price 

t own any foreclosed properties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company did sell any foreclosed properties during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 The Company had million and million of residential mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property that were in the process of foreclosure at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company did not have any commercial real estate loans in the process of foreclosure at September 30, 2024. The Company had commercial real estate loans totaling million in the process of foreclosure at December 31, 2023. 

Real estate: Construction Residential mortgage Home equity Commercial mortgage Consumer Total 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Accruing Loans 30 - 59 Days Past Due Accruing Loans 60 - 89 Days Past Due Accruing Loans 90+ Days Past Due Nonaccrual Loans Total Past Due and Nonaccrual Loans Not Past Due Total Loans Nonaccrual Loans With No ACL December 31, 2023 Commercial and industrial Real estate: Construction Residential mortgage Home equity Commercial mortgage Consumer Total 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Home equity Total 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Secured by 1-4 Family Residential Properties Secured by Nonfarm Nonresidential Properties Total Allocated ACL December 31, 2023 Real estate: Residential mortgage Home equity Commercial mortgage Total 

had any material modifications to loans either individually or in the aggregate for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. 

million of TDRs included in nonperforming assets at September 30, 2024, compared to million at December 31, 2023. There were million of TDRs that were still accruing interest at September 30, 2024, compared to 2.1 million at December 31, 2023. of the TDRs still accruing interest at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were more than 90 days delinquent. 

18 

Table of Contents 

19 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Subtotal Construction: Risk Rating Pass Subtotal Residential mortgage: Risk Rating Pass Substandard Subtotal Home equity: Risk Rating Pass Substandard Subtotal Commercial mortgage: Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Subtotal Consumer: Risk Rating Pass Substandard Subtotal Total 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Subtotal Construction: Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Subtotal Residential mortgage: Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Subtotal Home equity: Risk Rating Pass Substandard Subtotal Commercial mortgage: Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Subtotal Consumer: Risk Rating Pass Substandard Loss Subtotal Total 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Gross Charge-Offs by Year of Origination Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total Commercial and industrial Real estate: Residential mortgage Consumer Gross charge-offs 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Gross Charge-Offs by Year of Origination Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total Commercial and industrial Consumer Gross charge-offs 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Provision (credit) for credit losses on loans ) ) Subtotal Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Real Estate Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial and Industrial Construction Residential Mortgage Home Equity Commercial Mortgage Consumer Total Beginning balance Provision (credit) for credit losses on loans ) ) Subtotal Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) Ending balance 

Provision (credit) for credit losses on loans ) ) Subtotal Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Real Estate Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial and Industrial Construction Residential Mortgage Home Equity Commercial Mortgage Consumer Total Beginning balance Provision (credit) for credit losses on loans ) Subtotal Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 (Credit) provision for off-balance sheet credit exposures ) ) Ending balance 

Investments in common securities of statutory trusts Investments in affiliates Other Total 
 
 The Company had commitments to fund low-income housing tax credit ("LIHTC") partnerships totaling million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Unfunded commitments related to LIHTC partnerships totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and were included in other liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The investments were accounted for under the proportional amortization method and were included in investments in unconsolidated entities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total unfunded commitments 
 
 Tax credits recognized in income tax expense 
 23 

Table of Contents 

million to the JAM FINTOP Banktech Fund, L.P. The Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the JAM FINTOP Banktech Fund, L.P. and the investment does not have a readily determinable fair value. As a result, the Company determined that the cost method of accounting for the investment was 
 appropriate. The Company had million and million in unfunded commitments related to the investment as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which was included in other liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company invested million in Swell Financial, Inc. ("Swell"). The Company did not have the ability to exercise significant influence over Swell and the investment did not have a readily determinable fair value. As a result, the Company determined that the cost method of accounting for the investment was appropriate. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2023, the Company entered into a transaction with Swell whereby Swell repurchased the Company s entire preferred and common stock equity investment in exchange for million in cash and certain intellectual property rights and a platform usage fee agreement related to products that may be launched by Swell or its affiliates in the future (not to exceed million in value). 
 
 Due to the aforementioned events, the Company performed an impairment analysis and concluded the intellectual property rights and the platform usage fee agreement received in exchange for the Company's investment in Swell were not impaired as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, totaling million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were included in other assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 

billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC) Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLB) Total loans serviced for others 
 
 The following table presents changes in mortgage servicing rights ("MSR") for the periods presented: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Balance at December 31, 2023 Additions Amortization ) Balance at September 30, 2024 Balance at December 31, 2022 Additions Amortization ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Fair market value, end of period Weighted average discount rate Weighted average prepayment speed assumption 
 
 The Company performs an impairment assessment of its MSR whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying value of the MSR may not be recoverable. The Company noted no impairment or triggering events related to its MSR at September 30, 2024. 

million and million of mortgage loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company was not a party to any forward sale commitments on mortgage loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Risk Participation Agreements 
 
 The Company enters into credit risk participation agreements ("RPA") with financial institution counterparties for interest rate swaps related to loans in which it participates. The RPAs entered into by us and a participant bank provide credit protection to the financial institution counterparties should the borrowers fail to perform on their interest rate derivative contracts with the financial institutions. The RPAs are accounted for as undesignated derivatives and are recorded at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in current period earnings. 
 
 The Company was party to RPAs with total notional amounts of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value of the RPAs was insignificant to the consolidated financial statements at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, offset by swap agreements with third party financial institutions with the same total notional amounts. The Company received million and million in counter-party cash collateral related to the back-to-back swap agreements at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Interest Rate Swap 
 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a forward starting interest rate swap, with an effective date of March 31, 2024. This transaction had a notional amount of million and was designated as a fair value hedge of certain municipal debt securities. The Company pays the counterparty a fixed rate of and receives a floating rate based on the Federal Funds effective rate. The fair value hedge has a maturity date of March 31, 2029. 
 
 The interest rate swap is carried on the Company s consolidated balance sheet at its fair value in other assets (when the fair value is positive) or in other liabilities (when the fair value is negative). The changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap are recorded in interest income. The unrealized gains or losses due to changes in fair value of the hedged debt securities due to changes in benchmark interest rates are recorded as an adjustment to the hedged debt securities and offset in the same interest income line item. At September 30, 2024, the hedge was determined to be effective and the Company expects the hedge to remain effective during the remaining term. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded income from the interest rate swap of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Back-to-back swap agreements Other assets / other liabilities 
 Derivative Financial Instruments Designated as Hedging Instruments Asset Derivatives Liability Derivatives Fair Value at Fair Value at (dollars in thousands) Balance Sheet Location September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Interest rate swap Other assets / other liabilities 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Loans held for sale Other income Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest rate lock and forward sale commitments Mortgage banking income ) Loans held for sale Other income Back-to-back swap agreements Other service charges and fees 
 Derivative Financial Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivatives Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivatives (dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Interest rate lock and forward sale commitments Mortgage banking income Back-to-back swap agreements Other service charges and fees Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest rate lock and forward sale commitments Mortgage banking income ) Loans held for sale Other income Back-to-back swap agreements Other service charges and fees 
 Derivative Financial Instruments Designated as Hedging Instruments Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivatives Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivatives (dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Interest rate swap Interest income Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest rate swap Interest income ) Derivative Financial Instruments Designated as Hedging Instruments Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivatives Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivatives (dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Interest rate swap Interest income Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest rate swap Interest income ) 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in the Carrying Amount of the Hedged Assets ) ) 

Subordinated debentures Subordinated notes, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Total 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances and Other Borrowings 
 
 The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines (the "FHLB") and maintained a billion line of credit as of September 30, 2024, compared to billion at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, billion was undrawn under this arrangement, compared to billion at December 31, 2023. There were short-term borrowings outstanding under this arrangement at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. There were million in long-term advances under the FHLB arrangement bearing interest rates between and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The FHLB provides standby letters of credit on behalf of the Bank to secure certain public deposits. If the FHLB is required to make a payment on a standby letter of credit, the payment amount is converted to an advance at the FHLB. Standby letters of credit under this arrangement that are used to collateralize certain government deposits totaled million as of September 30, 2024, compared to million as of December 31, 2023. The letters of credit are counted against the total line of credit, the same as the current outstanding debt, to determine the undrawn or total available line of credit. 
 
 In accordance with the collateral provisions of the Advances, Security and Deposit Agreement with the FHLB, the FHLB advances and standby letters of credit available at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were secured by certain real estate loans with a carrying value of approximately billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 The Bank had additional unused borrowings available at the Federal Reserve Discount Window of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Certain commercial and commercial real estate loans with a par value totaling million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged as collateral on our line of credit with the Federal Reserve. In addition, investment securities with a par value of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged to the Federal Reserve in support of the line of credit. The Federal Reserve does not have the right to sell or repledge these loans and investment securities. 
 
 The Bank had additional unused and unsecured credit lines available totaling million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Three-month CME Term SOFR + tenor spread adjustment of + 
 CPB Statutory Trust V Three-month CME Term SOFR + tenor spread adjustment of + 
 Total 
 
 In September 2004, we created a wholly-owned statutory trust, CPB Capital Trust IV ("Trust IV"). Trust IV issued million in floating rate trust preferred securities which bore an interest rate of three-month LIBOR plus and maturing on December 15, 2034. The principal assets of Trust IV are million of the Company's junior subordinated debentures with an identical interest rate and maturity as the Trust IV trust preferred securities. Trust IV issued million of common securities to the Company. 
 
 In December 2004, we created a wholly-owned statutory trust, CPB Statutory Trust V ("Trust V"). Trust V issued million in floating rate trust preferred securities which bore an interest rate of three-month LIBOR plus and maturing on December 15, 2034. The principal assets of Trust V are million of the Company's junior subordinated debentures with an identical interest rate and maturity as the Trust V trust preferred securities. Trust V issued million of common securities to the Company. 
 
 On July 3, 2023, after the cessation of the LIBOR benchmark rate on June 30, 2023, the Company amended its Trust IV and Trust V debt agreements to replace the LIBOR-based reference rate with an adjusted CME Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a tenor spread adjustment. Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 848 allows us to account for the modification as a continuation of the existing contract without additional analysis. 
 
 The Company is not considered the primary beneficiary of Trusts IV and V. Therefore, the trusts are not considered variable interest entities and are not consolidated in the Company's financial statements. Rather the subordinated debentures are shown as liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The Company's investments in the common securities of the trusts are included in investment in unconsolidated entities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The floating trust preferred securities, the junior subordinated debentures that are the assets of Trusts IV and V and the common securities issued by Trusts IV and V are redeemable in whole or in part on any interest payment date on or after December 15, 2009 for Trust IV and V, or at any time in whole but not in part within days following the occurrence of certain events. Our obligations with respect to the issuance of the trust preferred securities constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of each trust's obligations with respect to its trust preferred securities. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, we may elect from time to time to defer interest payments on the subordinated debentures, which would result in a deferral of distribution payments on the related trust preferred securities, for up to consecutive quarterly periods without default or penalty. 
 
 The subordinated debentures are included in Tier 1 capital, with certain limitations applicable, under regulatory guidelines and interpretations. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 
 
 for the first five years. Resets quarterly thereafter to the then current three-month SOFR plus basis points. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 million private placement of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes, which will be used to support regulatory capital ratios and for general corporate purposes. The Company exchanged the privately placed notes for registered notes with the same terms and in the same aggregate principal amount at the end of the fourth quarter of 2020. The subordinated notes bear a fixed interest rate of for the first five years through November 1, 2025 and will reset quarterly thereafter for the remaining five years to the then current three-month SOFR, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus basis points. 
 
 The subordinated notes are included in Tier 2 capital, with certain limitations applicable, under current regulatory guidelines and interpretations. The subordinated notes had a carrying value of million and million, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

9. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS 
 
 Service charges on deposit accounts Other service charges and fees Income from fiduciary activities Income from bank-owned life insurance Net (losses) gains on sales of investment securities ) ) Other Total other operating income 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) In-Scope Out-of-Scope Total In-Scope Out-of-Scope Total Other operating income: Mortgage banking income Service charges on deposit accounts Other service charges and fees Income from fiduciary activities Income from bank-owned life insurance Net (losses) gains on sales of investment securities ) ) Other Total other operating income 

period from the date of grant and are subject to forfeiture until performance and employment targets are achieved. Compensation expense is typically measured as the market price of the stock awards on the grant date, and is recognized over the specified vesting periods. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Changes during the period: Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Non-vested RSUs and PSUs, end of period 

million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Amortization of net actuarial gain ) ) Amortization of net transition obligation Net periodic benefit cost 
 
 All components of net periodic benefit cost are included in other operating expenses in the Company's consolidated statements of income. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Variable lease cost Less: Sublease income ) Total lease cost Other information: Operating cash flows from operating leases ) ) ) ) Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 In addition, the Company, as lessor, leases certain properties that it owns. All of these leases are operating leases. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 

Amortization of unrealized losses on investment securities transferred to HTM Net change in fair value of investment securities Net change in fair value of derivatives: Net unrealized losses arising during the period ) ) ) Net change in fair value of derivatives ) ) ) SERP: Amortization of net actuarial gain ) ) ) SERP ) ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 
 33 

Table of Contents ) ) Reclassification adjustments from AOCI realized in net income Amortization of unrealized losses on investment securities transferred to HTM Net change in fair value of investment securities ) ) ) Net change in fair value of derivatives: Net unrealized gains arising during the period Net change in fair value of derivatives SERP: Amortization of net actuarial gain ) ) ) Amortization of net transition obligation SERP ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) 

Amortization of unrealized losses on investment securities transferred to HTM Net change in fair value of investment securities Net change in fair value of derivatives: Net unrealized losses arising during the period ) ) ) Net change in fair value of derivatives ) ) ) SERP: Amortization of net actuarial gain ) ) ) SERP ) ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 
 34 

Table of Contents ) ) Reclassification adjustments from AOCI realized in net income Amortization of unrealized losses on investment securities transferred to HTM Net change in fair value of investment securities ) ) ) Net change in fair value of derivatives: Net unrealized gains arising during the period Net change in fair value of derivatives SERP: Amortization of net actuarial gain ) ) ) Amortization of net transition obligation SERP ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Reclassification adjustments from AOCI ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Investment Securities Derivatives SERP AOCI Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at beginning of period ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Reclassification adjustments from AOCI ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) 
 
 35 

Table of Contents ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Reclassification adjustments from AOCI ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Investment Securities Derivatives SERP AOCI Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at beginning of period ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Reclassification adjustments from AOCI ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) 

Net loss on sale of investment securities Tax effect ) Income tax benefit Net of tax Amortization of unrealized losses on investment securities transferred to HTM: Amortization Interest and dividends on investment securities Tax effect ) ) Income tax benefit Net of tax SERP: Amortization of net actuarial gain ) ) Other operating expense - other Amortization of net transition obligation Other operating expense - other Total before tax ) ) Tax effect Income tax expense Net of tax ) ) Total reclassification adjustments from AOCI for the period, net of tax 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Net loss on sale of investment securities Tax effect ) Income tax benefit Net of tax Amortization of unrealized losses on investment securities transferred to HTM: Amortization Interest and dividends on investment securities Tax effect ) ) Income tax benefit Net of tax SERP: Amortization of net actuarial gain ) ) Other operating expense - other Amortization of net transition obligation Other operating expense - other Total before tax ) ) Tax effect Income tax expense Net of tax ) ) Total reclassification adjustments from AOCI for the period, net of tax 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Dilutive effect of employee stock options and awards Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Anti-dilutive employee stock options and awards 

37 

Table of Contents 

 and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively . In accordance with ASU 2016-01, the fair values of loans are measured based on the notion of exit price. 
 
 Loans Held for Sale 
 
 The fair value of loans classified as held for sale are generally based upon quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, acceptance of firm offer letters with agreed upon purchase prices, discounted cash flow models that take into account market observable assumptions, or independent appraisals of the underlying collateral securing the loans. We report loans previously held for investment that were transferred to loans held for sale, if any, at fair value, net of estimated selling costs on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Deposit Liabilities 
 
 The fair values of deposits with no stated maturity, such as noninterest-bearing demand deposits and interest-bearing demand and savings accounts, for the purposes of this disclosure, are shown to equal the carrying amount which is the amount payable on demand. The fair value of time deposits is estimated by discounting future cash flows using rates currently offered for FHLB advances of similar remaining maturities. The weighted average discount rate used in the valuation of time deposits was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively . 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 
 The fair values of our long-term debt is estimated by discounting scheduled cash flows over the contractual borrowing period at the estimated market rate for similar borrowing arrangements. The weighted average discount rate used in the valuation of long-term debt was and a s of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively . 
 
 Derivatives 
 
 The fair values of derivative financial instruments are based upon current market values, if available. If there are no relevant comparable values, fair values are based on pricing models using current assumptions for interest rate swaps and options. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments 
 
 The fair values of off-balance sheet financial instruments are estimated based on the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties, current settlement values or quoted market prices of comparable instruments. 
 
 Limitations 
 
 Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market and financial instrument information. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time our entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. Because no market exists for a significant portion of our financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments and other factors. These estimates cannot be determined with precision as they are subjective in 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions Investment securities Loans held for sale Loans Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing demand and savings and money market Time Long-term debt Accrued interest payable 
 
 Fair Value Measurement Using (dollars in thousands) Notional Amount Carrying Amount Estimated Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) September 30, 2024 Off-balance sheet financial instruments: Commitments to extend credit Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees written Derivatives: Interest rate lock commitments ) ) ) Risk participation agreements Back-to-back swap agreements: Assets Liabilities ) ) ) ) Interest rate swap agreements 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions Investment securities Loans held for sale Loans Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing demand and savings and money market Time Long-term debt Accrued interest payable 
 
 Fair Value Measurement Using (dollars in thousands) Notional Amount Carrying Amount Estimated Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) December 31, 2023 Off-balance sheet financial instruments: Commitments to extend credit Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees written Derivatives: Interest rate lock commitments ) ) ) Risk participation agreements Back-to-back swap agreements: Assets Liabilities ) ) ) ) Interest rate swap agreements 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 We group our financial assets and liabilities at fair value into three levels based on the markets in which the financial assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value as follows: 
 
 Level 1 Valuation is based upon quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets. A quoted price in an active market provides the most reliable evidence of fair value and shall be used to measure fair value whenever available. 
 
 Level 2 Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. 
 
 Level 3 Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect our own estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate securities U.S. Treasury and other government-sponsored entities and agencies Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies Residential - Non-government agencies Commercial - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies Commercial - Non-government agencies Total available-for-sale investment securities Derivatives: Interest rate lock commitments ) ) Interest rate swap agreements Total derivatives ) Total 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate securities U.S. Treasury and other government-sponsored entities and agencies Mortgage-backed securities: Residential - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies Residential - Non-government agencies Commercial - U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies Commercial - Non-government agencies Total available-for-sale investment securities Derivatives: Interest rate lock commitments ) ) Interest rate swap agreements Total derivatives ) Total 
 
 Principal payments received ) ) ) Unrealized net gain (loss) included in other comprehensive income ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 Balance at December 31, 2022 Principal payments received ) ) ) Unrealized net gain (loss) included in other comprehensive income ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 Based on a discounted cash flow model that calculates the present value of estimated future principal and interest payments, the estimated aggregate fair value of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , respectively. 
 
 The weighted-average discount rate was used as the significant unobservable input in the fair value measurement of the available-for-sale debt securities. The weighted average discount rate utilized was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which was derived by incorporating a credit spread over the FHLB Fixed-Rate Advance curve. Significant increases (decreases) in the weighted-average discount rate could result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 There were no financial assets or liabilities measured on a nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements and Factors that Could Affect Future Results 
 
 Certain statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the "Act"), notwithstanding that such statements are not specifically identified. In addition, certain statements may be contained in our future filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), in press releases and in oral and written statements made by us or with our approval that are not statements of historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) projections of revenues, expenses, income or loss, earnings or loss per share, capital expenditures, the payment or nonpayment of dividends, capital position, credit losses, and net interest margin or other financial items; (ii) statements of plans, objectives and expectations of Central Pacific Financial Corp. (the "Company") or its management or Board of Directors, including those relating to business plans, use of capital resources, products or services and regulatory developments and regulatory actions; (iii) statements of future economic performance including anticipated performance results from our business initiatives; and (iv) any statements of the assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing. Words such as "believe," "plan," "anticipate," "seek," "expect," "intend," "forecast," "hope," "target," "continue," "remain," "estimate," "will," "should," "may" and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
 
 While we believe that our forward-looking statements and the assumptions underlying them are reasonably based, such statements and assumptions are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties, and thus could later prove to be inaccurate or incorrect. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from those statements or projections for a variety of reasons. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 
 the effects of inflation and interest rate fluctuations; 
 the adverse effects of recent bank failures and the potential impact of such developments on customer confidence, deposit behavior, liquidity and regulatory responses thereto; 
 the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic virus (and its variants) and other pandemic viruses on local, national and international economies, including, but not limited to, the adverse impact on tourism and construction in the State of Hawaii, our borrowers, customers, third-party contractors, vendors and employees, as well as the effects of government programs and initiatives in response thereto; 
 supply chain disruptions; 
 labor contract disputes and potential strikes impacting both the U.S. National and Hawaii economies; 
 the increase in inventory or adverse conditions in the real estate market and deterioration in the construction industry; 
 adverse changes in the financial performance and/or condition of our borrowers and, as a result, increased loan delinquency rates, deterioration in asset quality, and losses in our loan portfolio; 
 the impact of local, national, and international economies and events (including natural disasters such as wildfires, volcanic eruptions, hurricanes, tsunamis, storms, and earthquakes) on the Company's business and operations and on tourism, the military, and other major industries operating within the Hawaii market and any other markets in which the Company does business; 
 deterioration or malaise in domestic economic conditions, including any destabilization in the financial industry and deterioration of the real estate market, as well as the impact of declining levels of consumer and business confidence in the state of the economy in general and in financial institutions in particular; 
 changes in estimates of future reserve requirements based upon the periodic review thereof under relevant regulatory and accounting requirements; 
 the impact of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), changes in capital standards, other regulatory reform and federal and state legislation, including but not limited to regulations promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the "CFPB"), government-sponsored enterprise reform, and any related rules and regulations which affect our business operations and competitiveness; 
 the costs and effects of legal and regulatory developments, including legal proceedings and lawsuits we are or may become subject to, or regulatory or other governmental inquiries and proceedings and the resolution thereof, the results of regulatory examinations or reviews and the effect of, and our ability to comply with, any regulations or regulatory orders or actions we are or may become subject to, and the effect of any recurring or special FDIC assessments; 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ("PCAOB"), the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") and other accounting standard setters and the cost and resources required to implement such changes; 
 the effects of and changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "FRB" or the "Federal Reserve"); 
 securities market and monetary fluctuations, including the impact resulting from the elimination of the London Interbank Offered Rate Index; 
 negative trends in our market capitalization and adverse changes in the price of the Company's common stock; 
 the effects of any acquisitions or dispositions we may make or evaluate, and the costs associated with any potential or actual acquisition or disposition, including re-engagement in any potential acquisition process; 
 political instability; 
 acts of war or terrorism; 
 changes in consumer spending, borrowings and savings habits; 
 technological changes and developments; 
 cybersecurity and data privacy breaches and the consequence therefrom; 
 failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures; 
 our ability to address deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures; 
 changes in the competitive environment among financial holding companies and other financial service providers; 
 our ability to successfully implement our initiatives to lower our efficiency ratio; 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 changes in our personnel, organization, compensation and benefit plans; 
 our ability to successfully implement and achieve the objectives of our Banking-as-a-Service ("BaaS") initiatives , including adoption of the initiatives by customers and risks faced by any of our bank collaborations including reputational and regulatory risk; and 
 our success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items. 
 
 For further information with respect to factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from the expectations or projections stated in the forward-looking statements, please see the Company's publicly available Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including the Company's Form 10-K for the last fiscal year and in particular, the discussion of "Risk Factors" set forth therein and herein. We urge investors to consider all of these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this document. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which such statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by law. 

Overview 
 
 Central Pacific Financial Corp. ("CPF") is a Hawaii corporation and a bank holding company. Our principal business is to serve as a holding company for our bank subsidiary, Central Pacific Bank. We refer to Central Pacific Bank herein as "our Bank" or "the Bank," and when we say "the Company," "we," "us" or "our," we mean the holding company on a consolidated basis with the Bank and our other consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Central Pacific Bank is a full-service community bank with 27 branches and 56 ATMs located throughout the State of Hawaii as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Bank offers traditional deposit and lending products and services to consumer and business customers such as accepting demand, money market, savings and time deposits, originating loans, including commercial loans, construction loans, commercial real estate loans, residential mortgage loans, and consumer loans and fiduciary and investment management services. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements under "Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)." The following 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 discussion should also be read in conjunction with the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on February 21, 2024, including the Risk Factors set forth therein. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") requires that management make certain judgments and use certain estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported and disclosures made. Actual results may differ from those estimates and such differences could be material to the financial statements. 
 
 Accounting estimates are deemed critical when a different estimate could have reasonably been used or where changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period-to-period and would materially impact our consolidated financial statements as of or for the periods presented. Management has discussed the development and selection of the critical accounting estimates noted below with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed the accompanying disclosures. 
 
 The Company identified a significant accounting policy, which involves a higher degree of judgment and complexity in making certain estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the significant accounting policy that we believed to be the most critical in preparing our consolidated financial statements is the determination of the allowance for credit losses ("ACL") on loans. This is further described in Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements, Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the section titled "Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates" in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Operating Results included in the Company's 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Financial Summary 
 
 Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 13.3 million, or 0.49 per diluted share, compared to net income of 13.1 million, or 0.49 per diluted share for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Net income during the third quarter of 2024 was impacted by 3.1 million in pre-tax expenses related to our evaluation and assessment of a strategic opportunity. 
 
 Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 42.1 million, or 1.55 per diluted share, compared to net income of 43.8 million, or 1.62 per diluted share for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a provision for credit losses of 2.8 million, compared to a provision of 4.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in loan balances outstanding and improvements in the Hawaii economic forecast assumptions used in the Company's estimate of the ACL. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a provision for credit losses of 9.0 million, compared to a provision of 11.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company's pre-provision net revenue ("PPNR"), a non-GAAP financial measure which excludes the provision for credit losses and income tax expense from net income, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 19.9 million, compared to 22.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company's PPNR for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 63.6 million, compared to 68.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in PPNR for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily due to the aforementioned expenses related to a strategic opportunity. See the following section titled "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for reconciliation of PPNR. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents annualized returns on average assets ("ROA") and average shareholders' equity ("ROE"), and basic and diluted earnings per share ("EPS") for the periods presented. ROA and ROE are annualized based on a 30/360 day convention. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Return on average assets 0.72 0.70 0.76 0.78 Return on average shareholders equity 10.02 10.95 10.91 12.33 Basic earnings per share 0.49 0.49 1.55 1.62 Diluted earnings per share 0.49 0.49 1.55 1.62 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The Company uses certain non-GAAP financial measures in addition to our GAAP results to provide useful information which we believe are better indicators of the Company's core activities. This information should be considered as supplemental in nature and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly entitled measures reported by other companies. 
 
 The reconciling adjustments from GAAP or reported financial measures to non-GAAP adjusted financial measures are limited to the 3.1 million in pre-tax expenses related to our evaluation and assessment of a strategic opportunity. Management does not consider these expenses to be representative of the Company's core earnings. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Financial Measures: Net income 13,305 13,141 42,067 43,803 Diluted earnings per share 0.49 0.49 1.55 1.62 Pre-provision net revenue (non-GAAP) 19,898 22,364 63,644 68,728 Return on average assets 0.72 0.70 0.76 0.78 Return on average shareholders' equity 10.02 10.95 10.91 12.33 Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 70.12 63.91 66.86 63.89 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Tangible common equity ratio (non-GAAP) 7.31 6.12 Adjusted Financial Measures (Non-GAAP): Adjusted net income 15,667 13,141 44,429 43,803 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 0.58 0.49 1.64 1.62 Adjusted pre-provision net revenue (non-GAAP) 22,966 22,364 66,712 68,728 Adjusted return on average assets 0.85 0.70 0.80 0.78 Adjusted return on average shareholders' equity 11.75 10.95 11.51 12.33 Adjusted efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 65.51 63.91 65.26 63.89 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Adjusted tangible common equity ratio (non-GAAP) 7.34 6.12 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Net Income and Diluted Earnings per Share 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of the Company's adjusted net income and adjusted diluted EPS for the periods presented: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 GAAP net income 13,305 13,141 42,067 43,803 Add: Pre-tax expenses related to a strategic opportunity 3,068 3,068 Less: Income tax effects (assumes 23 ETR) (706) (706) Expenses related to a strategic opportunity, net of tax 
 2,362 2,362 Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 15,667 13,141 44,429 43,803 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 27,194,625 27,079,484 27,137,985 27,081,541 GAAP diluted EPS 0.49 0.49 1.55 1.62 Add: Expenses related to a strategic opportunity, net of tax 0.09 0.09 Adjusted diluted EPS (non-GAAP) 0.58 0.49 1.64 1.62 
 Adjusted Pre-Provision Net Revenue 
 
 The Company believes that PPNR, a non-GAAP financial measure, is useful as a tool to help evaluate the ability to provide for credit costs through operations. The following table presents a reconciliation of the Company's PPNR and adjusted PPNR for the periods presented: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 GAAP net income 13,305 13,141 42,067 43,803 Add: Income tax expense 3,760 4,349 12,569 13,880 Pre-tax income 17,065 17,490 54,636 57,683 Add: Provision (credit) for credit losses 2,833 4,874 9,008 11,045 PPNR (non-GAAP) 
 19,898 22,364 63,644 68,728 Add: Pre-tax expenses related to a strategic opportunity 3,068 3,068 Adjusted PPNR (non-GAAP) 
 22,966 22,364 66,712 68,728 
 The higher adjusted PPNR in the third quarter of 2024 was primarily due to higher net interest income of 1.9 million compared to the year-ago period. The higher net interest income was primarily due to higher average yields earned on interest-earning assets, which outpaced the higher average rates paid on interest-bearing deposits. 
 
 The lower adjusted PPNR in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to lower net interest income of 2.9 million compared to the year-ago period. The lower net interest income was primarily due to higher average balances and rates paid on interest-bearing deposits driven by the high interest rate environment in 2024, which outpaced the higher average yields earned on loans and investment securities. 

Adjusted Efficiency Ratio 
 
 The Company believes that the efficiency ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure, provides useful supplemental information that is important to a proper understanding of the Company's business results and operating efficiency, which is calculated by dividing total other operating expense by total revenue (net interest income and total other operating income). 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a calculation of our efficiency ratio and adjusted efficiency ratio for the periods presented: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total other operating expense 46,687 39,611 128,414 121,621 Less: Pre-tax expenses related to a strategic opportunity (3,068) (3,068) Adjusted total other operating expense (non-GAAP) 43,619 39,611 125,346 121,621 Net interest income 53,851 51,928 155,959 158,858 Total other operating income 12,734 10,047 36,099 31,491 Total revenue 66,585 61,975 192,058 190,349 Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 70.12 63.91 66.86 63.89 Less: Pre-tax expenses related to a strategic opportunity (4.61) (1.60) Adjusted efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 65.51 63.91 65.26 63.89 
 
 Our adjusted efficiency ratio increased to 65.51 in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 63.91 in the year-ago quarter. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our adjusted efficiency ratio increased to 65.26 , compared to 63.89 in the year-ago period. 
 
 The higher adjusted efficiency ratio in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same year-ago period, was due to higher other operating expense, partially offset by higher net interest income and other operating income. 
 
 The higher adjusted efficiency ratio in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same year-ago period, was due to higher other operating expense and lower net interest income, partially offset by higher other operating income. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Return on Average Assets and Adjusted Return on Average Shareholders' Equity 
 
 The following table presents a calculation of our adjusted ROA and adjusted ROE for the periods presented: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Average assets 7,347,403 7,510,537 7,378,479 7,472,890 Add: Expenses related to a strategic opportunity, net of tax 2,362 787 Adjusted average assets (non-GAAP) 7,349,765 7,510,537 7,379,266 7,472,890 ROA (GAAP net income divided by average assets) 0.72 0.70 0.76 0.78 Add: Expenses related to a strategic opportunity, net of tax 0.13 0.04 Adjusted ROA (non-GAAP) 0.85 0.70 0.80 0.78 Average shareholders' equity 530,928 480,118 513,914 473,856 Add: Expenses related to a strategic opportunity, net of tax 2,362 787 Adjusted average shareholders' equity (non-GAAP) 533,290 480,118 514,701 473,856 ROE (GAAP net income divided by average shareholders' equity) 10.02 10.95 10.91 12.33 Add: Expenses related to a strategic opportunity, net of tax 1.73 0.60 Adjusted ROE (non-GAAP) 11.75 10.95 11.51 12.33 
 
 Adjusted Tangible Common Equity Ratio 
 
 The following table presents a calculation of our tangible common equity ("TCE") ratio and adjusted TCE ratio as of the dates presented: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 TCE (non-GAAP) 542,335 467,114 Add: Expenses related to a strategic opportunity, net of tax 2,362 Adjusted TCE (non-GAAP) 544,697 467,114 Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 7,414,040 7,636,440 Add: Expenses related to a strategic opportunity, net of tax 2,362 Adjusted tangible assets (non-GAAP) 7,416,402 7,636,440 TCE ratio (non-GAAP) 7.31 6.12 Add: Expenses related to a strategic opportunity, net of tax 0.03 Adjusted TCE ratio (non-GAAP) 7.34 6.12 

Material Trends 
 
 The majority of our operations are concentrated in the State of Hawaii. As a result, our performance is significantly influenced by the strength of the real estate markets, economic environment and environmental conditions in Hawaii. Macroeconomic conditions also influence our performance. A favorable business environment is generally characterized by expanding gross state product, low unemployment and rising personal income, while an unfavorable business environment is characterized by the reverse. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 On August 8, 2023, a series of wildfires broke out on the Island of Maui, in Kula, Upcountry Maui, Kihei, and most devastatingly in the town of Lahaina. The wildfires took the lives of at least 100 people and destroyed over 2,200 structures, of which approximately 86 were residential homes. The disaster area had more than 800 business establishments with about 7,000 employees. The Company did not sustain any damages to its facilities on Maui. 
 
 Visitors to Maui decreased by approximately 57 in September 2023 compared to September 2022 but has started to recover at a slow but steady pace as West Maui officially reopened to visitors in early October 2023 and government officials are encouraging travelers to return to Maui, while avoiding the affected area, to support its economic recovery. In August 2024, visitors to Maui were up by approximately 80 compared to August 2023, but still down by 25 from August 2019. The unemployment rate for the Island of Maui was 8.4 in September 2023 and has since improved to 4.0 in September 2024. 
 
 In response to the Maui wildfires, the Company provided three to six months interest and/or principal loan payment deferrals to customers who were directly impacted by the wildfires on a case-by-case basis, which have all ended and returned to current payment status as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Despite the Maui wildfires, Hawaii s economy continued its recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. According to preliminary statistics from the Hawaii Tourism Authority ("HTA"), a total of 6.5 million visitors arrived to the Hawaiian Islands during the eight months ended August 31, 2024, mainly from the U.S. Mainland, compared to 6.7 million in the same prior year period and 7.1 million from the same period in the pre-pandemic and record year in 2019. Average daily visitors from Japan were up approximately 27 during the eight months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the same prior year period, but were down by approximately 54 from the same period in 2019. 
 
 Total spending for visitors arriving in the eight months ended August 31, 2024 was 14.06 billion, down 2.3 from 14.39 billion in the same period last year, and up by 16.6 from 12.06 billion in the eight months ended August 31, 2019. 
 
 According to a September 2024 report by the University of Hawaii Economic Research Organization ("UHERO"), total visitor arrivals by air are expected to be approximately 9.7 million in 2024, which is an increase of approximately 0.9 from 9.6 million last year. Visitor spending is expected to decline approximately 4.0 to 19.89 billion in 2024 from last year's record year for visitor spending of 20.71 billion. 
 
 The Department of Labor and Industrial Relations reported that Hawaii's seasonally adjusted annual unemployment rate was 2.9 in the month of September 2024, compared to 3.0 in the month of September 2023 and the national seasonally adjusted unemployment rate of 4.1 in the month of September 2024. UHERO projects Hawaii's seasonally adjusted annual unemployment rate to remain low at approximately 3.0 in 2024. 
 
 Real estate lending is one of the primary focuses for the Company, including residential mortgage and commercial mortgage loans. As a result, the Company is dependent on the strength of Hawaii's real estate market. While the Hawaii housing market continues to experience some moderation in sales activity, there continues to be strong demand and low inventory. According to the Honolulu Board of Realtors, sales of Oahu single-family homes in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were up 5.8 , while sales of Oahu condominiums were down 5.6 from the same prior year period. The Oahu single-family home median price in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 rose by 4.8 to 1.10 million from 1.05 million in the same prior year period. The Oahu condominium median price in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 rose by 1.0 to 510,000 from 505,000 in the same prior year period. 
 
 Hawaii's economy is measured by the growth of real personal income and real gross state product. UHERO projects real personal income to grow by 1.4 and real gross state product to grow by 1.0 in 2024. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 
 
 A comparison of net interest income and net interest margin on a taxable-equivalent basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is presented below. Net interest margin is defined as annualized net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis using a federal statutory tax rate of 21 , as a percentage of average interest earning assets. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 (dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Average Balance Average Yield/ Rate Interest Income/ Expense Average Balance Average Yield/ Rate Interest Income/ Expense Average Balance Average Yield/ Rate Interest Income/ Expense Assets Interest earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 203,657 5.42 2,775 177,780 5.38 2,412 25,877 0.04 363 Investment securities: Taxable (1) 1,340,347 2.68 8,975 1,354,039 2.07 7,016 (13,692) 0.61 1,959 Tax-exempt (1) (2) 141,168 1.98 697 149,824 2.40 897 (8,656) (0.42) (200) Total investment securities 1,481,515 2.61 9,672 1,503,863 2.10 7,913 (22,348) 0.51 1,759 Loans, including loans held for sale 5,330,810 4.89 65,469 5,507,248 4.49 62,162 (176,438) 0.40 3,307 FHLB stock 6,928 7.31 127 10,975 4.09 113 (4,047) 3.22 14 Total interest earning assets 7,022,910 4.43 78,043 7,199,866 4.01 72,600 (176,956) 0.42 5,443 Noninterest-earning assets 324,493 310,671 13,822 Total assets 7,347,403 7,510,537 (163,134) Liabilities and Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand deposits 1,267,135 0.15 484 1,339,294 0.14 460 (72,159) 0.01 24 Savings and money market deposits 2,298,853 1.77 10,235 2,209,835 1.16 6,464 89,018 0.61 3,771 Time deposits up to 250,000 534,497 3.15 4,238 449,844 2.33 2,637 84,653 0.82 1,601 Time deposits over 250,000 647,728 4.18 6,802 844,842 4.05 8,631 (197,114) 0.13 (1,829) Total interest-bearing deposits 4,748,213 1.82 21,759 4,843,815 1.49 18,192 (95,602) 0.33 3,567 Long-term debt 156,247 5.82 2,287 156,005 5.83 2,292 242 (0.01) (5) Total interest-bearing liabilities 4,904,460 1.95 24,046 4,999,820 1.63 20,484 (95,360) 0.32 3,562 Noninterest-bearing deposits 1,787,209 1,894,256 (107,047) Other liabilities 124,806 136,343 (11,537) Total liabilities 6,816,475 7,030,419 (213,944) Total equity 530,928 480,118 50,810 Total liabilities and equity 7,347,403 7,510,537 (163,134) Net interest income 53,997 52,116 1,881 Interest rate spread 2.48 2.38 0.10 Net interest margin 3.07 2.88 0.19 (1) At amortized cost. (2) Includes taxable-equivalent adjustment using a federal statutory tax rate of 21 . 

Net interest income (expressed on a taxable-equivalent basis) was 54.0 million for the third quarter of 2024, representing an increase of 1.9 million, or 3.6 from 52.1 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase in net interest income from the year-ago quarter was primarily due to higher average yields earned on interest earning assets, combined with declines in average interest-bearing demand balances and average time deposits over 250,000 balances. These positive variances were partially offset by declines in average investment securities and loans and higher average rates paid on interest-bearing deposits. 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Taxable-equivalent interest income was 78.0 million for the third quarter of 2024, representing an increase of 5.4 million, or 7.5 , from 72.6 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase during the third quarter of 2024, compared to the year-ago quarter was primarily attributable to an increase in average yield earned on loans of 40 basis points ("bp" or "bps"), resulting in an increase in interest income of approximately 5.3 million and an increase in average yield earned on investment securities of 51 bps, resulting in an increase in interest income of approximately 1.9 million, combined with increases in the average 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 balance and average yield earned on interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions resulting in an increase in interest income of approximately 0.4 million. The increase in the average yield earned on investment securities was partially attributable to income of 1.1 million from an interest rate swap that became effective on March 31, 2024. These increases were partially offset by decreases in average loans and investment securities balances of 176.4 million and 22.3 million, respectively, resulting in decreases in interest income of approximately 2.0 million and 0.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense was 24.0 million for the third quarter of 2024, representing an increase of 3.6 million, or 17.4 , from 20.5 million in the year-ago quarter. Due to the high interest rate environment, average rates paid on interest-bearing deposits of 1.82 increased by 33 bps from the year-ago quarter, resulting in an increase in interest expense of approximately 4.9 million. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in average interest-bearing deposits of 95.6 million, resulting in a decrease in interest expense of approximately 1.3 million. 
 
 Net Interest Margin 
 
 Our net interest margin of 3.07 for the third quarter of 2024 increased by 19 bps from 2.88 in the year-ago quarter. The increase in net interest margin for the third quarter of 2024 was primarily attributable to increases in average yields earned on interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions, investment securities and loans, which outpaced the increase in average rates paid on interest-bearing deposits. 
 
 In an effort to rein in inflation, the FRB aggressively increased interest rates since the first quarter of 2022 when the Federal Funds Rate target was 0.00 to 0.25 . Since then, the FRB has raised the Federal Funds Rate by more than five percentage points, up to a 22-year high, 5.25 to 5.50 in July 2023. The Federal Funds rate remained at that level until September 2024. At the September 2024 Federal Open Market Committee ("FOMC") meeting, the FOMC lowered interest rates by 50 bps to 4.75 to 5.00 , as they gained greater confidence that inflation is moving sustainably towards its 2 target. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 (dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Average Balance Average Yield/ Rate Interest Income/ Expense Average Balance Average Yield/ Rate Interest Income/ Expense Average Balance Average Yield/ Rate Interest Income/ Expense Assets Interest earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 210,464 5.45 8,589 91,202 5.23 3,566 119,262 0.22 5,023 Investment securities: Taxable (1) 1,333,394 2.47 24,652 1,376,294 2.08 21,497 (42,900) 0.39 3,155 Tax-exempt (1) (2) 142,085 2.14 2,284 151,611 2.48 2,818 (9,526) (0.34) (534) Total investment securities 1,475,479 2.43 26,936 1,527,905 2.12 24,315 (52,426) 0.31 2,621 Loans, including loans held for sale 5,372,247 4.79 192,710 5,525,476 4.37 180,886 (153,229) 0.42 11,824 FHLB stock 6,885 7.43 384 11,687 4.21 369 (4,802) 3.22 15 Total interest earning assets 7,065,075 4.32 228,619 7,156,270 3.90 209,136 (91,195) 0.42 19,483 Noninterest-earning assets 313,404 316,620 (3,216) Total assets 7,378,479 7,472,890 (94,411) Liabilities and Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand deposits 1,279,256 0.15 1,473 1,373,831 0.12 1,234 (94,575) 0.03 239 Savings and money market deposits 2,246,478 1.64 27,655 2,188,585 0.89 14,520 57,893 0.75 13,135 Time deposits up to 250,000 544,823 3.22 13,125 394,464 1.88 5,544 150,359 1.34 7,581 Time deposits over 250,000 714,763 4.31 23,078 775,615 3.61 20,920 (60,852) 0.70 2,158 Total interest-bearing deposits 4,785,320 1.82 65,331 4,732,495 1.19 42,218 52,825 0.63 23,113 FHLB advances and other short-term borrowings 22 5.60 1 31,182 4.88 1,139 (31,160) 0.72 (1,138) Long-term debt 156,188 5.86 6,848 146,513 5.78 6,329 9,675 0.08 519 Total interest-bearing liabilities 4,941,530 1.95 72,180 4,910,190 1.35 49,686 31,340 0.60 22,494 Noninterest-bearing deposits 1,793,854 1,957,267 (163,413) Other liabilities 129,181 131,577 (2,396) Total liabilities 6,864,565 6,999,034 (134,469) Total equity 513,914 473,856 40,058 Total liabilities and equity 7,378,479 7,472,890 (94,411) Net interest income 156,439 159,450 (3,011) Interest rate spread 2.37 2.55 (0.18) Net interest margin 2.95 2.98 (0.03) (1) At amortized cost. (2) Includes taxable-equivalent adjustment using a federal statutory tax rate of 21 . 

Net interest income (expressed on a taxable-equivalent basis) was 156.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing a decrease of 3.0 million or 1.9 from 159.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease from the year-ago period was primarily due to higher average balances and average rates paid on interest-bearing deposits and long-term debt, combined with a decrease in average loans and investment securities balances. These negative variances were partially offset by increases in average yields earned on interest-earning assets. 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Taxable-equivalent interest income was 228.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 19.5 million, or 9.3 , from 209.1 million in the year-ago period. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in average yields earned on loans and investment securities of 42 bps and 31 bps, respectively, resulting in increases in interest income of approximately 16.9 million and 3.5 million, respectively. The increase in the average yield earned on investment 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 securities was partially attributable to income of 1.9 million from an interest rate swap that became effective on March 31, 2024. In addition, the increase in average balance and yield earned on interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions of 119.3 million and 22 bps, respectively, resulted in an increase in interest income of approximately 5.0 million. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in average loan balances of 153.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the year-ago period, resulting in a decrease in interest income of approximately 5.0 million. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense was 72.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which increased by 22.5 million, or 45.3 , from 49.7 million in the year-ago period. Due to the high interest rate environment, average rates paid on interest-bearing deposits of 1.82 increased by 63 bps and average interest-bearing deposit balances increased by 52.8 million from the year-ago period, resulting in increases in interest expense of approximately 22.3 million and 0.8 million, respectively. 
 
 Net Interest Margin 
 
 Our net interest margin of 2.95 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 3 bps from 2.98 in the year-ago period. As previously discussed, the decrease in net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the year-ago period was primarily attributable to the aforementioned increases in average rates paid on interest-bearing deposits and long-term debt, which outpaced the increases in average yields earned on interest-earning assets. 

Rate-Volume Analysis 
 
 For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to: (i) changes in average balances (volume) and (ii) changes in weighted average interest rates (rate). The change in volume is calculated as change in average balance, multiplied by prior period average yield/rate. The change in rate is calculated as change in average yield/rate, multiplied by current period volume. The change in interest income not solely due to change in volume or change in rate has been allocated proportionately to change in volume and change in average yield/rate. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared To September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared To September 30, 2023 Increase (Decrease) Due to: Increase (Decrease) Due to: (dollars in thousands) Volume Rate Net Change Volume Rate Net Change Interest earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 343 20 363 4,676 347 5,023 Investment securities: Taxable (1) (71) 2,030 1,959 (680) 3,835 3,155 Tax-exempt (1) (2) (52) (148) (200) (175) (359) (534) Total investment securities (123) 1,882 1,759 (855) 3,476 2,621 Loans, including loans held for sale (1,993) 5,300 3,307 (5,040) 16,864 11,824 FHLB stock (41) 55 14 (152) 167 15 Total interest earning assets (1,814) 7,257 5,443 (1,371) 20,854 19,483 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand deposits (18) 42 24 (77) 316 239 Savings and money market deposits 258 3,513 3,771 389 12,746 13,135 Time deposits up to 250,000 497 1,104 1,601 2,116 5,465 7,581 Time deposits over 250,000 (2,036) 207 (1,829) (1,632) 3,790 2,158 Total interest-bearing deposits (1,299) 4,866 3,567 796 22,317 23,113 FHLB advances and other short-term borrowings (1,138) (1,138) Long-term debt (1) (4) (5) 424 95 519 Total interest-bearing liabilities (1,300) 4,862 3,562 82 22,412 22,494 Net interest income (514) 2,395 1,881 (1,453) (1,558) (3,011) (1) At amortized cost. (2) Includes taxable-equivalent adjustment using a federal statutory tax rate of 21 . 

Other Operating Income 
 
 The following tables present components of other operating income for the periods presented: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Other operating income: Mortgage banking income 822 765 57 7.5 Service charges on deposit accounts 2,167 2,193 (26) -1.2 Other service charges and fees 5,947 5,203 744 14.3 Income from fiduciary activities 1,447 1,234 213 17.3 Income from bank-owned life insurance 1,897 379 1,518 400.5 Net loss on sales of investment securities (135) 135 -100.0 Other: Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities 7 13 (6) -46.2 Income recovered on previously charged-off loans 52 48 4 8.3 Other recoveries 19 34 (15) -44.1 Unrealized gains on loans held for sale 17 4 13 325.0 Commissions on sale of checks 74 77 (3) -3.9 Other 285 232 53 22.8 Total other operating income 12,734 10,047 2,687 26.7 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 For the third quarter of 2024, total other operating income was 12.7 million, which increased by 2.7 million, or 26.7 , from 10.0 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was primarily due to higher income from bank-owned life insurance ("BOLI") of 1.5 million, other service charges and fees of 0.7 million, and income from fiduciary activities of 0.2 million. The higher income from BOLI was primarily attributable to volatile equity market returns and their impact on corporate-owned life insurance policies used to hedge deferred compensation expense. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Other operating income: Mortgage banking income 2,475 1,981 494 24.9 Service charges on deposit accounts 6,405 6,441 (36) -0.6 Other service charges and fees 17,077 15,182 1,895 12.5 Income from fiduciary activities 4,331 3,623 708 19.5 Income from bank-owned life insurance 4,653 2,855 1,798 63.0 Net loss on sales of investment securities (135) 135 -100.0 Other: Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities (24) (12) (12) 100.0 Income recovered on previously charged-off loans 147 385 (238) -61.8 Other recoveries 63 156 (93) -59.6 Unrealized gains on loans held for sale 3 (3) -100.0 Commissions on sale of checks 221 237 (16) -6.8 Other 751 775 (24) -3.1 Total other operating income 36,099 31,491 4,608 14.6 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total other operating income was 36.1 million, which increased by 4.6 million, or 14.6 , from 31.5 million in the year-ago period. The increase from the same year-ago period was primarily due to higher other service charges and fees of 1.9 million, income from BOLI of 1.8 million, income from fiduciary activities of 0.7 million, and mortgage banking income of 0.5 million. The higher other service charges and fees was attributable to higher investment services fees, ATM and debit card fees and fees on foreign exchange. The higher income from BOLI during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to volatile equity market returns. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Other Operating Expense 
 
 The following tables present components of other operating expense for the periods presented: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Other operating expense: Salaries and employee benefits 22,299 19,015 3,284 17.3 Net occupancy 4,612 4,725 (113) -2.4 Computer software 4,590 4,473 117 2.6 Legal and professional services 2,460 2,359 101 4.3 Equipment 972 1,112 (140) -12.6 Advertising 889 968 (79) -8.2 Communication 740 809 (69) -8.5 Other: SERP expense 107 95 12 12.6 Charitable contributions 182 103 79 76.7 FDIC insurance assessment 871 1,019 (148) -14.5 Miscellaneous loan expenses 283 354 (71) -20.1 ATM and debit card expenses 910 874 36 4.1 Armored car expenses 432 569 (137) -24.1 Entertainment and promotions 534 450 84 18.7 Stationery and supplies 170 204 (34) -16.7 Directors fees and expenses 281 308 (27) -8.8 Directors' deferred compensation plan expense 1,196 113 1,083 958.4 Strategic expenses 3,068 3,068 N.M. Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets 38 (4) 42 -1,050.0 Loss on sale of loans 197 (197) -100.0 Other 2,053 1,868 185 9.9 Total other operating expense 46,687 39,611 7,076 17.9 Not meaningful ("N.M.") 
 
 For the third quarter of 2024, total other operating expense was 46.7 million, which increased by 7.1 million, or 17.9 , from 39.6 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was primarily due to higher salaries and employee benefits of 3.3 million, 3.1 million in expenses related to our evaluation and assessment of a strategic opportunity, and directors' deferred compensation plan expense of 1.1 million. The higher salaries and employee benefits and directors' deferred compensation plan expense were partially attributable to volatile equity market returns and are consistent with the increase in income from BOLI which is used to hedge the deferred compensation expenses. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Other operating expense: Salaries and employee benefits 64,280 61,886 2,394 3.9 Net occupancy 13,809 13,509 300 2.2 Computer software 13,258 13,700 (442) -3.2 Legal and professional services 7,286 7,714 (428) -5.5 Equipment 2,977 2,990 (13) -0.4 Advertising 2,704 2,843 (139) -4.9 Communication 2,234 2,378 (144) -6.1 Other: SERP expense 323 285 38 13.3 Charitable contributions 510 394 116 29.4 FDIC insurance assessment 2,752 3,126 (374) -12.0 Miscellaneous loan expenses 992 946 46 4.9 ATM and debit card expenses 2,681 2,520 161 6.4 Armored car expenses 1,373 1,278 95 7.4 Entertainment and promotions 1,368 1,321 47 3.6 Stationery and supplies 552 641 (89) -13.9 Directors fees and expenses 882 978 (96) -9.8 Directors' deferred compensation plan expense 1,538 (279) 1,817 -651.3 Strategic expenses 3,068 3,068 N.M. Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets 54 (2) 56 -2,800.0 Loss on sale of loans 197 (197) -100.0 Other 5,773 5,196 577 11.1 Total other operating expense 128,414 121,621 6,793 5.6 Not meaningful ("N.M.") 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total other operating expense was 128.4 million and increased by 6.8 million, or 5.6 , from 121.6 million in the same year-ago period. The increase was primarily due to the aforementioned 3.1 million in expenses related to a strategic opportunity, higher salaries and employee benefits of 2.4 million, and higher directors' deferred compensation plan expense of 1.8 million compared to the same year-ago period. The higher salaries and employee benefits and directors' deferred compensation plan expense were partially attributable to volatile equity market returns and are consistent with the increase in income from BOLI which is used to hedge the deferred compensation expenses. These increases were partially offset by lower computer software expense of 0.4 million, legal and professional services of 0.4 million, and FDIC insurance assessment of 0.4 million. 

Income Taxes 
 
 The Company recorded income tax expense of 3.8 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 4.3 million in the same year-ago period. The effective tax rate ("ETR") for the third quarter of 2024 was 22.03 , compared to 24.87 in the same year-ago period. 
 
 The Company recorded income tax expense of 12.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 13.9 million in the same year-ago period. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 23.00 , compared to 24.06 in the same year-ago period. 
 
 The decrease in income tax expense and the effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to higher tax-exempt BOLI income, additional low-income housing tax credits recognized, and lower pre-tax income compared to the same year-ago periods. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 The Company's net deferred tax assets ("DTA"), net of valuation allowance, totaled 22.5 million and 29.5 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. The decrease in DTA was primarily due to projected utilization of net operating loss carryforwards, which arose in 2022 due to unrealized losses on investment securities. 
 
 The valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets ("DTA") at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 totaled 4.4 million, which related entirely to our DTA from net apportioned net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards for California state income tax purposes, as the Company does not expect to generate sufficient income in California to utilize the DTA. 

Financial Condition 
 
 Total assets were 7.42 billion at September 30, 2024 and decreased by 227.4 million, or 3.0 , from 7.64 billion at December 31, 2023, as loans, net of deferred costs, decreased by 96.4 million and excess liquidity was used to pay off high-cost government time deposits that matured during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 Investment securities totaled 1.33 billion at September 30, 2024, which increased by 50.0 million, or 3.9 , from 1.28 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase in the investment securities portfolio reflected purchases of 95.5 million and an increase in the market valuation on the AFS portfolio of 25.9 million, partially offset by principal runoff of 71.4 million. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 Loans 
 
 The following table presents outstanding loans by category and geographic location as of the dates presented: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Hawaii: Commercial and industrial 411,209 421,736 (10,527) (2.5) Real estate: Construction 134,043 163,337 (29,294) (17.9) Residential mortgage 1,897,919 1,927,789 (29,870) (1.5) Home equity 697,123 736,524 (39,401) (5.3) Commercial mortgage 1,157,625 1,063,969 93,656 8.8 Consumer 277,849 322,346 (44,497) (13.8) Total loans 4,575,768 4,635,701 (59,933) (1.3) Less: ACL (47,789) (48,189) 400 (0.8) Loans, net of ACL 4,527,979 4,587,512 (59,533) (1.3) U.S. Mainland: Commercial and industrial 188,238 153,971 34,267 22.3 Real estate: Construction 24,083 22,182 1,901 8.6 Commercial mortgage 312,685 318,933 (6,248) (2.0) Consumer 241,835 308,195 (66,360) (21.5) Total loans 766,841 803,281 (36,440) (4.5) Less: ACL (13,858) (15,745) 1,887 (12.0) Loans, net of ACL 752,983 787,536 (34,553) (4.4) Total: Commercial and industrial 599,447 575,707 23,740 4.1 Real estate: Construction 158,126 185,519 (27,393) (14.8) Residential mortgage 1,897,919 1,927,789 (29,870) (1.5) Home equity 697,123 736,524 (39,401) (5.3) Commercial mortgage 1,470,310 1,382,902 87,408 6.3 Consumer 519,684 630,541 (110,857) (17.6) Total loans 5,342,609 5,438,982 (96,373) (1.8) Less: ACL (61,647) (63,934) 2,287 (3.6) Loans, net of ACL 5,280,962 5,375,048 (94,086) (1.8) 
 
 Loans, net of deferred costs, totaled 5.34 billion at September 30, 2024, which decreased by 96.4 million, or 1.77 , from 5.44 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to decreases in consumer of 110.9 million, home equity of 39.4 million, residential mortgage of 29.9 million, and construction of 27.4 million. These decreases were partially offset by increases in commercial mortgage of 87.4 million and commercial and industrial of 23.7 million. 
 
 The Hawaii loan portfolio decreased by 59.9 million, or 1.3 , from December 31, 2023. The decrease reflected decreases in consumer of 44.5 million, home equity of 39.4 million, construction of 29.3 million, residential mortgage of 29.9 million and commercial and industrial of 10.5 million. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in commercial mortgage of 93.7 million. 
 
 The U.S. Mainland loan portfolio decreased by 36.4 million, or 4.5 , from December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in consumer loans of 66.4 million, as the Company continued its strategy to let the US. Mainland consumer loan portfolio to runoff with minimal purchases year-to-date. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in commercial and industrial loans of 34.3 million. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Nonperforming Assets and Accruing Loans 90+ Days Past Due 
 
 The following table presents nonperforming assets and accruing loans 90+ days past due as of the dates presented: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Nonperforming Assets ("NPAs") Nonaccrual loans: Commercial and industrial 376 432 (56) (13.0) Real estate: Residential mortgage 9,680 4,962 4,718 95.1 Home equity 915 834 81 9.7 Commercial mortgage 77 (77) (100.0) Consumer 626 703 (77) (11.0) Total nonaccrual loans 11,597 7,008 4,589 65.5 Other real estate owned ("OREO") N.M. Total NPAs 11,597 7,008 4,589 65.5 Accruing Loans 90+ Days Past Due Real estate: Residential mortgage 13 13 N.M. Home equity 135 229 (94) (41.0) Consumer 481 1,083 (602) (55.6) Total accruing loans 90+ days past due 629 1,312 (683) (52.1) Total NPAs and accruing loans 90+ days past due 12,226 8,320 3,906 46.9 Ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans 0.22 0.13 0.09 Ratio of NPAs to total assets 0.16 0.09 0.07 Ratio of NPAs and accruing loans 90+ days past due to total loans and OREO 0.23 0.15 0.08 Ratio of classified assets and OREO to tier 1 capital and ACL 2.93 3.41 (0.48) Not meaningful ("N.M.") 
 
 The following table presents year-to-date activities in nonperforming assets for the period presented: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Balance at December 31, 2023 7,008 Additions 10,196 Reductions: Payments (1,228) Return to accrual status (579) Charge-offs, valuation and other adjustments (3,800) Total reductions (5,607) Net increase 4,589 Balance at September 30, 2024 11,597 
 
 Nonperforming assets totaled 11.6 million, or 0.16 of total assets at September 30, 2024, compared to 7.0 million, or 0.09 of total assets at December 31, 2023. The increase in nonperforming assets from December 31, 2023 was primarily attributable to additions to nonaccrual loans totaling 10.2 million, partially offset by 1.2 million in repayments of nonaccrual loans, 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 0.6 million in loans returned to accrual status and 3.8 million in net charge-offs, valuation and other adjustments. The majority of the nonaccrual loans are in the residential mortgage category which are well-collateralized with strong loan-to-value ratios. 
 
 Criticized loans at September 30, 2024 declined by 17.1 million from December 31, 2023 to 33.0 million, or 0.6 of the total loan portfolio. Special mention loans declined by 14.1 million to 10.7 million, or 0.2 of the total loan portfolio. Classified loans declined by 3.0 million to 22.3 million, or 0.4 of the total loan portfolio . 
 
 The Company's ratio of classified assets and other real estate owned to tier 1 capital and the ACL was 2.93 at September 30, 2024, which decreased from 3.41 at December 31, 2023. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The following table presents certain information with respect to the ACL as of the dates and for the periods presented: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Allowance for Credit Losses: Balance at beginning of period 62,225 63,849 63,934 63,738 Provision (credit) for credit losses on loans 3,040 4,526 9,609 10,276 Charge-offs: Commercial and industrial (663) (402) (1,864) (1,543) Real estate: Residential mortgage (99) (383) Consumer (3,956) (4,710) (13,139) (11,269) Total charge-offs (4,718) (5,112) (15,386) (12,812) Recoveries: Commercial and industrial 158 261 378 636 Real estate: Construction 1 1 Residential mortgage 8 10 25 70 Home equity 6 15 Consumer 934 982 3,081 2,593 Total recoveries 1,100 1,254 3,490 3,315 Net charge-offs (3,618) (3,858) (11,896) (9,497) Balance at end of period 61,647 64,517 61,647 64,517 Average loans, net of deferred fees and costs 5,330,810 5,507,248 5,372,247 5,525,476 Ratio of annualized net charge-offs to average loans 0.27 0.28 0.30 0.23 Ratio of ACL to total loans 1.15 1.17 1.15 1.17 Ratio of ACL to nonaccrual loans 532 970 532 970 
 
 Our ACL totaled 61.6 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 63.9 million at December 31, 2023 and 64.5 million at September 30, 2023. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we recorded a provision for credit losses on loans of 3.0 million and net charge-offs of 3.6 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a provision for credit losses on loans of 9.6 million and net charge-offs of 11.9 million. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 The decrease in the provision for credit losses on loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same year-ago periods, was primarily due to a decrease in loan balances outstanding and improvements in the Hawaii economic forecast assumptions used in the Company's estimate of the ACL in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our ratio of ACL to total loans was 1.15 at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.18 at December 31, 2023 and 1.17 at September 30, 2023. 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, loans held for sale and other real estate assets are not included in our assessment of the ACL. 

Deposits 
 
 The following table presents the composition of our deposits by category as of the dates presented: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 1,838,009 1,913,379 (75,370) (3.9) Interest-bearing demand deposits 1,255,382 1,329,189 (73,807) (5.6) Savings and money market deposits 2,336,323 2,209,733 126,590 5.7 Time deposits up to 250,000 536,316 533,898 2,418 0.5 Core deposits 5,966,030 5,986,199 (20,169) (0.3) Other time deposits greater than 250,000 492,221 486,812 5,409 1.1 Government time deposits 124,762 374,581 (249,819) (66.7) Total time deposits greater than 250,000 616,983 861,393 (244,410) (28.4) Total deposits 6,583,013 6,847,592 (264,579) (3.9) 
 
 The Company's deposit portfolio is diversified and long-tenured as it is built upon a business model based on long-term customer relationships. Approximately 52 of deposit customers have been banking with us for more than 10 years. 
 
 Our total deposits of 6.58 billion at September 30, 2024 decreased by 264.6 million, or 3.9 , from total deposits of 6.85 billion at December 31, 2023. The decreases in government time deposits of 249.8 million, noninterest-bearing demand deposits of 75.4 million, and interest-bearing demand deposits of 73.8 million were partially offset by increases in savings and money market deposits of 126.6 million, other time deposits greater than 250,000 of 5.4 million, and time deposits up to 250,000 of 2.4 million. Due to the high interest rate environment, we continued to see a shift in the composition of the deposit portfolio from demand deposits to savings and money market and time deposits. The decline in government time deposits was largely due to planned runoff of high-cost government time deposits that matured during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our core deposits, which we define as demand deposits, savings and money market deposits, and time deposits up to 250,000, totaled 5.97 billion at September 30, 2024 and decreased by 20.2 million, from 5.99 billion at December 31, 2023. Core deposits as a percentage of total deposits was 90.6 at September 30, 2024, compared to 87.4 at December 31, 2023. Our average cost of total deposits was 132 bps during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 84 bps during the same year-ago period. 
 
 The Company had estimated uninsured deposits of 2.74 billion, or 42 of total deposits as of September 30, 2024, compared to an estimated 2.91 billion, or 42 of total deposits as of December 31, 2023. The Company had fully collateralized deposits of approximately 305.8 million and 536.3 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company's estimated uninsured deposits, excluding fully collateralized deposits, totaled 2.44 billion, or 37 of total deposits as of September 30, 2024, compared to the estimated 2.37 billion, or 35 of total deposits as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the amount of time deposits in excess of the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 by remaining maturity as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 Remaining maturity: Three months or less 333,726 Over three through twelve months 271,845 Over one year through three years 10,912 Over three years 500 Total 616,983 

Capital Resources 
 
 In order to ensure adequate levels of capital, we perform ongoing assessment of projected sources and uses of capital in conjunction with an analysis of the size and quality of our assets, the anticipated performance of our business, changes in monetary and fiscal policies, and the level of risk and regulatory capital requirements. As a part of this assessment, the Board of Directors reviews our capital position on an ongoing basis to ensure it is adequate, including, but not limited to, the need for raising additional capital or the ability to return capital to our shareholders, including the ability to declare cash dividends or repurchase our securities. 
 
 Common Equity 
 
 Our total shareholders' equity was 543.7 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 503.8 million at December 31, 2023. The change in total shareholders' equity was primarily attributable to net income of 42.1 million, partially offset by cash dividends declared of 21.1 million, the repurchase of 0.9 million in shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, and other comprehensive income of 18.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our total shareholders' equity to total assets ratio was 7.33 at September 30, 2024, compared to 6.59 at December 31, 2023. Our book value per share was 20.09 and 18.63 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Holding Company Capital Resources 
 
 CPF is required to act as a source of strength to the Bank under the Dodd-Frank Act. CPF is obligated to pay its expenses and payments on its junior subordinated debentures which fund payments on the outstanding trust preferred securities and subordinated notes. 
 
 CPF relies on the Bank to pay dividends to fund its obligations. In order to meet its ongoing obligations, on a stand-alone basis, CPF had an available cash balance of 23.1 million and 22.1 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 As a Hawaii state-chartered bank, the Bank may only pay dividends to the extent it has retained earnings as defined under Hawaii banking law ("Statutory Retained Earnings"), which differs from GAAP retained earnings. The Bank had Statutory Retained Earnings of 190.4 million and 169.1 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Dividends are payable at the discretion of the Board of Directors and there can be no assurance that the Board of Directors will allow the Company to continue to pay dividends at the same rate, or at all, in the future. Our ability to pay cash dividends to our shareholders is subject to restrictions under federal and Hawaii law, including restrictions imposed by the FRB and covenants set forth in various agreements we are a party to, including covenants set forth in our subordinated debentures and subordinated notes. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 In January 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new authorization to repurchase up to 20.0 million of its common stock from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions (the "2024 Repurchase Plan"), pursuant to a newly authorized share repurchase plan. The 2024 Repurchase Plan replaces and supersedes in its entirety the 2023 Repurchase Plan. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 49,960 shares of common stock, at an aggregate cost of 0.9 million under the Company's share repurchase program. As of September 30, 2024, 19.1 million remained available for repurchase under the Company's 2024 Repurchase Plan. 
 
 Trust Preferred Securities 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has two statutory trusts, CPB Capital Trust IV ("Trust IV") and CPB Statutory Trust V ("Trust V"), which issued a total of 50.0 million in floating rate trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities, the underlying floating rate junior subordinated debentures that are the assets of Trusts IV and V, and the common securities issued by Trusts IV and V are redeemable in whole or in part on any interest payment date on or after December 15, 2009 for Trust IV and V, or at any time in whole but not in part within 90 days following the occurrence of certain events. 
 
 On July 3, 2023, after the cessation of the LIBOR benchmark rate on June 30, 2023, the Company amended its Trust IV and Trust V debt agreements to replace the LIBOR-based reference rate with an adjusted CME Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a tenor spread adjustment. Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 848 allows us to account for the modification as a continuation of the existing contract without additional analysis. The 30.0 million in floating rate trust preferred securities of Trust IV bear an interest rate of three-month CME Term SOFR plus a tenor spread adjustment of 0.26 plus 2.45 and the 20.0 million in floating rate trust preferred securities of Trust V bear an interest rate of three-month CME Term SOFR plus a tenor spread adjustment of 0.26 plus 1.87 . 
 
 Our obligations with respect to the issuance of the trust preferred securities constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of each trust's obligations with respect to its trust preferred securities. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, we may elect from time to time to defer subordinated debenture interest payments, which would result in a deferral of dividend payments on the related trust preferred securities, for up to 20 consecutive quarterly periods without default or penalty. 
 
 The Company determined that its investments in Trust IV and Trust V did not represent a variable interest and therefore the Company was not the primary beneficiary of each of the trusts. As a result, consolidation of the trusts by the Company were not required. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 
 
 On October 20, 2020, the Company completed a 55.0 million private placement of ten-year fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes, which was used to support regulatory capital ratios and for general corporate purposes. The Company exchanged the privately placed notes for registered notes with the same terms and in the same aggregate principal amount at the end of the fourth quarter of 2020. The notes bear a fixed interest rate of 4.75 for the first five years through November 1, 2025 and will reset quarterly thereafter for the remaining five years to the then current three-month SOFR, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus 4.56 . The subordinated notes had a carrying value of 54.7 million at September 30, 2024, which was net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 0.3 million that is being amortized over the expected life. 

Regulatory Capital Ratios 
 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations, involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. Failure to meet capital requirements can initiate regulatory action. 
 
 Federal banking agencies previously issued an interim final rule that delayed the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of CECL. The interim final rule provided banking organizations that implement CECL before the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay. The federal banking agencies subsequently issued a final rule that made certain technical changes to the interim final rule. The changes in the final rule apply only to those banking organizations that elected the CECL transition relief provided under the rule. The Company elected this option and the transition period ends for the Company on December 31, 2024. 
 
 General capital adequacy regulations adopted by the FRB and FDIC require an institution to maintain minimum leverage capital, tier 1 risk-based capital, total risk-based capital, and common equity tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratios. In addition to these uniform risk-based capital guidelines and leverage ratios that apply across the industry, the regulators have the discretion to set 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 individual minimum capital requirements for specific institutions at rates significantly above the minimum guidelines and ratios. For a further discussion of capital requirements for the Company and the Bank and the effect of forthcoming changes in required regulatory capital ratios, see the discussion in the "Business Supervision and Regulation" sections of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 The following table presents the regulatory capital ratios for the Company and the Bank, as well as the minimum capital adequacy requirements applicable to all financial institutions, as of the dates presented. The leverage capital, tier 1 risk-based capital, total risk-based capital, and CET1 risk-based capital ratios for the Company and the Bank as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were above the levels required for a "well capitalized" regulatory designation. 
 
 Actual Minimum Required for Capital Adequacy Purposes Minimum Required to be Well Capitalized (dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio [1] 
 Amount Ratio Central Pacific Financial Corp. September 30, 2024 Leverage capital 698,312 9.5 295,022 4.0 N/A N/A CET1 risk-based capital 648,312 12.1 240,780 4.5 N/A N/A Tier 1 risk-based capital 698,312 13.1 321,040 6.0 N/A N/A Total risk-based capital 818,063 15.3 428,054 8.0 N/A N/A December 31, 2023 Leverage capital 676,536 8.8 305,843 4.0 N/A N/A CET1 risk-based capital 626,536 11.4 246,457 4.5 N/A N/A Tier 1 risk-based capital 676,536 12.4 328,609 6.0 N/A N/A Total risk-based capital 799,175 14.6 438,146 8.0 N/A N/A Central Pacific Bank September 30, 2024 Leverage capital 724,934 9.8 294,454 4.0 368,068 5.0 CET1 risk-based capital 724,934 13.6 240,211 4.5 346,972 6.5 Tier 1 risk-based capital 724,934 13.6 320,281 6.0 427,042 8.0 Total risk-based capital 789,685 14.8 427,042 8.0 533,802 10.0 December 31, 2023 Leverage capital 704,512 9.2 305,375 4.0 381,719 5.0 CET1 risk-based capital 704,512 12.9 245,926 4.5 355,227 6.5 Tier 1 risk-based capital 704,512 12.9 327,902 6.0 437,203 8.0 Total risk-based capital 772,151 14.1 437,203 8.0 546,503 10.0 
 
 [1] Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the Company and the Bank must also maintain a 2.5 Capital Conservation Buffer ("CCB") to avoid becoming subject to restrictions on capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management. The CCB is calculated as a ratio of CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets, and effectively increases the required minimum risk-based capital ratios. 

Market Risk 
 
 Market risk is the risk of loss in a financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market rates/prices such as interest rates, foreign currency rates, commodity prices and equity prices. Our primary market risk exposure is interest rate risk that occurs when rate-sensitive assets and rate-sensitive liabilities mature or reprice during different periods or in differing amounts. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company is subject to interest rate risk in the normal course of business through the activities of making loans and taking deposits, as well as from our investment securities portfolio and other interest-bearing funding sources. Our earnings and capital are sensitive to risk of interest rate fluctuations. Asset/liability management attempts to coordinate our rate-sensitive assets and rate-sensitive liabilities to meet our financial objectives. Potentially adverse interest rate risk exposures are managed through the shortening or lengthening of the duration of assets and liabilities. 
 
 The Asset/Liability Management Committee ("ALCO") manages interest rate risk utilizing a detailed and dynamic simulation model to analyze earnings and capital in various interest rate scenarios and balance sheet forecasts. Earnings are typically measured by estimated changes in net interest income ("NII") under different rate scenarios. Capital impact is measured through an Economic Value of Equity ("EVE") analysis which monitors the impact of the durations of rate sensitive assets and liabilities. The EVE analysis simulates the cash flows for all on- and off- balance sheet instruments under different rate scenarios which are then discounted to determine a present value for each scenario. The net present value of our assets and liabilities represents the EVE for each scenario. The EVE results for each scenario are then compared to the base scenario to determine the Company s sensitivities to longer term rate exposures. The results of the analyses are shared with the Board of Directors and informs strategic actions to mitigate and optimize our risk position and profitability. 
 
 The ALCO simulation model used to measure and manage interest rate risk exposures includes both dynamic and static balance sheet and rate scenarios. The dynamic model scenarios provide an enhanced view that enables management and the Board of Directors to have a realistic view of the expected impact to earnings and capital from forecasted non-parallel movements in interest rates as well as balance sheet changes. On the other hand, static rate scenarios are a measurement of embedded interest rate risk in the balance sheet as of a point in time and incorporate various hypothetical interest rate scenarios that may include gradual or immediate parallel rate changes. The static scenarios have the benefit of comparability against prior periods and other financial institutions. Both dynamic and static model simulations include the use of a number of key modeling assumptions including prepayment speeds, pricing spreads of assets and liabilities, deposit decay rates and the timing and magnitude of deposit rate changes in relation to changes in the overall level of interest rates. The assumptions are typically based on analyses of institution specific actual historical data and trends. Market information is also incorporated where relevant and appropriate. Assumptions are periodically reviewed and updated by ALCO. During periods of increased market volatility, assumptions will be reviewed more frequently. While management believes the assumptions are reasonable, actual behaviors and results may likely differ. 
 
 The following table reflects our static net interest income sensitivity analysis as of the dates presented. The simulations estimate net interest income assuming no balance sheet growth under a flat interest rate scenario. The net interest income sensitivity is measured as the change in net interest income in alternate interest rate scenarios as a percentage of the flat rate scenario. The alternate rate scenarios assume rates move up or down 100 bps, 200 bps or 300 bps in either a gradual (defined as the stated change over a 12-month period in equal increments) or an instantaneous, parallel fashion. 
 
 Our Asset/Liability Management Policy seeks to maximize the risk-adjusted return to shareholders while maintaining consistently acceptable levels of liquidity, interest rate risk and capitalization. The ALCO Policy requires that simulated changes in NII should be within certain specified ranges, or steps must be taken to reduce interest rate risk. The net interest income sensitivity table shows that the Company s balance sheet is relatively well-matched against movements in interest rates and within our ALCO Policy risk limits that have been approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Estimated Net Interest Income Sensitivity Estimated Net Interest Income Sensitivity Rate Change Gradual Instantaneous Gradual Instantaneous +300 bps 2.20 1.97 1.69 2.51 +200 bps 1.38 1.40 1.00 1.61 +100bps 0.59 0.74 0.39 0.68 -100bps (1.31) (2.00) (1.26) (1.73) -200 bps (2.78) (4.19) (2.53) (3.59) -300 bps (4.31) (6.85) (3.86) (5.65) 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Borrowing Arrangements 
 
 Our objective in managing liquidity is to maintain a balance between sources and uses of funds in order to economically meet the cash requirements of customers for loans and deposit withdrawals and participate in lending and investment opportunities as they arise. We monitor our liquidity position in relation to changes in loan and deposit balances on a daily basis to ensure maximum utilization, maintenance of an adequate level of readily marketable assets and access to short-term funding sources. 
 
 The high profile regional bank failures in the first half of 2023 drove several precautionary actions to ensure adequate liquidity including carrying higher levels of on-balance sheet liquidity, limited portfolio reinvestments, and efficient allocation of collateral to maximize funding sources. The higher level of on-balance sheet liquidity was carried through the remainder of 2023 and is seen in the financial results. Additionally, the Company performs regular liquidity stress testing under a variety of scenarios to ensure that liquidity is adequate under certain potential liquidity stress events. Further, forecasts of Company cash flows are updated and analyzed periodically and more frequently during periods of elevated liquidity risk. 
 
 Core deposits have historically provided us with a sizable source of relatively stable and low cost funds, but are subject to competitive pressure in our market. A significant portion of our deposits are granular, long-tenured, and relationship-based. In addition to core deposit funding, we also have access to a variety of other short-term and long-term funding sources, which include proceeds from maturities of our loans and investment securities, as well as secondary funding sources available to meet our liquidity needs, such as the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines (the "FHLB"), secured repurchase agreements and the Federal Reserve discount window. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 326.6 million in cash on its balance sheet and approximately 2.55 billion in total other liquidity sources, including available borrowing capacity and unpledged investment securities. Total available sources of liquidity as a percentage of uninsured and uncollateralized deposits was 118 . Refer to Note 8 - Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements in this report for information on the Company's borrowing arrangements. 
 
 Information regarding our material contractual obligations is provided in "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes in our cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations since December 31, 2023. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 For quantitative and qualitative disclosures regarding market risks, refer to "Market Risk" and "Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk" of Part I, Item 2, "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report and pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the "Exchange Act"), the Company's management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness and design of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 T here have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this report, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are involved in legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. The outcome of these matters and the timing of ultimate resolution is inherently difficult to predict. Based on information currently available to us, we do not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes from the Risk Factors as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 On January 24, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase authorization of up to 20.0 million of its common stock from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to a newly authorized share repurchase plan (the "2024 Repurchase Plan"). 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not repurchase any shares of common stock under the Company's share repurchase program. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, 19.1 million in share repurchase authorization remained available for repurchase under the Company's 2024 Repurchase Plan. We cannot provide any assurance as to whether or not we will continue to repurchase common stock under our share repurchase program. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased [1] 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Maximum Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program July 1-31, 2024 19,054,953 August 1-31, 2024 415 25.79 19,054,953 September 1-30, 2024 19,054,953 Total 415 25.79 19,054,953 
 
 [1] During the three months ended September 30, 2024, 415 shares were acquired from employees in connection with income tax withholding obligations related to the vesting of restricted stock and/or performance stock units. These purchases were not included within the Company's publicly announced share repurchase program. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f)) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (in each case, as defined in item 408 of Regulation S-K) for the purchase or sale of the Company's common stock. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Document 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.1 
 Interactive Data Files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language Inline XBRL 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.1) 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 

72 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP. Date: October 30, 2024 /s/ Arnold D. Martines Arnold D. Martines Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ David S. Morimoto David S. Morimoto Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 73 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-q32024093024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer in 
 Accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Arnold D. Martines, President and Chief Executive Officer of Central Pacific Financial Corp. (the Company ), certify that 
 
 (1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company 
 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report 
 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report 
 
 (4) The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and we have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 (5) The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 s Arnold D. Martines Arnold D. Martines Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-q32024093024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer in 
 Accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, David S. Morimoto, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Central Pacific Financial Corp. (the Company ), certify that 
 
 (1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company 
 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report 
 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report 
 
 (4) The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and we have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 (5) The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 s David S. Morimoto David S. Morimoto Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-q32024093024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer in 
 Accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Central Pacific Financial Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Arnold D. Martines, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material aspects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 30, 2024 s Arnold D. Martines Arnold D. Martines Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322-q32024093024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer in 
 Accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Central Pacific Financial Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David S. Morimoto, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material aspects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 30, 2024 s David S. Morimoto David S. Morimoto Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cpf-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cpf-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cpf-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cpf-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cpf-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

