<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_2014982_0001213900-24-098417.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3295504</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82753</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>833296</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>543994</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>841965</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>939952</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098417.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160543
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098417
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SIM Acquisition Corp. I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002014982
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42164
		FILM NUMBER:		241461917

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET, SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2039402657

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET, SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098417.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220715-10q_simacq1.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 14, 2024, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant
issued and outstanding. 

SIM ACQUISTION CORP. I 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements. 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from January 29, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from January 29, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the period from January 29, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 16 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 20 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 20 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 21 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 21 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 21 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 22 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 22 

Item 5. 
 Other Information. 
 22 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits. 
 23 

SIGNATURES 
 24 

i 

Unless otherwise stated in this Report (as defined below), or
the context otherwise requires, references to: 

2024
SPAC Rules are to the new rules and regulations for SPACs (as defined below) adopted by the SEC, which became effective on July
1, 2024; 

Amended
and Restated Memorandum are to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended and currently in effect; 

ASC 
are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ASU 
are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

Board
of Directors or Board are to our board of directors; 

Business
Combination are to a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses; 

Cantor 
are to Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering (as defined below); 

Class
A Ordinary Shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class
B Ordinary Shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Combination
Period are to the 24-month period, from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as defined below) to July 11, 2026 (or such
earlier date as determined by the Board), that we have to consummate an initial Business Combination; provided that the Combination Period
may be extended pursuant to an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and consistent with applicable laws, regulations and
stock exchange rules; 

Company, 
 our, we or us are to SIM Acquisition Corp. I, a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

Continental 
are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our Trust Account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our Public
Warrants (as defined below); 

Exchange
Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

FASB are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

Founder Shares are to the Class B Ordinary Shares initially purchased by our Sponsor prior to the Initial Public Offering and the Class A Ordinary Shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B Ordinary Shares at the time of our Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof, as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A Ordinary Shares will not be Public Shares (as defined below)); 

GAAP 
are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

Initial Public Offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that we consummated on July 11, 2024; 

Initial
Shareholders are to holders of our Founder Shares prior to our Initial Public Offering; 

Investment
Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

IPO
Promissory Note are to that certain unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of up to 300,000 issued to our Sponsor
on March 8, 2024; 

IPO
Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC on June 17, 2024, as amended,
and declared effective on July 9, 2024 (File No. 333-280274); 

JOBS
Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

ii 

Management 
or our Management Team are to our executive officers and directors; 

Nasdaq 
are to the Nasdaq Global Market; 

Ordinary
Shares are to the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Class B Ordinary Shares, together; 

Private
Placement are to the private placement of Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) that occurred simultaneously with the
closing of our Initial Public Offering; 

Private
Placement Warrants are to the warrants issued to our Sponsor and Cantor in the Private Placement; 

Private
Placement Warrants Purchase Agreements are to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreements, dated July 9, 2024, which we
entered into with the Sponsor and Cantor, respectively; 

Public
Shares are to the Class A Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units (as defined below) in our Initial Public Offering (whether
they were purchased in our Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market); 

Public
Shareholders are to the holders of our Public Shares, including our Initial Shareholders and Management Team to the extent our
Initial Shareholders and/or the members of our Management Team purchase Public Shares, provided that each Initial Shareholder s
and member of our Management Team s status as a Public Shareholder will only exist with respect to such Public Shares; 

Public
Warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the Units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they were subscribed
for in our Initial Public Offering or purchased in the open market); 

Report 
are to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024; 

SEC 
are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities
Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs 
are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

Sponsor 
are to SIM Sponsor 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Trust
Account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 230,000,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units
in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement was placed following the closing of the Initial
Public Offering; 

Units 
are to the units sold in our Initial Public Offering, which consist of one Public Share and one-half of one Public Warrant; 

Warrants 
are to the Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants, together; and 

Working
Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business
Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan
us. 

iii 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

SIM ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

(UNAUDITED) 

9/30/2024 

ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid
 Expense 

Total
 Current Assets 

Long-Term
 Prepaid Expense 

Cash
 and Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Long
 term liabilities 

Deferred
 Underwriting Payable 

Total
 Long Term Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share 

Shareholders 
 Deficit 

Preference shares, par value, shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 
 -

Class A ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized; none issued or outstanding (Excluding 23,000,000 Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption) 
 -

Class B ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Accumulated
 Deficit 

Total
 Shareholders Deficit 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed financial statements. 

1 

SIM
ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

AND 

PERIOD FROM JANUARY 29, 2024 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Three Months 
Ended September 30, 
2024 
 January 29, 
2024 
(inception) to September
 30, 
2024 
 
 Formation and operation costs 

Loss from Operations 

Other income 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Other income (loss), net 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share Class A, ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed financial statements. 

2 

SIM
ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

FOR
THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

AND 

PERIOD
FROM JANUARY 29, 2024 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Class A 
Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance - January 29, 2024 (inception) 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of Class B Ordinary Shares to Sponsor (1) 

-

Net Loss 

Balance - June 30, 2024 
 -
 
 -

Sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Fair Value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Allocated value of transaction costs to Class A Shares subject to redemption amount 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption amount 

Net Income 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - September 30, 2024 
 -
 
 -

- 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed financial statements. 

3 

SIM
ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 29, 2024 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Formation Costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Increase (decrease) in cash attributable to Prepaid Expense 

Increase (decrease) in cash attributable to Accounts Payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Promissory Note - Related Party 

Proceeds from sale of units at gross , net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement at gross amount 

Repayment of Promissory Note - Related Party 

Payment of Offering Costs 

Net cash provided by operating financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of the period 
 -

Cash at end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash for Investing and Financing Activities: 

Formation costs and offering costs paid by Sponsor for the issuance of Founder Shares 

Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Offering costs paid through Notes payable-related party 

Deferred Underwriter Commissions 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed financial statements. 

4 

SIM ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a
merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
(the Business Combination ). 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not
commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 29, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024 relates to the Company s
formation and the Initial Public Offering (as defined below). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of its Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and
cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year
end. 

Sponsor and Initial Public Offering 

The Company s sponsor is SIM Sponsor 1 LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). 

The registration statement for the Company s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on July 9, 2024. On July 11, 2024, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering
of units (each, a Unit and collectively, the Units at per Unit, which included the
full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option in the amount of Units at per unit which is discussed
in Note 3 (the Initial Public Offering ), and the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ),
to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering, at a price of 
per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the Initial Public Offering. Of those Private
Placement Warrants, our Sponsor purchased Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. purchased Private
Placement Warrants. Each whole Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at per
share. 

Transaction costs amounted to consisting
of of cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee, and of other offering costs. 

The Trust Account 

Upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
management placed an aggregate of of the proceeds from the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering and the proceeds of
the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants, in a United States-based trust account (the Trust Account and
invested the proceeds in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. The proceeds
will be held in this manner until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Company s Business Combination (ii) the redemption
of any ordinary shares included in the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering that have been properly tendered in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum to modify the substance or timing of its obligation
to redeem of such ordinary shares if it does not complete the Business Combination within months from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering (the Completion Window and (iii) the Company s failure to consummate a Business Combination within
the prescribed time. Placing funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although
the Company will seek to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm),
prospective target businesses or other entities it engages, execute agreements with the Company waiving any claim of any kind in or to
any monies held in the Trust Account, there is no guarantee that such persons will execute such agreements. There can be no assurance
that it will be able to satisfy those obligations should they arise. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) will be
used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses.
Additionally, certain interest earned on the Trust Account balance may be released to the Company to pay the Company s tax obligations
and trust administration expenses. 

5 

of the assets
held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at
the time of the agreement to enter into the Business Combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to
successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company, after signing a definitive agreement
for the acquisition of a target business, is required to provide shareholders who acquired ordinary shares sold as part of the units in
this offering Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering Public Shareholders with the opportunity to
redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account. The holders of the Founder Shares will agree to vote any shares
they then hold in favor of any proposed Business Combination and will waive any conversion rights with respect to these shares and the
shares included in the Private Units pursuant to letter agreements executed in connection with the Initial Public Offering. 

In connection with any proposed Business Combination,
the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which Public Shareholders
may seek to redeem their Public Shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination. Alternatively,
the Company may conduct a tender offer and allow redemptions in connection therewith. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business
Combination, any Public Shareholder voting either for or against such proposed Business Combination or not voting at all will be entitled
to demand that his Public Shares be redeemed for a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially per
share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company or necessary
to pay its taxes and trust administration expenses). Holders of warrants sold as part of the Units will not be entitled to vote on the
proposed Business Combination and will have no redemption or liquidation rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants. 

Pursuant to the Company s Memorandum and
Articles of Association in effect upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering, if the Company is unable to complete its Business
Combination within months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering and such date is not otherwise extended by shareholders,
the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
 business thereafter, redeem of the outstanding public shares at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned thereon (less taxes payable and up to of interest income
to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining
holders of ordinary shares and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve. The warrants will expire on liquidation
of the Trust Account and the holders of warrants will receive no proceeds in connection with the liquidation. The holders of the Founder
Shares will not participate in any redemption distribution with respect to their Founder Shares. 

6 

. The proceeds
deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to claims of the Company s creditors that are in preference to the
claims of the Company s shareholders. In addition, if the Company is forced to file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against it that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to
applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in its bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of the Company s ordinary shareholders. Therefore, the actual per-share redemption price may
be less than approximately . 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The United States and global markets are experiencing
volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation
of the conflict in the Middle East. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries
have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal
of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain
countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and
to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation of the conflict
in the Middle East and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the
United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could
have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable,
they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply
chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the
global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the above-mentioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of the conflict in the Middle East and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect
the Company s search for a Business Combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate a Business
Combination. 

Liquidity and Capital Sources 

 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a cash balance
of and a working capital surplus of . Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant
costs in pursuit of a Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance
with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, as of September 30, 2024, management has determined that the Company has access to funds from certain of the
holders of Founder Shares, and such individuals have the financial ability to provide such funds, that are sufficient to fund the working
capital needs of the Company in excess of one year. Further, due to the closing of the Initial Public Offering on July 11, 2024, the Company
has sufficient funds for the working capital needs of the Company until a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of these financial
statements. The Company cannot assure that its plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful. 

7 

in cash and did not have any cash equivalents
as of September 30, 2024. 

8 

, were held in a money market fund at Morgan Stanley meeting the conditions under Rule 2a-7 under
the Investment Company Act. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the
Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

9 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and Diluted income per share 

10 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption 

Units, including the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount
of Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of of the Company s ordinary shares, par
value, and one-half of redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ). Each whole warrant offered in the Initial Public Offering
is exercisable to purchase ordinary share. Only whole warrants may be exercised. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise
of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company
will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

11 

warrants at a price of
 per warrant, or in the aggregate, in a private placement. Of those Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor
purchased Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. purchased Private Placement Warrants. Each whole
warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in the initial Public Offering except that, so long as they are held
by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants (i) may not (including the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination, (ii) are entitled to registration rights
and (iii) with respect to the Private Placement Warrants held by Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and/or its designees, are not exercisable
more than from the commencement of sales in the Initial Public Offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). The Sponsor,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) waive
their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment
to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow
redemption in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company has not consummated a Business
Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or
pre-Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their
founder shares if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the Business
Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder
shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated
transactions) in favor of the Business Combination (except that any public shares such parties may purchase in compliance with the requirements
of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act would not be voted in favor of approving the business combination transaction). 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares,
par value per share (the Founder Shares ). In May 2024, the Company effected a share dividend of shares
for each Class B ordinary share outstanding, resulting in our initial shareholders holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. All
share and per share data have been restated to reflect this change. 

In April 2024, the Sponsor
transferred Founder Shares to each of the Company s three independent directors for an aggregate of Founder Shares,
at a price of per share. In May 2024, the Company effected a share dividend of shares for each Class B ordinary share
outstanding, resulting in our directors holding an aggregate of Founder Shares, or each. 

The sale of the Founders
Shares to each of the Company s three independent directors is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon
the grant date. The fair value of the shares transferred to the Company s three independent directors was or 
per share. The Founders Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation
expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable
accounting literature in this circumstance. As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered
probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the
date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number
of Founders Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the
purchase of the Founders Shares. 

12 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant million in the aggregate)
in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Each warrant is exercisable to purchase
 Class A ordinary share at per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds
from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

The Sponsor and the Company s
officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants
until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On March 8, 2024, the Sponsor
agreed to loan the Company up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the
 Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2024 or the completion of the Initial
Public Offering. As of July 11, 2024, the Note was repaid in full at the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the note is no longer
accessible. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors, may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ).
If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital
Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million
of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants at a price of per warrant. As of September 30,
2024, the Company had no borrowings under any Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

On July 9, 2024, the Company
entered into an agreement with an affiliate of the Sponsor to pay an aggregate of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial
and administrative support services provided to members of the Company s management team. Upon completion of the Business Combination
or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has paid 
to the affiliate of the Sponsor. 

preference shares with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined
from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value
of per share. At September 30, 2024, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, excluding Class A
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value
of per share. Holders are entitled to vote for each Class B ordinary share. At September 30, 2024, there were 
Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding (see Note 5). 

13 

of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion
(after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), including the total number of Class A
ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed
issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon
conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

The
sale of the Founders Shares to each of the Company s three independent directors is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured
at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the shares granted to the Company s three independent directors was
 or per share. The Founders Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination).
Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable under
the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined that a Business Combination
is not considered probable, and, therefore, no share-based compensation expense has been recognized. Share-based compensation would be
recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount
equal to the number of Founders Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially
received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. 

Warrants Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units
and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable days after the completion of a Business Combination.
The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, after the closing of the Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts
to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such
registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the
provisions of the public warrant agreement. 

The Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of per warrant; 

upon
a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if,
and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share
(as adjusted) for any trading days within a -trading day period commencing once the Warrants become exercisable and ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The Company will not redeem
the Public Warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those ordinary shares is available throughout
the 30-day redemption period. Any such exercise would not be on a cashless basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay
the exercise price for each Public Warrant being exercised. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in
the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private
Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination, subject
to certain limited exceptions. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete
a Business Combination and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such
funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust
Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

14 

additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price. On July 11, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase the additional Units at a
price of per Unit. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, an aggregate
of Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The underwriters received
an underwriting discount of per unit (excluding those units sold as part of the underwriters over-allotment option), or million
in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters agreed to defer underwriting commissions equal
to per Unit on Units other than those sold pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional Units and per
Unit on units sold pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional units, or in the aggregate. Upon completion
of our Business Combination, will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the Trust Account. The deferred fee will
become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business
Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

The Public Warrants were
valued using a Monte Carlo model. The Public Warrants have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require
remeasurement after issuance. 

Weighted-Average Expected Life of Warrants in Years Risk-free rate Pre-Business Combination Annual Volatility Post-Business Combination Annual Volatility Market Pricing Adjustment 

The Founder Shares issued to the directors and director nominees were
valued using a Market Approach. 

Market pricing adjustment 

Discount for expected forfeiture 

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized
at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. There were no transfers for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 

15 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under this Item regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of Management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used
in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our Management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
are based on the beliefs of our Management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our Management. Actual
results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our
filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are
qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements
and the notes thereto included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements . 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination. We have not selected
any Business Combination target. We may pursue an initial Business Combination in any business or industry, but are focusing on companies
in the healthcare industry. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and the Private Placement, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial Business Combination (pursuant
to any forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, other securities
issuances, or a combination of the foregoing. 

The issuance of additional
shares in connection with a Business Combination to the owners of the target or other investors: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B Ordinary Shares resulted in the issuance of Class A Ordinary Shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B Ordinary Shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A o Ordinary Shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A Ordinary Shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A Ordinary Shares and/or Warrants. 

Similarly, if we issue debt
securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

16 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

Pursuant to the Amended and
Restated Memorandum, if we are unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering (or such earlier time as determined by our Board) and such Combination Period is not otherwise extended by shareholders,
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding Public Shares at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned thereon (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest
income to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the remaining shareholders and the Board, liquidate and dissolve. The Warrants will expire on liquidation of the Trust Account and
the holders of Warrants will receive no proceeds in connection with the liquidation. The holders of the Founder Shares will not participate
in any redemption distribution with respect to their Founder Shares. 

The SEC has adopted new rules
and regulations relating to SPACs, which became effective on July 1, 2024. The 2024 SPAC Rules require, among other matters, (i) additional
disclosures relating to SPAC sponsors and related persons (ii) additional disclosures relating to SPAC Business Combination transactions;
(iii) additional disclosures relating to dilution and to conflicts of interest involving sponsors and their affiliates in both SPAC initial
public offerings and Business Combination transactions; (iv) additional disclosures regarding projections included in SEC filings in connection
with proposed Business Combination transactions and (v) the requirement that both the SPAC and its target company be co-registrants
for Business Combination registration statements. In addition, the SEC s adopting release provided guidance describing circumstances
in which a SPAC could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including its duration, asset composition, business
purpose, and the activities of the SPAC and its management team in furtherance of such goals. The 2024 SPAC Rules may materially affect
our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from January 29, 2024 (inception) to September 30, 2024 have been
organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for and consummate the Initial Public Offering. Following the Initial Public
Offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination. We will generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after the Initial Public Offering. After the Initial Public Offering, we expect
to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance),
as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we had net income of 2,357,270 which includes 2,627,463 of interest income earned on the Trust Account, offset
by 270,193 of general and administrative costs. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had net income of 2,315,965 which includes 2,627,463 of interest income earned on
the Trust Account, offset by 311,498 of general and administrative costs. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect
our Results of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, public health considerations, and geopolitical instability, such as the
military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. We cannot at this time predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their
duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial Business Combination. 

17 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of
the Initial Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor and loans from the Sponsor. 

On July 11, 2024 we consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in
the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. The net proceeds from the sale of the Units
in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement for an aggregate purchase price
of 6,000,000, after deducting offering expenses of approximately 477,616 and underwriting commissions of 4,000,000 (excluding deferred
underwriting commissions of 10,950,000), was 231,522,384. 230,000,000 has been held in the Trust Account, which includes the deferred
underwriting commissions described above. 

The proceeds held in the Trust
Account were initially invested in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The holding of these assets in this form is intended to be
temporary and for the sole purpose of facilitating the intended Business Combination. To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to
be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases the longer that we hold investments in the Trust
Account, we may, at any time, (based on our Management Team s ongoing assessment of all factors related to our potential status
under the Investment Company Act) instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the
funds in the Trust Account in cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank. 

We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (excluding deferred
underwriting commissions). We may withdraw interest to pay our taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount
of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the Trust
Account will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration
to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance
the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

Prior to the completion of
our initial Business Combination, we will have available to us the approximately 1,500,000 of proceeds held outside the Trust Account.
We will use these funds to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

We do not believe we will
need to raise additional funds following the Initial Public Offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business
prior to our initial Business Combination. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due
diligence and negotiating an initial Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient
funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of
our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial Business Combination,
we would repay such Working Capital Loans. In the event that our initial Business Combination does not close, we may use amounts held
outside the Trust Account to repay such Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of
 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The terms of such Working
Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such Working Capital Loans. Prior to the
completion of our initial Business Combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of
our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek
access to funds in our Trust Account. 

18 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, as of September 30, 2024, the Company has sufficient funds for its working capital needs
until a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying financial statements. The Company cannot assure that its plans
to consummate a Business Combination will be successful. 

We do not believe we will
need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the
costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual
amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover,
we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant
number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt
in connection with such Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024,
we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did
not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in the unaudited condensed financial
statements and the notes thereto included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements as we have not conducted any
operations to date. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an aggregate of
 10,000 per month to the Sponsor or an affiliate thereof for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative support. We began
incurring these fees on July 9, 2024 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business
Combination and our liquidation. 

The underwriters are entitled
to a deferred underwriting commission of 10,950,000 upon the completion of our initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of condensed
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Making estimates requires management to
exercise significant judgement. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of
circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change
in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any critical accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

19 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our Management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based
on this evaluation, our Certifying Officers have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports
filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Report that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

20 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our Management
Team, there is no material litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity
as such or against any of our property. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. For additional risks relating to our
operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our IPO Registration Statement and our Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results
of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial
Business Combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future
filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreements, we completed the private sale of an aggregate
of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and Cantor, with each Private Placement Warrant exercisable to purchase one Class A
Ordinary Share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, or 6,000,000 in the aggregate (irrespective of
the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option). Of those 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased 4,000,000 Private
Placement Warrants and Cantor purchased 2,000,000 Private Placement Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants (and underlying securities)
are identical to the Public Warrants, except as otherwise disclosed in the IPO Registration Statement. No underwriting discounts or commissions
were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Use of Proceeds 

On July 11, 2024, we consummated
our Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, including 3,000,000 Units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Public Share, and one-half of one Public Warrant, with each whole Public Warrant entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share. 

The Units were sold at a price
of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 230,000,000. Cantor acted as the sole book runner and representative of
the underwriters. On July 11, 2024, simultaneously with the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, we completed the private sale
of an aggregate of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrants, to our Sponsor and
Cantor, generating gross proceeds of 6,000,000. Of those 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased 4,000,000 Private
Placement Warrants and Cantor purchased 2,000,000 Private Placement Warrants. 

21 

Following the closing of our
Initial Public Offering, a total of 230,000,000 comprised of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering (which amount includes
 10,950,000 of the underwriters deferred discount) and the Private Placement, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained
by Continental, acting as trustee. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government securities
with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. The specific investments in our Trust Account may change from time to time. 

Other than as described above,
there has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement as is
described in our final prospectus related to our Initial Public Offering. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds
from our Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as described in the IPO Registration Statement. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

On March 6, 2024, the
Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain costs in consideration for 5,750,000 Class B Ordinary Shares.
Up to 750,000 Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by
the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering. In May 2024, we effected a share dividend of 0.33 shares for each Class B Ordinary
Share outstanding, resulting in the Initial Shareholders holding an aggregate of 7,666,667 Founder Shares (up to 1,000,000 shares
of which were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised).
On July 11, 2024, as a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, no Founder Shares were
forfeited and all remaining Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

Trading Arrangements 

During the quarterly period
ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act)
 or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each
term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

Additional Information 

None. 

22 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are
filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Report. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated July 9, 2024, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as representative of the several underwriters. (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 9, 2024, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 9, 2024, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 9, 2024, by and among the Company and certain security holders. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 9, 2024, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 9, 2024, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 9, 2024, by and among the Company, its officers and directors, and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 9, 2024, by and between the Company and SIM Management LP. (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 12, 2024. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 
 SIM ACQUISITION CORP. I 

By: 
 /s/ David Kutcher 

Name: 
 David Kutcher 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022071501ex31-1_simacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Erich Spangenberg, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SIM Acquisition Corp. I; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
intentionally omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Erich Spangenberg 

Erich Spangenberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022071501ex31-2_simacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David Kutcher, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SIM Acquisition Corp. I; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
intentionally omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ David Kutcher 

David Kutcher 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022071501ex32-1_simacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of SIM Acquisition Corp. I (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Erich Spangenberg, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Erich Spangenberg 

Erich Spangenberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022071501ex32-2_simacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of SIM Acquisition Corp. I (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Kutcher, Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ David Kutcher 

David Kutcher 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 simau-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 simau-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 simau-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 simau-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 simau-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

