<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_712770_0001558370-24-014590.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12438053</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>107373</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1564157</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5039748</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2011127</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3390008</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014590.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106135314
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014590
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000712770
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				133147497
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09279
		FILM NUMBER:		241430183

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 CUTTER MILL RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 303
		CITY:			GREAT NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11021-3190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5164663100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 CUTTER MILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 303
		CITY:			GREAT NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11021-3190

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONE LIBERTY FIRESTONE PROPERTIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19851112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014590.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 olp-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
 
 Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Commission File Number ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) MARYLAND (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. employer incorporation or organization) identification number) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of November 1, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 One Liberty Properties, Inc. and Subsidiaries Table of Contents 

Page No. Part I Financial Information Item 1. Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 1 Consolidated Statements of Income Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 2 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 3 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 8 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 41 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 41 Part II Other Information 42 Item 5 . Other Information 42 Item 6. Exhibits 42 

Table of Contents 
 Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Amounts in Thousands, Except Par Value) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS (Unaudited) Real estate investments, at cost Land Buildings and improvements Total real estate investments, at cost Less accumulated depreciation Real estate investments, net Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures Cash and cash equivalents Unbilled rent receivable Unamortized intangible lease assets, net Escrow, deposits and other assets and receivables Total assets (1) LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Mortgages payable, net (see Note 8) Line of credit Dividends payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Unamortized intangible lease liabilities, net Total liabilities (1) Commitments and contingencies Equity: One Liberty Properties, Inc. stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding Paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Distributions in excess of net income ) ) Total One Liberty Properties, Inc. stockholders equity Non-controlling interests in consolidated joint ventures (1) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

 (1) and of land, and of building and improvements, net of and of accumulated depreciation, and of other assets included in other line items, and of real estate debt, net, and of other liabilities included in other line items and and of non-controlling interests as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 

 1 

Table of Contents 
 ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share Data) (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental income, net Lease termination fee Total revenues Operating expenses: Depreciation and amortization Real estate expenses (see Note 9 for related party information) General and administrative (see Note 9 for related party information) Impairment loss State taxes Total operating expenses Other operating income Gain on sale of real estate, net Operating income Other income and expenses: Equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) ) Other income Interest: Expense ) ) ) ) Amortization and write-off of deferred financing costs ) ) ) ) Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to One Liberty Properties, Inc. Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Per common share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted Cash distributions per share of common stock See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Amounts in Thousands) (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income Net unrealized loss on derivative instruments ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Adjustment for derivative instruments attributable to non-controlling interests Comprehensive income attributable to One Liberty Properties, Inc. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share Data) (Unaudited) (Continued on Next Page) 

Accumulated Accumulated Non-Controlling Other Distributions Interests in Common Paid-in Comprehensive in Excess of Consolidated Stock Capital Income (loss) Net Income Joint Ventures Total Balances, December 31, 2023 ) Cash Distributions common stock per share) ) ) Shares issued through dividend reinvestment plan Restricted stock vesting ) Compensation expense restricted stock and RSUs Contribution from non-controlling interest Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances, March 31, 2024 ) Cash Distributions common stock per share) ) ) Shares issued through dividend reinvestment plan Compensation expense restricted stock and RSUs Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances, June 30, 2024 ) Cash Distributions common stock per share) ) ) Shares issued through dividend reinvestment plan Restricted stock unit vesting ) Compensation expense restricted stock and RSUs Distribution to non-controlling interest ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share Data) (Unaudited) (Continued) 

Accumulated Accumulated Non-Controlling Other Distributions Interests in Common Paid-in Comprehensive in Excess of Consolidated Stock Capital Income (loss) Net Income Joint Ventures Total Balances, December 31, 2022 ) Cash Distributions common stock per share) ) ) Shares issued through dividend reinvestment plan Restricted stock vesting ) Compensation expense restricted stock and RSUs Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances, March 31, 2023 ) Cash Distributions common stock per share) ) ) Repurchases of common stock net ) ) ) Shares issued through dividend reinvestment plan Restricted stock vesting ) Compensation expense restricted stock and RSUs Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balances, June 30, 2023 ) Cash Distributions common stock per share) ) ) Repurchases of common stock, net ) ) ) Shares issued through dividend reinvestment plan Restricted stock unit vesting ) Compensation expense restricted stock and RSUs Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Amounts in Thousands) (Unaudited) (Continued on Next Page) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Gain on sale of real estate, net ) ) Impairment loss Increase in net amortization of unbilled rental income ) ) Write-off of unbilled rent receivable Amortization and write-off of intangibles relating to leases, net ) ) Amortization of restricted stock and RSU compensation expense Equity in (earnings) loss of unconsolidated joint ventures ) Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures Depreciation and amortization Amortization and write-off of deferred financing costs Payment of leasing commissions ) ) (Increase) decrease in escrow, deposits, other assets and receivables ) (Decrease) increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of real estate ) ) Improvements to real estate ) ) Investments in ground leased property ) ) Net proceeds from sale of real estate Distributions of capital from unconsolidated joint venture Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from mortgage financings Repayments of mortgages payable ) ) Scheduled amortization payments of mortgages payable ) ) Proceeds from bank line of credit Repayments on bank line of credit ) Issuance of shares through dividend reinvestment plan Repurchases of common stock, net ) Payment of financing costs ) ) Capital contribution from non-controlling interest Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Cash distributions to common stockholders ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for interest expense Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activity: Purchase accounting allocation - intangible lease assets Purchase accounting allocation - intangible lease liabilities ) ) Purchase accounting allocation - mortgage intangible asset Assumption of mortgage payable upon acquisition of property Lease liabilities adjustment from the reassessment of right of use assets 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Amounts in Thousands) (Unaudited) (Continued) The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows: 

September 30, 2024 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in escrow, deposits and other assets and receivables Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows Restricted cash included in escrow, deposits and other assets and receivables represents amounts related to real estate tax and other reserve escrows required to be held by lenders in accordance with the Company s mortgage agreements. The restriction on these escrow reserves will lapse when the related mortgage is repaid or when the related reserve conditions are satisfied. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 properties, including properties owned by consolidated joint ventures and properties owned by unconsolidated joint ventures. The properties are located in states. 

 8 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 NOTE 2 SUMMARY ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) of these joint ventures are VIEs. In addition, the Company shares power with its co-managing members over these entities, and therefore the entities are not consolidated. These investments are recorded initially at cost, as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, and subsequently adjusted for their share of equity in earnings, cash contributions and distributions. The Company reviews on a quarterly basis its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures for other-than-temporary losses in investment value. Any decline that is not expected to be recovered based on the underlying assets of the investment is considered other than temporary and an impairment charge is recorded as a reduction in the carrying value of the investment. During the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no such other-than-temporary impairment charges related to the Company s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. The Company has elected to follow the cumulative earnings approach when assessing, for the consolidated statement of cash flows, whether the distribution from the investee is a return of the investor s investment as compared to a return on its investment. The source of the cash generated by the investee to fund the distribution is not a factor in the analysis (that is, it does not matter whether the cash was generated through investee refinancing, sale of assets or operating results). Consequently, the investor only considers the relationship between the cash received from the investee to its equity in the undistributed earnings of the investee, on a cumulative basis, in assessing whether the distribution from the investee is a return on or a return of its investment. Cash received from the unconsolidated entity is presumed to be a return on the investment to the extent that, on a cumulative basis, distributions received by the investor are less than its share of the equity in the undistributed earnings of the entity. 

 9 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 Variable lease revenues Lease revenues (a) 

 (a) Excludes amortization related to lease intangible assets and liabilities of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 In many of the Company s leases, the tenant is obligated to pay the real estate taxes, insurance, and certain other expenses directly to the vendor. These obligations, which have been assumed by the tenants, are not reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements. To the extent any such tenant defaults on its lease or if it is deemed probable that the tenant will fail to pay for such obligations, a liability for such obligations would be recorded. On a quarterly basis, the Company assesses the collectability of substantially all lease payments due by reviewing the tenant s payment history or financial condition. Changes to collectability are recognized as a current period adjustment to rental revenue. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has assessed the collectability of all recorded lease revenues as probable. Minimum Future Rents For the year ending December 31, 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 

 10 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 , renewal and renewal option. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining lease term is years. The Company recognized lease expense related to this ground lease of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, which is included in Real estate expenses on the consolidated statements of income. Office Lease The Company is a lessee under a corporate office lease in Great Neck, New York, which is classified as an operating lease. The lease expires on December 31, 2031 and provides for a five-year renewal . As of September 30, 2024, the remaining lease term, including the renewal option deemed exercised, is years. The Company recognized lease expense related to this office lease of and for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included in General and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income. Minimum Future Lease Payments For the year ending December 31, 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Present value discount ) Lease liability The lease liability is included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Lease termination fee In March 2024, a consolidated joint venture in Lakewood, Colorado, in which the Company holds a interest, recognized a lease termination fee of from a tenant due to the early termination of its lease in connection with the sale of the related restaurant parcel (see Note 5). 

 11 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 All cash (a) Russell Equipment, Inc. Savannah, Georgia May 23, 2024 All cash (b) Multi-tenant Council Bluffs, Iowa August 19, 2024 Cash and mortgage (c) Totals - Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Multi-tenant Blythewood, South Carolina July 13, 2023 Cash and mortgage (d) Totals - Year ended December 31, 2023 

Discount Market Rate (e) Building Intangible Lease Mortgage Cap Lease Mortgage Description of Industrial Property Land Improvements Asset Liability Intangible Total Rate (e) Intangible Intangible Quality Custom Distribution Services, Inc. Albuquerque, New Mexico ) Russell Equipment, Inc. Savannah, Georgia Multi-tenant Council Bluffs, Iowa ) Totals - Nine months ended September 30, 2024 ) Multi-tenant Blythewood, South Carolina ) Totals - Year ended December 31, 2023 ) 

 (a) Subsequent to the acquisition of this property, the Company obtained new mortgage debt of bearing an interest rate of and maturing in 2032. (b) Subsequent to the acquisition of this property, the Company obtained new mortgage debt of bearing an interest rate of and maturing in 2035. (c) Simultaneously with the acquisition of this property, the Company obtained new mortgage debt of bearing an interest rate of and maturing in 2034. (d) Simultaneously with the acquisition of this property, the Company assumed a mortgage of bearing an interest rate of and maturing in 2029. (e) The fair value of the tangible assets and intangible leases of each property and the assumed mortgage on the Blythewood, South Carolina property was assessed as of the acquisition date using an income approach and estimated cash flow projections which utilize an appropriate market capitalization rate and discount rate categorized as Level 3 unobservable inputs in the fair value hierarchy (as defined in Note 12). 

 12 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 (a) Applebee's restaurant property Kennesaw, Georgia May 6, 2024 FedEx industrial property Miamisburg, Ohio May 9, 2024 Havertys retail property Wichita, Kansas June 6, 2024 Urban Outfitters retail property Lawrence, Kansas June 7, 2024 Walgreens retail property (b) Cape Girardeau, Missouri June 10, 2024 (b) Vacant retail property Kennesaw, Georgia June 28, 2024 Vacant health and fitness property Hamilton, Ohio August 15, 2024 (c) Vacant industrial property Wauconda, Illinois August 29, 2024 Hobby Lobby retail property Woodbury, Minnesota September 16, 2024 Totals - Nine months ended September 30, 2024 (d) (e) Gross Gain on Sale of Description of Property City, State Date Sold Sales Price Real Estate, Net TGI Fridays restaurant property Hauppauge, New York February 28, 2023 Havertys retail property Duluth, Georgia May 31, 2023 TGI Fridays restaurant property Greensboro, North Carolina September 20, 2023 Totals - Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (f) 

 (a) A consolidated joint venture, in which the Company holds a interest, sold a restaurant parcel which was part of a multi-tenant shopping center. In connection with the sale of this parcel, the joint venture paid down of the mortgage on this property. The non-controlling interest s share of the gain was . (b) This property was owned by a consolidated joint venture in which the Company held a interest. The non-controlling interest s share of the gain was . (c) See discussion below regarding a impairment loss recognized at this property in connection with the sale. (d) In connection with these sales, the Company paid off mortgages in an aggregate of . (e) As a result of these sales, the Company wrote-off, as a reduction to Gain on sale of real estate, net, an aggregate of of unbilled rent receivables, of other assets and receivables and of net unamortized intangible lease assets and liabilities. (f) As a result of these sales, the Company wrote-off, as a reduction to Gain on sale of real estate, net, an aggregate of of other assets and receivables and of unbilled rent receivables. Impairment Loss In June 2024, due to a contract to sell its Hamilton, Ohio property (which was formerly tenanted by LA Fitness whose lease expired in May 2024), the Company re-measured the property s net book value to its fair value (as discussed in Note 12). As a result, the Company recognized a impairment loss on the consolidated statement of income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This property was sold in August 2024. 

 13 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 consolidated joint ventures in which it holds a and interest are VIEs because the non-controlling interests do not hold substantive kick-out or participating rights. The Company has determined it is the primary beneficiary of these VIEs as it has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact each joint venture s performance including management, approval of expenditures, and the obligation to absorb the losses or rights to receive benefits. Accordingly, the Company consolidates the operations of these VIEs for financial statement purposes. The VIEs creditors do not have recourse to the assets of the Company other than those held by the applicable joint venture. Buildings and improvements, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively Cash Unbilled rent receivable Unamortized intangible lease assets, net Escrow, deposits and other assets and receivables Mortgages payable, net of unamortized deferred financing costs of and , respectively Accrued expenses and other liabilities Unamortized intangible lease liabilities, net Accumulated other comprehensive income Non-controlling interests in consolidated joint ventures 

 (a) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company and its joint venture partners sold a restaurant parcel at its multi-tenant shopping center in Lakewood, Colorado and a retail property in Cape Girardeau, Missouri. In connection with the sale of the restaurant parcel, the joint venture paid down the mortgage on its property by (see Note 5). As of September 30, 2024, MCB Real Estate, LLC and its affiliates MCB are the Company s joint venture partner in a consolidated joint venture in which the Company has an aggregate equity investment of approximately . Distributions to each joint venture partner are determined pursuant to the applicable operating agreement and, in the event of a sale of, or refinancing of the mortgage encumbering, the property owned by such venture, the distributions to the Company may be less than that implied by the Company s equity ownership interest in the venture. Variable Interest Entity Ground Lease The Company determined it has a variable interest through its ground lease at its Beachwood, Ohio property (the Vue Apartments) and the owner/operator is a VIE because its equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. The Company further determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of this VIE because the Company does not have power over the activities that most significantly impact the owner/operator s economic performance and therefore, does not consolidate this VIE for financial statement purposes. Accordingly, the Company accounts for this investment as land and the revenues from the ground lease as Rental income, net. The ground lease provides for rent which can be deferred and paid based on the operating performance of the property; therefore, this rent is recognized as rental income when the operating performance is achieved and the rent is received. ground lease rental income has been collected since October 2020 other than a litigation settlement in 2022. 

 14 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 which represented the carrying amount of the land. In purchasing the property in 2016, the owner/operator obtained a mortgage from a third party which, together with the Company s purchase of the land, provided substantially all of the funds to acquire the multi-family property. The Company provided its land as collateral for the owner/operator s mortgage loan; accordingly, the land position is subordinated to the mortgage. The mortgage balance was as of September 30, 2024. Pursuant to the ground lease, as amended in November 2020, the Company agreed, in its discretion, to fund of (i) any operating expense shortfalls at the property and (ii) any capital expenditures required at the property. The Company funded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and during the year ended December 31, 2023. These amounts are included as part of the carrying amount of the land. unconsolidated joint ventures, each of which owns and operates property; the Company s equity investment in these ventures totaled and , respectively. The Company recorded equity in loss and earnings of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and equity in loss of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Included in equity in loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is the Company s share of an impairment charge, or , related to its former Manahawkin, New Jersey joint venture property which was sold in December 2023. Unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Unamortized mortgage intangible assets (a) ) ) Mortgages payable, net 

 (a) In connection with the assumption of two below-market mortgages. Principal due at maturity Total 

 15 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 NOTE 8 DEBT OBLIGATIONS (CONTINUED) Line of Credit The Company s credit facility with Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company and VNB New York, LLC, provides that it may borrow up to , subject to borrowing base requirements. The facility is available for the acquisition of commercial real estate, repayment of mortgage debt, and renovation and operating expense purposes; provided, that if used for renovation and operating expense purposes, the amount outstanding for such purposes will not exceed the lesser of and of the borrowing base. Net proceeds received from the sale, financing or refinancing of properties are generally required to be used to repay amounts outstanding under the credit facility. The facility is guaranteed by subsidiaries of the Company that own unencumbered properties and the Company is required to pledge to the lenders the equity interests in such subsidiaries. The facility, which matures December 31, 2026, provides for an interest rate equal to ranging from basis points to basis points depending on the ratio of the Company s total debt to total value, as determined pursuant to the facility. The applicable margin was basis points at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. An unused facility fee of per annum applies to the facility. The Company had balance outstanding on the facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The weighted average interest rate on the facility was approximately for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company was in compliance with all covenants at each of September 30, 2024 and 2023. At each of September 30, 2024 and November 1, 2024, was available to be borrowed under the facility, including an aggregate of up to available for renovation and operating expense purposes. The interest rate on the facility was on November 1, 2024. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had unamortized deferred financing costs of and , respectively, which are included in Escrow, deposits and other assets and receivables on the consolidated balance sheets. and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Included in these amounts are fees for property management services of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The amounts paid for property management services are based on and of the rental payments (including tenant reimbursements) actually received by the Company from net lease tenants and operating lease tenants, respectively. The Company does not pay Majestic with respect to properties managed by third parties. The Company also paid Majestic, pursuant to the compensation and services agreement, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, for the Company s share of all direct office expenses, including rent, telephone, postage, computer services, internet usage and supplies. 

 16 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The amounts paid under the compensation and services agreement (except for the property management services which are included in Real estate expenses) and the costs of the stock incentive plans are included in General and administrative expense on the consolidated statements of income. Joint Venture Partners and Affiliates The Company paid an aggregate of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, to its consolidated joint venture partner or their affiliates (none of whom are officers, directors, or employees of the Company) for property management services, which are included in Real estate expenses on the consolidated statements of income. The Company s unconsolidated joint ventures paid management fees of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, to the other partner of the ventures, which increased Equity in loss and reduced Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures on the consolidated statements of income by and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and increased Equity in loss by and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Other During 2024 and 2023, the Company paid quarterly fees of (i) and , respectively, to the Company s chairman and (ii) and , respectively, to the Company s vice-chairman. These fees are included in General and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income. The Company obtains its property insurance in conjunction with Gould Investors L.P. Gould Investors ), a related party, and reimburses Gould Investors annually for the Company s insurance cost relating to its properties. Amounts reimbursed to Gould Investors were during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Included in Real estate expenses on the consolidated statements of income is insurance expense of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, of amounts reimbursed to Gould Investors in prior periods. The balance of amounts reimbursed to Gould Investors represents prepaid insurance and is included in Escrow, deposits and other assets and receivables on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 17 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 per share on the Company s common stock, totaling approximately , payable to stockholders of record at the close of business on September 24, 2024. The quarterly dividend was paid on October 2, 2024; was paid in cash and the balance of such dividend payment was satisfied through the issuance of approximately shares under the Company s dividend reinvestment plan. Dividend Reinvestment Plan The Company s Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the DRP ), among other things, provides stockholders with the opportunity to reinvest all or a portion of their cash dividends paid on the Company s common stock in additional shares of its common stock, at a discount, determined in the Company s sole discretion, of up to from the market price (as such price is calculated pursuant to the DRP). The discount is currently being offered at . Under the DRP, the Company issued approximately and shares of common stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and approximately and shares of common stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Stock Repurchase Program During 2022 and 2023, the Board of Directors authorized and/or amended repurchase programs pursuant to which the Company could repurchase shares of its common stock in open-market, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such shares were repurchased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased approximately shares and shares of common stock, for total consideration of and , net of commissions of and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company is authorized to repurchase approximately of shares of common stock. Stock Based Compensation The Company s 2022 and 2019 Incentive Plans (collectively, the Plans ), permit the Company to grant, among other things, stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, performance share awards and dividend equivalent rights and any one or more of the foregoing to its employees, officers, directors and consultants. A maximum of shares of the Company s common stock were authorized for issuance pursuant to each plan at such plan s inception. 2019 Incentive Plan (a) Totals 

 (a) additional awards may be granted under such plan. Restricted Stock For accounting purposes, the restricted stock is not included in the shares shown as outstanding on the balance sheet until they vest; however, dividends are paid on the unvested shares. The restricted stock grants are charged to General and administrative expense over the respective vesting periods based on the market value of the common stock on the grant date. Unless earlier forfeited because the participant s relationship with the Company terminated, unvested restricted stock awards vest from the grant date, and under certain circumstances may vest earlier. 

 18 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 RSUs vested (c) (d) RSUs forfeited (e) (f) (e) RSUs outstanding Vesting date (g)(h) 6/30/2027 6/30/2026 6/30/2025 6/30/2024 6/30/2023 

 (a) These shares were granted in July 2024. (b) The shares underlying the RSUs are excluded from the shares shown as outstanding on the balance sheet until they have vested and been issued. (c) Such shares were issued in August 2024. (d) Such shares were issued in August 2023. (e) Such shares were forfeited due to the retirement of an executive officer before the completion of the applicable three-year performance cycle. (f) Of the shares (i) shares were not earned because the applicable market condition had not been satisfied and (ii) shares were forfeited due to the retirement of an executive officer before the completion of the applicable performance cycle. (g) Generally, the recipient must maintain a relationship with the Company during the applicable performance cycle. (h) RSUs vest upon satisfaction of metrics related to average annual total stockholder return TSR Metric and average annual return on capital ROC Metric together with the TSR Metric, the Metrics and are issued to the extent the Compensation Committee determines that the Metrics with respect to the vesting of such shares have been satisfied. The specific metrics and other material terms and conditions of the RSUs are as follows: 

Performance Criteria (a) Year RSU Granted Metric Weight Minimum Maximum 2021 - 2024 (b)(c)(d) ROC Metric (e) Average annual of at least Average annual of at least TSR Metric (f) Average annual of at least Average annual of at least 

 (a) If the average annual ROC or TSR falls between the applicable minimum and maximum performance criteria, a pro-rata portion of such units, as applicable, vest. (b) Such RSUs are not entitled to voting rights. (c) The holders of such RSUs receive an amount equal to the dividends that would have been paid on the underlying shares had such shares been outstanding during the performance cycle. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company accrued an aggregate of and of dividend equivalents, respectively, for the unvested RSUs based on the number of shares that would have been issued, underlying such RSUs, using performance and market assumptions determined at such dates. (d) In August 2024, the Company paid the holders of the 2021 RSU grant an aggregate of approximately with respect to the dividend equivalent rights on the vested shares. (e) The ROC Metrics meet the definition of a performance condition. Fair value is based on the market value on the date of grant. For ROC Awards, the Company recognizes expense only when performance conditions are expected to be met; such performance assumptions are re-evaluated quarterly. (f) The TSR Metrics meet the definition of a market condition. A third-party appraiser prepares a Monte Carlo simulation pricing model to determine the fair value of such awards, which is recognized ratably over the three-year service period. For the 2024 TSR awards, the per unit or share fair value was estimated using the following assumptions: an expected life of , a dividend rate of , a risk-free interest rate of - and an expected volatility of - . 

19 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 NOTE 10 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) As of September 30, 2024, based on performance and market assumptions, the fair value of the RSUs granted in 2024, 2023 and 2022 is , and , respectively. Recognition of such deferred compensation will be charged to General and administrative expense over the respective performance cycles. Average per share grant price Deferred compensation to be recognized over vesting period Number of non-vested shares: Non-vested beginning of the period Grants Vested during the period ) ) Forfeitures ) ) Non-vested end of the period RSUs : Number of underlying shares Average per share grant price Deferred compensation to be recognized over vesting period Number of non-vested shares: Non-vested beginning of the period Grants Vested during the period ) ) Forfeitures ) ) Non-vested end of the period Restricted stock and RSU grants (based on grant price): Weighted average per share value of non-vested shares Value of stock vested during the period Weighted average per share value of shares forfeited during the period Total charge to operations: Outstanding restricted stock grants Outstanding RSUs Total charge to operations As of September 30, 2024, total compensation costs of and related to non-vested restricted stock awards and RSUs, respectively, have not yet been recognized. These compensation costs will be charged to General and administrative expense over the remaining respective vesting periods. The weighted average remaining vesting period is years for the restricted stock and years for the RSUs. The Company recognizes the effect of forfeitures on restricted stock awards and RSUs when they occur, and previously recognized compensation expense is reversed in the period the grant or unit is forfeited. 

 20 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 Deduct net income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Deduct earnings allocated to unvested restricted stock (a) ) ) ) ) Net income available for common stockholders: basic and diluted Denominator for basic earnings per share: Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: RSUs Denominator for diluted earnings per share: Weighted average number of shares Earnings per common share: basic Earnings per common share: diluted 

 (a) Represents an allocation of distributed earnings to unvested restricted stock that, as participating securities, are entitled to receive dividends. 

21 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 NOTE 11 EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE (CONTINUED) July 1, 2023 (c) July 1, 2022 (c) Totals 

Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023: Total Number Shares Included Based on (a) of Underlying Return on Stockholder Shares Date of Award Shares Capital Metric Return Metric Total Excluded (b) July 1, 2023 (c) July 1, 2022 (c) August 3, 2021 (d) Totals 

 (a) Reflects the number of shares underlying RSUs that would be issued assuming the measurement date used to determine whether the applicable conditions are satisfied is September 30 of the applicable period. (b) Excluded as the applicable conditions had not been met for these shares at the applicable measurement dates. (c) The RSUs awarded in 2024, 2023 and 2022 vest, subject to satisfaction of the applicable market and/or performance conditions, as of June 30, 2027, 2026 and 2025, respectively (see Note 10). (d) With respect to the RSUs awarded August 3, 2021, shares were deemed to have vested and the balance of shares were forfeited in June 2024. The vested shares were issued in August 2024 (see Note 10). 

 22 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 Carrying value of mortgages payable, gross Fair value less than the carrying value ) ) Blended market interest rate (a) Weighted average interest rate Weighted average remaining term to maturity (years) 

 (a) Estimated using unobservable inputs such as available market information and discounted cash flow analysis based on borrowing rates the Company believes it could obtain with similar terms and maturities. These fair value measurements fall within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop estimated fair value. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. Fair Value on a Recurring Basis As of September 30, 2024, the Company had in effect ten interest rate derivatives, all of which were interest rate swaps, related to ten outstanding mortgage loans with an aggregate notional amount maturing between 2024 and 2026 (weighted average remaining term to maturity of approximately ). These interest rate swaps, all of which were designated as cash flow hedges, converted SOFR based variable rate mortgages to fixed annual rate mortgages. The interest rates range from to and a weighted average interest rate of at September 30, 2024. The Company s objective in using interest rate swaps is to add stability to interest expense. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. Fair values are approximated using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of the derivatives. This fair value analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. Although the Company has determined the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the associated credit valuation adjustments use Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparty. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has assessed and determined the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions is not significant. As a result, the Company determined its derivative valuation is classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company does not currently own any financial instruments that are measured on a recurring basis and that are classified as Level 1 or 3. 

 23 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 December 31, 2023 The fair value of the Company s derivatives is reflected in Escrow, deposits and other assets and receivables on the consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were derivatives in a liability position. Amount of reclassification from Accumulated other comprehensive income into Interest expense During the twelve months ending September 30, 2025, the Company estimates an additional will be reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income as a decrease to Interest expense. The derivative agreements in effect at September 30, 2024 provide that if the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company which is a party to such agreement defaults or is capable of being declared in default on any of its indebtedness, then a default can be declared on such subsidiary s derivative obligation. In addition, the Company is a party to the derivative agreements and if there is a default by the subsidiary on the loan subject to the derivative agreement to which the Company is a party and if there are swap breakage losses on account of the derivative being terminated early, the Company could be held liable for such swap breakage losses. Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis Non-financial assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in the consolidated financial statements consist of a former property located in Hamilton, Ohio for which the Company had recorded an impairment loss of during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (as discussed in Note 5). The Company determined fair value based on an executed contract of sale for the property which was determined to be a Level 3 input in the fair value hierarchy. 

 24 

Table of Contents ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (CONTINUED) 
 reportable segment. The Company s Chief Operating Decision Makers CODMs are its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer. As the Company operates in reportable segment, the CODMs are provided financial reports which include (i) a consolidated income statement (detailing total revenues, total operating expenses, operating income and net income) and (ii) Funds from Operations FFO and Adjusted Funds from Operations AFFO ). These financial reports assist the CODMs in assessing the Company s financial performance and in allocating resources appropriately. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by us, contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provision for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include this statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, could, believe, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, project, or similar expressions or variations thereof and include, without limitations, statements regarding our future estimated rental income, funds from operations, adjusted funds from operations and our dividend. You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, performance or achievements. The uncertainties, risks and factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: the financial failure of, or other default in payment by, tenants under their leases and the potential resulting vacancies; adverse changes and disruption in the retail, restaurant, theater and health and fitness sectors, which could impact our tenants ability to pay rent and expense reimbursement; loss or bankruptcy of one or more of our tenants, and bankruptcy laws that may limit our remedies if a tenant becomes bankrupt and rejects its lease; the level and volatility of interest rates; general economic and business conditions and developments, including those currently affecting or that may affect our economy; general and local real estate conditions, including any changes in the value of our real estate; our ability to renew or re-lease space as leases expire; our ability to pay dividends; changes in governmental laws and regulations relating to real estate and related investments; compliance with credit facility and mortgage debt covenants; the availability of, and costs associated with, sources of capital and liquidity; competition in our industry; technological changes, such as autonomous vehicles, reconfiguration of supply chains, robotics, 3D printing or other technologies; 
 potential natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics or outbreak of infectious disease, such as COVID-19, and other potentially catastrophic events such as acts of war and/or terrorism; and the other risks, uncertainties and factors described in the reports and documents we file with the SEC including the risks, uncertainties and factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report under the caption Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of certain factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current. 
 Actual results may also differ from expectations because, among other things, estimates of rental income exclude any related variable rent, anticipated property purchases, sales and/or financings may not be completed on the terms or during the period indicated or at all, and estimates of gains from property sales and financings are subject to adjustment because actual closing costs may differ from the estimated costs. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 In light of the factors referred to above, the future events discussed or incorporated by reference in this report and other documents we file with the SEC may not occur, and actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not rely on any forward-looking statements. Except as may be required under the United States federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make in our reports that are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Challenges and Uncertainties Facing Certain Tenants and Properties As more fully described in our Annual Report, and in particular, the sections thereof entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , we face challenges due to the volatile economic environment, and certain of our properties and tenants face various challenges. Our cash flow and profitability will be adversely impacted if the issues with respect to the challenged tenants/properties identified in the Annual Report are not resolved in a satisfactory manner. There have been no material changes to the status of such tenants/ properties other than with respect to the sale of our Hamilton, Ohio property (see Property Transactions Sales during the three months ended September 30, 2024 ). Overview We are a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT. To qualify as a REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we distribute currently at least 90 of ordinary taxable income to our stockholders. We intend to comply with these requirements and to maintain our REIT status. We acquire, own and manage a geographically diversified portfolio consisting primarily of industrial and, to a lesser extent, retail properties, many of which are subject to long-term net leases. As of September 30, 2024, we own 104 properties (including two properties owned by consolidated joint ventures and two properties owned by unconsolidated joint ventures) located in 31 states. Based on square footage, our occupancy rate at September 30, 2024 is approximately 99.1 . We face a variety of risks and challenges in our business, including the possibility we will not be able to: acquire or dispose of properties on acceptable terms, lease our properties on terms favorable to us or at all, collect amounts owed to us by our tenants, renew or re-let, on acceptable terms, leases that are expiring or otherwise terminating . We seek to manage the risk of our real property portfolio and the related financing arrangements by (i) diversifying among locations, tenants, scheduled lease expirations, mortgage maturities and lenders, and (ii) minimizing our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Substantially all of our mortgage debt either bears interest at fixed rates or is subject to interest rate swaps, limiting our exposure to fluctuating interest rates on our outstanding mortgage debt. We monitor the risk of tenant non-payments through a variety of approaches tailored to the applicable situation. Generally, based on our assessment of the credit risk posed by our tenants, we monitor a tenant s financial condition through one or more of the following actions: reviewing tenant financial statements or other financial information, obtaining other tenant related information, changes in tenant payment patterns, regular contact with tenant s representatives, tenant credit checks and regular management reviews of our tenants. We have in the past, and we may in the future, sell a property if the tenant s financial condition is unsatisfactory. In acquiring and disposing of properties, among other things, we evaluate the terms of the leases, the credit of the existing tenants, the terms and conditions of the related financing arrangement (including any contemplated financing) and engage in a fundamental analysis of the real estate to be bought or sold. This fundamental analysis takes into account, among other things, the estimated value of the property, local competition and demographics, and the ability to re-rent or dispose of the property on favorable terms upon lease expiration or early termination. In addition, in evaluating property sales, we take into account, among other things, the property type i.e., industrial, retail or other), our perception of the property s long-term prospects (including the likelihood for, and the extent of, any further appreciation or diminution in value), the term remaining 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 on the related lease and mortgage debt, the price and other terms and conditions for the sale of such property and the returns anticipated to be generated from the reinvestment of the net proceeds to us from such property sale. Our 2024 contractual base rent is approximately 73.1 million and represents, after giving effect to any abatements, concessions, deferrals or adjustments, the base rent payable to us during the twelve months ending September 30, 2025 under leases in effect at September 30, 2024. Excluded from contractual rental income is an aggregate of 1.4 million comprised of (i) 1.3 million, subject to the property generating specified levels of positive operating cash flow, of estimated variable lease payments from The Vue, a multi-family complex which ground leases the underlying land from us and as to which there is uncertainty as to when and whether the tenant will resume paying rent, and (ii) 148,000 representing our share of the base rent payable to our joint ventures. The following table sets forth scheduled expirations of leases at our properties as of September 30, 2024 for the years indicated below: 

Percentage of Approximate Contractual Number of Square Footage Contractual Rental Income Lease Expiration (a) Expiring Subject to Rental Income Under Represented by 12 Months Ending September 30, Leases Expiring Leases (b) Expiring Leases Expiring Leases 2025 9 340,049 1,647,000 2.3 2026 14 792,295 5,051,000 6.9 2027 31 2,149,752 13,784,000 18.9 2028 23 1,352,279 8,981,000 12.3 2029 18 1,648,931 10,487,000 14.3 2030 16 1,026,735 7,558,000 10.3 2031 14 1,212,894 7,523,000 10.3 2032 5 457,228 2,595,000 3.6 2033 13 925,972 8,940,000 12.2 2034 7 220,107 2,369,000 3.2 2035 and thereafter 10 711,460 4,151,000 5.7 160 10,837,702 73,086,000 100.0 

 (a) Lease expirations assume tenants do not exercise existing renewal or termination options. (b) Excludes an aggregate of 84,197 square feet of vacant space. Property Transactions Acquisition during the three months ended September 30, 2024 On August 19, 2024, we acquired an industrial property in Council Bluffs, Iowa for 33.0 million, incurred 79,000 of transaction costs that were capitalized and simultaneously obtained new mortgage debt of 18.4 million bearing an interest rate of 6.08 (interest only until 2029) and maturing in 2034 (see Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements). This property contributed 322,000 of rental income, net, 188,000 of operating expenses (including depreciation and amortization expense of 161,000) and 134,000 of mortgage interest expense. We estimate that commencing October 1, 2024, the quarterly rental income (excluding variable lease revenues), depreciation and amortization expense and mortgage interest expense from this property will be 623,000, 332,000 and 280,000, respectively. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Sales during the three months ended September 30, 2024 We sold the following properties (amounts in thousands): 

Gain on Gross Sales Sale of Real Description of Property City, State Date Sold Price Estate, net Vacant health and fitness property Hamilton, Ohio August 15, 2024 4,350 17 (a) Vacant industrial property Wauconda, Illinois August 29, 2024 4,425 1,177 Hobby Lobby retail property Woodbury, Minnesota September 16, 2024 4,750 921 13,525 (b) 2,115 

 (a) Excludes a 1.1 million impairment loss at our Hamilton, Ohio property recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. (b) In connection with these sales, the Company paid off mortgages in an aggregate of 6,303. These properties contributed the following during the periods indicated (amounts in thousands): 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, Description 2024 2023 2024 2023 Rental income, net 21 467 451 1,364 Real estate operating expenses (a) (180) (247) (582) (727) Mortgage interest expense (65) (74) (287) (225) Totals (224) 146 (418) 412 

 (a) Includes depreciation and amortization expense of 44 and 240 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 142 and 425 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Transactions subsequent to September 30, 2024 In October and November 2024, we signed contracts to sell the following properties (amounts in thousands): 

Gross Net Estimated Sales Sales Gain on Sale of Description of Property City, State Contract Date Price Proceeds Real Estate, net LA Fitness health and fitness property Secaucus, New Jersey October 15, 2024 21,428 13,000 (a) 6,400 (b) Advance Auto retail property Hilliard, Ohio October 24, 2024 1,615 700 (a) 300 (b) Multi-tenant retail property St. Louis Park, Minnesota November 4, 2024 14,200 14,000 300 (c) 37,243 27,700 7,000 

 (a) In connection with these sales, the Company anticipates paying off mortgages in an aggregate of 7,500. (b) These properties are anticipated to be sold during the three months ending December 31, 2024. (c) This property is anticipated to be sold during the three months ending March 31, 2025. These properties contributed the following during the periods indicated (amounts in thousands): 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, Description 2024 2023 2024 2023 Rental income, net 929 954 2,853 2,924 Real estate operating expenses (a) (376) (376) (1,126) (1,195) Mortgage interest expense (90) (95) (273) (287) Totals 463 483 1,454 1,442 

 (a) Includes depreciation and amortization expense of 182 for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 545 for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In November 2024, we exercised our right to terminate the contract to acquire, for 28.3 million, a 236,324 square foot property in Council Bluffs, Iowa, and our 500,000 deposit was returned. Although we continue to evaluate such acquisition, we can provide no assurance that such transaction will be completed. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Total revenues The following table compares total revenues for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase September 30, Increase (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change Rental income, net 22,211 22,546 (335) (1.5) 66,457 67,905 (1,448) (2.1) Lease termination fee 250 250 n/a Total revenues 22,211 22,546 (335) (1.5) 66,707 67,905 (1,198) (1.8) Rental income, net The following table details the components of rental income, net, for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase September 30, Increase (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change Acquisitions (a) 955 268 687 256.3 1,837 268 1,569 585.4 Dispositions (b) 21 1,471 (1,450) (98.6) 995 4,689 (3,694) (78.8) Same store (c) 21,235 20,807 428 2.1 63,625 62,948 677 1.1 Rental income, net 22,211 22,546 (335) (1.5) 66,457 67,905 (1,448) (2.1) 

 (a) Represents rental income from four properties acquired since January 1, 2023 . (b) Represents rental income from properties sold since January 1, 2023. (c) Represents rental income from 98 properties that were owned for the entirety of the periods presented. 
 Changes at same store properties The changes in same store rental income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are due primarily to increases of: - 432 ,000 and 1,068,000, respectively, from various lease amendments and extensions at our properties, - 216 ,000 and 527,000, respectively, due to new tenants at various properties, and - for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 231,000 in tenant reimbursements, of which 137,000 relates to real estate tax expenses generally incurred during such period. The increases were offset during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 by decreases in rental income of: - 143 ,000 and 326 ,000, respectively, from lease expirations at various properties, and - for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 761 ,000, from our two Regal Cinemas properties due to lease amendments effectuated in connection with its 2023 bankruptcy reorganization. Lease Termination Fee In March 2024, a consolidated joint venture in Lakewood, Colorado, in which we hold a 90 interest, received a lease termination fee of 250,000 from a tenant due to the early termination of its lease in connection with the sale of the related restaurant parcel. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Expenses The following table compares operating expenses for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase September 30, Increase (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change Operating expenses: Depreciation and amortization 6,133 6,310 (177) (2.8) 18,119 18,569 (450) (2.4) Real estate expenses 4,231 4,061 170 4.2 12,677 12,139 538 4.4 General and administrative 3,886 3,864 22 .6 11,585 12,068 (483) (4.0) Impairment Loss 1,086 1,086 n/a State taxes 74 76 (2) (2.6) 184 232 (48) (20.7) Total operating expenses 14,324 14,311 13 .1 43,651 43,008 643 1.5 Depreciation and amortization. The decreases in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are due primarily to (i) the inclusion in the corresponding 2023 periods of 362,000 and 858,000, respectively, of such expense from the properties sold since January 1, 2023, and (ii) decreases of 293,000 and 942,000, respectively, related to tenant origination costs at several properties that prior to September 30, 2024 were fully amortized. The decreases were offset by (i) 293,000 and 804,000, respectively, of such expense from four properties acquired since January 1, 2023, and (ii) 151,000 and 396,000, respectively, of depreciation from improvements at several properties. In addition, the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes 112,000 of amortization of leasing commissions at several properties. Real estate expenses. The increases in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are due primarily to (i) 104,000 and 176,000, respectively, of real estate expenses primarily related to insurance expense for several properties, none of which were individually significant, and (ii) in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 318,000 from four properties acquired since January 1, 2023. A substantial portion of real estate expenses is rebilled to tenants and is included in Rental income, net, on the consolidated statements of income. General and administrative. The decrease in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is due primarily to decreases (i) in non-cash compensation expense due primarily to the inclusion of 233,000 in the corresponding 2023 period from the retirement, and related accelerated vesting, of an executive officer s restricted stock awards, and (ii) of 165,000 in litigation related professional fees. Impairment loss. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a 1.1 million impairment loss at our former Hamilton, Ohio property tenanted by LA Fitness. (See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements). 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Gain on sale of real estate, net The following table compares gain on sale of real estate, net for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase September 30, Increase (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change Gain on sale of real estate, net 2,115 332 1,783 537.0 11,347 5,046 6,301 124.9 The following table lists the sold properties and the related gains, net, for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Restaurant parcel - Lakewood, Colorado (a) 1,784 Restaurant property - Kennesaw, Georgia 964 Industrial property - Miamisburg, Ohio 1,507 Retail property - Wichita, Kansas 1,884 Retail property - Lawrence, Kansas 43 Retail property - Cape Girardeau, Missouri (b) 978 Vacant retail property - Kennesaw, Georgia 2,072 Vacant health and fitness property - Hamilton, Ohio 17 17 Vacant industrial property - Wauconda, Illinois 1,177 1,177 Retail property - Woodbury, Minnesota 921 921 Restaurant property - Hauppauge, New York 1,534 Retail property - Duluth, Georgia 3,180 Restaurant property - Greensboro, North Carolina 332 332 Total Gain on sale of real estate, net 2,115 332 11,347 5,046 

 (a) This restaurant parcel, at a multi-tenant shopping center, is owned through a consolidated joint venture in which we have a 90 interest. The non-controlling interest s share of this gain was 178. (b) This property was owned through a consolidated joint venture in which we had a 95 interest. The non-controlling interest s share of this gain was 105. Other Income and Expenses The following table compares other income and expenses for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase September 30, Increase (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change Other income and expenses: Equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures (9) (905) 896 (99.0) 87 (761) 848 (111.4) Other income 353 87 266 305.7 896 131 765 584.0 Interest: Expense (4,932) (4,768) 164 3.4 (14,399) (13,978) 421 3.0 Amortization and write-off of deferred financing costs (225) (212) 13 6.1 (741) (619) 122 19.7 Equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 include our 50 share of an impairment charge, or 850,000, related to our former Manahawkin, New Jersey joint venture property which was sold in December 2023. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 Other Income. The increases in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are due to increases of 325,000 and 722,000, respectively, in interest income primarily from investments in short-term U.S. treasury bills. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Interest expense. The following table compares interest expense for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase September 30, Increase (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change Interest expense: Mortgage interest 4,868 4,454 414 9.3 14,210 12,976 1,234 9.5 Credit line interest 64 314 (250) (79.6) 189 1,002 (813) (81.1) Total 4,932 4,768 164 3.4 14,399 13,978 421 3.0 Mortgage interest The following table reflects the average interest rate on the average principal amount of outstanding mortgage debt for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase September 30, Increase (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change Weighted average principal amount 428,583 421,762 6,821 1.6 424,261 414,483 9,778 2.4 Weighted average interest rate 4.51 4.19 0.32 7.6 4.43 4.15 0.28 6.7 The increases in mortgage interest in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are due primarily to increases in the weighted average interest rate on the principal amount of mortgage debt outstanding as a result of financings and refinancings, offset by mortgage payoffs (generally in connection with scheduled maturities) and scheduled amortization payments. Credit line interest The decreases in credit line interest in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are due to the payoff of the principal balance outstanding on the credit facility. The interest expense of 64,000 and 189,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, constitutes the unused facility fee. The weighted average interest rate was 7.01 and 6.60 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and the weighted average principal amount outstanding was 14.7 million and 17.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Our sources of liquidity and capital include cash flow from operations, cash and cash equivalents, borrowings under our credit facility, refinancing existing mortgage loans, obtaining mortgage loans secured by our unencumbered properties, issuance of our equity securities and property sales . Our available liquidity at November 1, 2024, was 129.8 million, including 29.8 million of cash and cash equivalents (including the credit facility s required minimum 3.0 million average deposit maintenance balance) and up to 100.0 million available under our credit facility. At November 1, 2024, the facility is available for the acquisition of commercial real estate, repayment of mortgage debt, and up to 40.0 million for renovation and operating expense purposes. Liquidity and Financing We expect to meet our short-term i.e., one year or less) and long-term: operating cash requirements (including debt service, anticipated dividend payments and, if any, repurchases of our common stock), principally from cash flow from operations, our available cash and cash equivalents, proceeds from and, to the extent permitted and needed, our credit facility, investing cash requirements (including an estimated 3.6 million of capital expenditures on existing properties), from the foregoing, as well as property sales, sales of our common stock and property financings and refinancings, and financing cash requirements as described below . 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 64 outstanding mortgages payable secured by 65 properties in the aggregate principal amount of 430.5 million (before netting unamortized deferred financing costs of 3.7 million and mortgage intangibles of 702 ,000). These mortgages represent first liens on individual real estate investments with an aggregate carrying value of 685.0 million, before accumulated depreciation of 129.4 million. After giving effect to interest rate swap agreements, the mortgage payments bear interest at fixed rates ranging from 3.05 to 6.25 (a 4.53 weighted average interest rate) and mature between 2024 and 2047 (a 6.2 year weighted average remaining term to maturity). The following table sets forth, as of September 30, 2024, information with respect to our mortgage debt that is payable during the three months ending December 31, 2024 and for each of the subsequent twelve months through December 31, 2027: 

(Dollars in thousands) 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total Amortization payments 2,954 11,031 10,995 9,935 34,915 Principal due at maturity 5,149 29,157 19,179 38,525 92,010 Total 8,103 40,188 30,174 48,460 126,925 Weighted average interest rate on principal due at maturity 4.44 4.34 3.88 3.64 3.96 (1) We intend to make debt amortization payments from operating cash flow and, although no assurance can be given that we will be successful in this regard, generally intend to refinance, extend or pay off the mortgage loans which mature from 2024 through 2027. In particular, we anticipate refinancing a substantial portion of the remaining debt maturing in 2024 and 2025, although given the significant increase in interest rates over the past year, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to do so on terms as favorable as those currently in effect or at all. We generally intend to repay the amounts not refinanced or extended from our existing funds and sources of funds, including our available cash, proceeds from property sales and, if any, the sale of our common stock, and our credit facility (to the extent available). We continually seek to refinance existing mortgage loans on terms we deem acceptable to generate additional liquidity. Additionally, in the normal course of our business, we sell properties when we determine that it is in our best interests, which also generates additional liquidity. Further, although we have done so infrequently and primarily in the context of a tenant default at a property for which we have not found a replacement tenant, if we believe we have negative equity in a property 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 subject to a non-recourse mortgage loan, we may convey such property to the mortgagee to terminate our mortgage obligations, including payment of interest, principal and real estate taxes, with respect to such property. Typically, we use funds from our credit facility to acquire a property and, thereafter secure long-term, fixed rate mortgage debt on such property. We apply the proceeds from the mortgage loan to repay borrowings under the credit facility, thus providing us with the ability to re-borrow under the credit facility for the acquisition of additional properties. Credit Facility Our credit facility provides that subject to borrowing base requirements, we can borrow up to 100.0 million for the acquisition of commercial real estate, repayment of mortgage debt, and renovation and operating expense purposes; provided, that if used for renovation and operating expense purposes, the amount outstanding for such purposes will not exceed the lesser of 40.0 million and 40 of the borrowing base. The facility matures December 31, 2026 and bears interest equal to 30-day SOFR plus the applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from 175 basis points if our ratio of total debt to total value (as calculated pursuant to the facility) is equal to or less than 50 , increasing to a maximum of 275 basis points if such ratio is greater than 60 . The applicable margin was 175 basis points for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. There is an unused facility fee of 0.25 per annum on the difference between the outstanding loan balance and 100.0 million. The credit facility requires the maintenance of 3.0 million in average deposit balances . The interest rate on the facility was 6.59 and 6.42 at September 30, 2024 and November 1, 2024. The terms of our credit facility include certain restrictions and covenants which may limit, among other things, the incurrence of liens, and which require compliance with financial ratios relating to, among other things, the minimum amount of tangible net worth, the minimum amount of debt service coverage, the minimum amount of fixed charge coverage, the maximum amount of debt to value, the minimum level of net income, certain investment limitations and the minimum value of unencumbered properties and the number of such properties. Net proceeds received from the sale, financing or refinancing of properties are generally required to be used to repay amounts outstanding under our credit facility. At September 30, 2024 , we were in compliance with the covenants under this facility. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangement We own a land parcel located in Beachwood, Ohio which is improved by a multi-family complex i.e., The Vue Apartments) that we ground lease to the owner/operator of such complex. This ground lease did not generate any rental income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the land on our balance sheet was approximately 17.3 million; our leasehold position is subordinate to 62.6 million of mortgage debt incurred by our tenant, the owner/operator of the multi-family complex. In addition, we have agreed, in our discretion, to fund certain capital expenditures and operating cash flow shortfalls at this property. We do not believe that this type of off-balance sheet arrangement has been or will be material to our liquidity and capital resource positions, except to the extent we determine to continue to fund the capital expenditures required by, and the operating cash flow shortfalls at, this property. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding this arrangement . Application of Critical Accounting Estimates A complete discussion of our critical accounting estimates is included in our Annual Report. There have been no changes in such estimates. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations We compute funds from operations, or FFO, in accordance with the White Paper on Funds From Operations issued by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT and NAREIT s related guidance. FFO is defined in the White Paper as net income (calculated in accordance with GAAP), excluding depreciation and amortization related to real estate, gains and losses from the sale of certain real estate assets, gains and losses from change in control, impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities where the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures are calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. In computing FFO, we do not add back to net income the amortization of costs in connection with our financing activities or depreciation of non-real estate assets. We compute adjusted funds from operations, or AFFO, by adjusting from FFO for straight-line rent accruals and amortization of lease intangibles, deducting from income additional rent from ground lease tenant, income on settlement of litigation, income on insurance recoveries from casualties, lease termination and assignment fees, and adding back amortization of restricted stock and restricted stock unit compensation expense, amortization of costs in connection with our financing activities (including our share of our unconsolidated joint ventures), debt prepayment costs and amortization of lease incentives and mortgage intangible assets. Since the NAREIT White Paper does not provide guidelines for computing AFFO, the computation of AFFO varies from one REIT to another. We believe that FFO and AFFO are useful and standard supplemental measures of the operating performance for equity REITs and are used frequently by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in evaluating equity REITs, many of which present FFO and AFFO when reporting their operating results. FFO and AFFO are intended to exclude GAAP historical cost depreciation and amortization of real estate assets, which assumes that the value of real estate assets diminish predictability over time. In fact, real estate values have historically risen and fallen with market conditions. As a result, we believe that FFO and AFFO provide a performance measure that when compared year over year, should reflect the impact to operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, interest costs and other matters without the inclusion of depreciation and amortization, providing a perspective that may not be necessarily apparent from net income. We also consider FFO and AFFO to be useful to us in evaluating potential property acquisitions. FFO and AFFO do not represent net income or cash flows from operations as defined by GAAP. FFO and AFFO and should not be considered to be an alternative to net income as a reliable measure of our operating performance; nor should FFO and AFFO be considered an alternative to cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities (as defined by GAAP) as measures of liquidity. FFO and AFFO do not measure whether cash flow is sufficient to fund all of our cash needs, including principal amortization, capital improvements and distributions to stockholders. Management recognizes that there are limitations in the use of FFO and AFFO. In evaluating our performance, management is careful to examine GAAP measures such as net income and cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 The tables below provide a reconciliation of net income and net income per common share (on a diluted basis) in accordance with GAAP to FFO and AFFO for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 GAAP net income attributable to One Liberty Properties, Inc. 5,177 2,747 19,885 14,652 Add: depreciation and amortization of properties 5,921 6,134 17,524 18,028 Add: our share of depreciation and amortization of unconsolidated joint ventures 6 130 16 389 Add: impairment loss 1,086 Add: amortization of deferred leasing costs 212 176 595 541 Add: our share of amortization of deferred leasing costs of unconsolidated joint ventures 11 5 12 14 Add: our share of impairment loss of unconsolidated joint venture property 850 850 Deduct: gain on sale of real estate, net (2,115) (332) (11,347) (5,046) Adjustments for non-controlling interests (19) (19) 227 (53) NAREIT funds from operations applicable to common stock 9,193 9,691 27,998 29,375 Deduct: straight-line rent accruals and amortization of lease intangibles (836) (619) (2,006) (2,139) Adjust: our share of straight-line rent accruals and amortization of lease intangibles of unconsolidated joint ventures 30 (5) 27 (15) Deduct: lease termination fee income (250) Deduct: other income and income on settlement of litigation (27) (75) (82) (75) Deduct: our share of unconsolidated joint venture lease termination fee income (21) (21) Deduct: additional rent from ground lease tenant (16) Add: amortization of restricted stock and RSU compensation 1,248 1,211 3,687 4,103 Add: amortization and write-off of deferred financing costs 225 212 741 619 Add: amortization of lease incentives 30 30 90 91 Add: amortization of mortgage intangible assets 34 33 103 79 Add: our share of amortization of deferred financing costs of unconsolidated joint venture 4 13 Adjustments for non-controlling interests 2 (1) 30 (1) Adjusted funds from operations applicable to common stock 9,899 10,460 30,338 32,013 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 GAAP net income attributable to One Liberty Properties, Inc. .23 .12 .91 .66 Add: depreciation and amortization of properties .29 .29 .83 .86 Add: our share of depreciation and amortization of unconsolidated joint ventures .01 .02 Add: impairment loss .05 Add: amortization of deferred leasing costs .01 .01 .03 .03 Add: our share of amortization of deferred leasing costs of unconsolidated joint ventures Add: our share of impairment loss of unconsolidated joint venture property .04 .04 Deduct: gain on sale of real estate, net (.10) (.02) (.53) (.24) Adjustments for non-controlling interests .01 NAREIT funds from operations per share of common stock (a) .43 .45 1.30 1.37 Deduct: straight-line rent accruals and amortization of lease intangibles (.04) (.03) (.08) (.10) Adjust: our share of straight-line rent accruals and amortization of lease intangibles of unconsolidated joint ventures Deduct: lease termination fee income (.01) Deduct: other income and income on settlement of litigation Deduct: our share of unconsolidated joint venture lease termination fee income Deduct: additional rent from ground lease tenant Add: amortization of restricted stock and RSU compensation .06 .06 .17 .19 Add: amortization and write-off of deferred financing costs .01 .01 .03 .03 Add: amortization of lease incentives Add: amortization of mortgage intangible assets Add: our share of amortization of deferred financing costs of unconsolidated joint venture Adjustments for non-controlling interests Adjusted funds from operations per share of common stock (a) .46 .49 1.41 1.49 

38 

Table of Contents 
 (a) The weighted average number of diluted common shares used to compute FFO and AFFO applicable to common stock includes unvested restricted shares that are excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 The 498,000, or 5.1 , decrease in FFO for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from the corresponding 2023 period is due primarily to: a 335,000 decrease in rental income, net, a 170,000 increase in real estate operating expenses, and a 164,000 increase in interest expense. 
 Offsetting the decrease is: a 266,000 increase in other income. 
 The 561,000, or 5.4 , decrease in AFFO for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from the corresponding 2023 period is due to the factors impacting FFO as described immediately above, including a 217,000 decrease in rental income, net, due to the exclusion of the amortization of straight line rent and lease-related intangibles. See Results of Operations for further information regarding these changes. Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 The 1.4 million, or 4.7 , decrease in FFO for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the corresponding 2023 period is due primarily to: a 1.4 million decrease in rental income, net, a 538,000 increase real estate operating expenses, a 421,000 increase in interest expense, and a 377,000 decrease in equity in earnings from our unconsolidated joint ventures due to the inclusion and exclusion, in the 2023 period, of rent income and depreciation expense, respectively, from our former Manahawkin, New Jersey shopping center, which was sold in December 2023. 
 Offsetting the decrease is: a 765,000 increase in other income, a 483,000 decrease in general and administrative expenses, and 250,000 of lease termination fee income. 
 The 1.7 million, or 5.2 , decrease in AFFO for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the corresponding 2023 period is due to the factors impacting FFO as described immediately above, excluding the (i) 416,000 decrease in general and administrative expenses related to the amortization of restricted stock and RSU compensation, (ii) 250,000 lease termination fee income, and (iii) a 133,000 increase in rental income, net, due to the exclusion of the amortization of straight line rent and lease-related intangibles. See Results of Operations for further information regarding these changes. 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Our primary market risk exposure is the effect of changes in interest rates on the interest cost of draws on our revolving variable rate credit facility and the effect of changes in the fair value of our interest rate swap agreements. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. We use interest rate swaps to limit interest rate risk on substantially all variable rate mortgages. These swaps are used for hedging purposes - not for speculation. We do not enter into interest rate swaps for trading purposes. At September 30, 2024, we had no liability in the event of the early termination of our swaps. At September 30, 2024, we had 10 interest rate swap agreements outstanding. The fair market value of the interest rate swaps is dependent upon existing market interest rates and swap spreads, which change over time. As of September 30, 2024, if there had been an increase of 100 basis points in forward interest rates, the fair market value of the interest rate swaps and the net unrealized gain on derivative instruments would have increased by 132,000. If there were a decrease of 100 basis points in forward interest rates, the fair market value of the interest rate swaps and the net unrealized gain on derivative instruments would have decreased by 134,000. These changes would not have any impact on our net income or cash. Our variable mortgage debt, after giving effect to the interest rate swap agreements, primarily bears interest at fixed rates and accordingly, the effect of changes in interest rates would not impact the interest expense we incur under these mortgages. The fair market value of our long-term debt is estimated based on discounting future cash flows at interest rates that our management believes reflect the risks associated with long-term debt of similar risk and duration. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) are effective. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION or any trading arrangement in effect at any time during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Title of Exhibit 31.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following financial statements and notes from the One Liberty Properties, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 filed on November 6, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded in the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). __________ 

 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 42 

Table of Contents 
 ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES, INC. (Registrant) Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Patrick J. Callan, Jr. Patrick J. Callan, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Isaac Kalish Isaac Kalish Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 olp-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Patrick J. Callan, Jr., certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of One Liberty Properties, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. . 

Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Patrick J. Callan, Jr. Patrick J. Callan, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 olp-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Isaac Kalish, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of One Liberty Properties, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Isaac Kalish Isaac Kalish Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 olp-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) I, Patrick J. Callan, Jr., do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based upon a review of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of One Liberty Properties, Inc. the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ): (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Patrick J. Callan, Jr. Patrick J. Callan, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 olp-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) I, Isaac Kalish, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based upon a review of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of One Liberty Properties, Inc. the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ): (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Isaac Kalish Isaac Kalish Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 olp-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 olp-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 olp-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 olp-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 olp-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

