<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1716621_0001654954-24-014300.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8638695</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>155979</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1350029</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2093091</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2038587</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2783482</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-24-014300.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113204450
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-24-014300
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Catheter Precision, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001716621
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				383661826
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38677
		FILM NUMBER:		241456514

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1670 HIGHWAY 160 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205
		CITY:			FORT MILL
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29708
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-691-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1670 HIGHWAY 160 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205
		CITY:			FORT MILL
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29708

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ra Medical Systems, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170908

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-24-014300.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 vtak_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

vtak_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities Registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: American Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of the close of business on November 8, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. CATHETER PRECISION, INC. QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q TABLE OF CONTENTS Page(s) PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 3 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 6 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 7 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 42 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 56 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 56 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 58 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 58 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 58 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 58 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 58 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 58 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 59 SIGNATURES 62 2 Table of Contents PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CATHETER PRECISION, INC. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Notes payable Interest payable to related parties Current portion of royalties payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Royalties payable Notes payable due to related parties Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 17) Stockholders' Equity Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value, shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Series X Convertible Preferred Stock, par value, shares designated; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 Table of Contents CATHETER PRECISION, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses Loss on impairment of goodwill Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total operating expenses Operating loss Other income (expense), net Interest income Interest expense Other expense, net Change in fair value of royalties payable Total other income (expense), net Net loss Deemed dividend - warrant inducement offer Net loss attributable to common stockholders Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Weighted average common shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents CATHETER PRECISION, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (in thousands, except share data) (Unaudited) Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series X Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Accumulated Total Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 Stock-based compensation Conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Net loss Balance at March 31, 2024 Stock-based compensation Net loss Balance at June 30, 2024 Issuance of common stock and other equity-classified contracts from September 2024 Public Offering, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock upon exercise of Pre-Funded Warrants (see Note 13) Conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Stock-based compensation Net loss Balance at September 30, 2024 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series X Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Accumulated Total Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 Common stock issued upon the exercise of options Restricted stock awards cancelled Stock-based compensation Issuance of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock in merger Conversion of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock Issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in connection with private placement, net Warrants exercised (see Note 13) Net loss Balance at March 31, 2023 Common stock issued upon the exercise of options Adjustment of fair value of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock in merger Adjustment of fair value of stock-based compensation related to merger Net loss Balance at June 30, 2023 Stock-based compensation Conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Net loss Balance at September 30, 2023 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents CATHETER PRECISION, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) (Unaudited) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Loss on impairment of goodwill Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Change in fair value of royalties payable Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other assets Operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities Current portion of royalties payable Accounts payable Accrued expenses Interest payable to related parties Net cash used in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of property and equipment Cash acquired as part of business combination Net cash used in investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants Proceeds from issuance of common stock and other equity-classified contracts from the September 2024 Public Offering, net of issuance costs Proceeds from notes payable due to related parties Payment on note payable Proceeds from note payable Proceeds from exercise of warrants Payments of costs related to the warrant repricing Payments of convertible promissory notes and accrued interest Proceeds from the private placement of securities Payments of offering costs related to the private placement of securities Net cash provided by financing activities NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash payments for interest SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NONCASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES Non-cash consideration for Catheter acquisition Property and equipment reclassified from inventories Conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for common stock See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents CATHETER PRECISION, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (in thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) 7 Table of Contents million shares and effecting a reverse stock split in which each ten ) shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time, automatically combined into one (1) validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of the Company s common stock, par value per share. No fractional shares were issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. Stockholders who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fractional share were entitled to receive their pro rata portion of the net proceeds obtained from the aggregation and sale by the exchange agent of the fractional shares resulting from the reverse stock split (reduced by any customary brokerage fees, commissions and other expenses). All references to share and per share amounts for all periods presented in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been retrospectively restated to reflect this Reverse Stock Split. All rights to receive shares of common stock under outstanding securities, including but not limited to, warrants and options were adjusted to give effect to the reverse stock split. Furthermore, proportionate adjustments were made to the per share exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased upon exercise of outstanding warrants and stock options granted by the Company, and the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuance under the Company s Equity Incentive Plan. Going Concern The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business, and do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The Company has incurred recurring net losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities since inception. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company used million in cash for operating activities. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately million. Management expects operating losses and negative cash flows to continue for the foreseeable future as the Company invests in its commercial capabilities. These negative cash flows and additional costs associated with the Merger paid during the year ended December 31, 2023, have substantially depleted the Company s cash. Following the Merger with Old Catheter, Management further reduced costs while assuming the operating costs of Old Catheter. Management will continue to monitor its operating costs and seek to reduce its current liabilities. Such actions may impair its ability to proceed with certain strategic activities. From May to July 2024, the Company issued five short-term promissory notes with related parties totaling million with an interest rate and a maturity date of August 30, 2024 (the Related Party Notes ). On August 23, 2024, the Company amended the Related Party Notes to extend the maturity date to January 31, 2026. As part of the amendment, all interest accrued as of the amendment date was repaid to the noteholders and the contractual interest rate increased to 12 per annum as of the amendment date. See Note 9, Notes Payable for additional information. On August 30, 2024, the Company entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. as representative (the Representative of the underwriters named in the Underwriter Agreement (the Underwriters ). Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company completed a public offering of its securities on September 3, 2024 (the September 2024 Public Offering and sold an aggregate of (i) Common Stock Units and (ii) Pre-Funded Units. The Company collected gross proceeds of approximately million before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering expenses payable by the Company of million. See Note 13, Equity Offerings for additional information. 8 Table of Contents . Management estimates that based on the Company s liquidity resources, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within 12 months from the date of issuance of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of the Company continuing to operate in the normal course of business and do not reflect any adjustments to the assets and liabilities related to the substantial doubt of its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to raise additional funding. Management plans to raise additional capital through public or private equity or debt financings to fulfill its operating and capital requirements for at least 12 months from the date of the issuance of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. However, the Company may not be able to secure such financing in a timely manner or on favorable terms, if at all. Furthermore, if the Company issues equity securities to raise additional funds, its existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the Company s existing stockholders. Basis of Presentation 9 Table of Contents Concentrations of Credit Risk and of the Company's consolidated revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively; and three and four customers that represented and of the Company's consolidated revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Reclassifications Segment Reporting 10 Table of Contents at September 30, 2024. Fair Value Measurements Money Market Funds Total assets Liabilities Royalties payable Total liabilities Money Market Funds Total assets Liabilities Royalties payable Total liabilities 11 Table of Contents December 31, 2023 Instrument Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Input Range Royalties Payable Increases or decreases in the fair value of the royalties payable can result from updates to assumptions, such as changes in discount rates, project cash flows, among other assumptions. Judgment is used in determining these assumptions as of the initial valuation date and at each subsequent reporting period. Changes or updates to assumptions could have a material impact on the reported fair value, the change in fair value, and the results of operations in any given period. Accounts Receivable and Allowances for Credit Losses 12 Table of Contents Inventories Property and Equipment - years Computer hardware and software - years LockeT animation video years VIVO DEMO/Clinical Systems - years Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the leasehold improvement or the term of the underlying property s lease. The Company periodically reviews the residual values and estimated useful lives of each class of its property and equipment for ongoing reasonableness, considering long-term views on its intended use of each class of property and equipment and the planned level of improvements to maintain and enhance assets within those classes. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the account balances and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred, whereas significant betterments are capitalized. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 13 Table of Contents Goodwill million recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (see Note 3, Business Combination and Note 7, Goodwill for additional details). As of December 31, 2023, goodwill was fully impaired. Royalties Payable (see Note 10, Royalties Payable). The Company recognizes a current liability for royalty fees incurred and payable to the Noteholders based on actual sales of LockeT devices. The liability is recorded as current portion of royalties payable in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. The Company further recognizes a liability for future, estimated royalty payments to the Noteholders at fair value, which is recorded as royalties payable in the condensed consolidated balance sheet (the Royalties Payable ). The fair value of the Royalties Payable is an estimate that is based on the projected sales of LockeT through the end of 2035. The projected sales are then multiplied by the royalty rate of and discounted back to their present value using the RADR. 14 Table of Contents Product Warranty Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity Revenue Recognition 15 Table of Contents 16 Table of Contents Europe Shipping and Handling Costs Advertising and Marketing thousand and thousand during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Advertising costs were thousand and thousand during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Patents Research and Development Stock-Based Compensation 17 Table of Contents Income Taxes Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Share of Common Stock 18 Table of Contents and million, respectively. The deemed dividend is added to the net loss in determining the net loss available to common stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. There was no deemed dividend for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Recently Announced Accounting Pronouncements million, were converted into a right to receive .592 shares of a new class of the Company s preferred stock, designated Series X Convertible Preferred Stock. Additionally, all outstanding stock options to purchase Old Catheter common stock were assumed and converted into options to purchase approximately shares of the Company's common stock. The total purchase consideration for the Merger was million which represents the sum of the (i) estimated fair value of the .592 Series X Convertible Preferred Stock issued and (ii) the portion of the estimated fair value of million representing the Company stock options issued in replacement of Old Catheter share-based payment awards as required under FASB Topic 805, Business Combinations ("Topic 805") . The fair value of the Series X Convertible Preferred Stock includes certain discounts applied to the closing stock price of the Company, on January 9, 2023, of per share. 19 Table of Contents Fair value of Old Catheter s fully vested stock options Total Purchase Price The Merger was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with Topic 805, and the Company has been determined to be the accounting acquirer. The Company allocated the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value. The purchase price allocation reflects various fair value estimates and analyses, including certain tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the valuation of intangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and goodwill, which were subject to change within the measurement period as valuations were being finalized (generally one year from the acquisition date). Measurement period adjustments were recorded in the reporting period in which the estimates are finalized, and adjustment amounts were determined. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments based on changes to certain estimates and assumptions and their related impact to the purchase price allocation. Developed technology was revised from million to million; trademarks were revised from million to million; customer relationships were revised from thousand to thousand; goodwill was revised from million to million; and royalties payable were revised from million to million. 20 Table of Contents Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment, net Lease right-of-use assets Other assets Developed technology Customer relationships Trademarks Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Lease liability Interest payable Convertible promissory notes Royalties payable Total liabilities assumed Total purchase price All intangible assets acquired are subject to amortization and their associated acquisition date fair values and useful lives are as follows: Developed technology- LockeT Customer relationships Trademark- VIVO Trademark- LockeT Notwithstanding the above, as described in Note 7, management determined that there were indicators of asset impairment during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and assessed the carrying values of the Company s intangible assets and goodwill. As a result of the impairment analysis in prior periods, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This amount represented the purchase price amount ascribed to goodwill. 21 Table of Contents and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Pro Forma Financial Information The following table represents the revenue, net loss and net loss per share effect of the acquired company, as reported on a pro forma basis as if the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2023. These pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have occurred if the acquisition had occurred on the first day of the period presented, nor does the pro forma financial information purport to represent the results of operations for future periods. The following information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is presented in thousands except for the per share data (in thousands, except per share data): Net loss Net loss attributable to common stockholders Basic and diluted net loss per share on a pro forma basis Finished goods Inventories There were no charges for inventory obsolescence or allowance recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Computer hardware and software LockeT Animation Video VIVO DEMO/Clinical Systems Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation Property and equipment, net 22 Table of Contents thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Depreciation expense was thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Developed technology LockeT Customer relationships Trademarks/trade names VIVO Trademarks/trade names LockeT The following table summarizes the Company s intangible assets as of December 31, 2023 (in thousands): Developed technology LockeT Customer relationships Trademarks/trade names VIVO Trademarks/trade names LockeT The estimated future amortization expense for the next five years and thereafter is as follows (in thousands): 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total The Company uses the straight-line method to determine the amortization expense for its definite lived intangible assets. Amortization expense, included within selling, general and administrative expenses, relating to the Company's intangible assets was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 23 Table of Contents years. million was recognized as goodwill. The Merger was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with Topic 805, and the Company has been determined to be the accounting acquirer. The Company allocated the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments based on changes to certain estimates and assumptions and their related impact to the purchase price allocation. As a result, goodwill was revised from million to million. The Company tests Goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if a change in circumstances or the occurrence of events indicates that potential impairment exists. Due to a sustained decrease in the Company s share price during the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the Company concluded that, in accordance with ASC 350, a triggering event occurred indicating that potential impairment exists and required the Company to assess if impairment exists as of March 31, 2023. In accordance with ASC 350, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test, which resulted in the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeding the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, indicating that the goodwill of the reporting unit was impaired. The Company utilized a combination of an income and market approach to assess the fair value of the reporting unit. The income approach considered the discounted cash flow model, considering projected future cash flows (including timing and profitability), discount rate reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows, perpetual growth rate, and projected future economic and market conditions. The guideline public company market approach considered marketplace earnings multiples from within a peer public company group. As of December 31, 2023, cumulative goodwill impairment charges of million were incurred related to the Company s single reporting unit and no goodwill remains as of this date. Offering costs Compensation and related benefits Other accrued expenses Accrued expenses The product warranty accrual related to the voluntary recall of DABRA catheters was initiated in September 2019. The recall was closed by the FDA in July 2023 and no claims have been submitted in approximately 2 years. As such, the Company derecognized the warranty liability of thousand as of December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the accrued warranty balance was . 24 Table of Contents thousand. A down payment of thousand was made and the remaining balance of thousand was financed over 8 months through a short-term financing arrangement with its insurance carrier. The interest rate on the loan is . Interest expense on this loan was thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The loan balance was thousand as of December 31, 2023. The loan balance was paid off in May of 2024 and therefore there is no balance as of September 30, 2024. The Company purchased director and officer liability insurance coverage on September 26, 2024 for thousand. A down payment of thousand was made and the remaining balance of thousand was financed over 10 months through a short-term financing arrangement with its insurance carrier. The interest rate on the loan is . Interest expense on this loan was for the three and nine months ending September 30, 2024. The loan balance was thousand as of September 30, 2024. Short Term Promissory Notes (collectively, the Related Party Notes On May 30, 2024, David A. Jenkins loaned to the Company in exchange for a short-term promissory note. On June 25, 2024, an entity controlled by Mr. Jenkins loaned to the Company in exchange for a short-term promissory note. On July 1, 2024 and July 18, 2024, the Company entered into two short-term promissory notes with an affiliate of Mr. Jenkins, where the affiliate loaned and , respectively, to the Company in exchange for the notes. On July 25, 2024, the Company entered into a short-term promissory note with a Trust, of which Mr. Jenkins adult daughter is the trustee, where the Trust loaned to the Company in exchange for the note. All of these short-term promissory notes (the Related Party Notes had a maturity date of , and bear interest at the rate of per annum. On August 23, 2024, the Company entered in the first amendment of the Related Party Notes, which extended the maturity date to January 31, 2026 and increased the interest rate to per annum after August 31, 2024. All other terms and conditions remained substantially unchanged. As part of the amendment, the Company paid down all accrued interest to date of thousand. The first amendment was accounted for as a debt modification in accordance with ASC 470-50, Debt Modifications and Extinguishment ASC 470-50 ). Since the modified terms and conditions were not substantially different from the prior terms and conditions, the Company accounted for the debt modification as a continuation of the original debt instrument. The Company further concluded that the debt modification did not result in any adjustments to the carrying value of the Notes. The Related Party Notes and the debt evidenced thereby, including all principal and interest, accelerate and become immediately due and payable upon the occurrence of certain customary events of default, including failure to pay amounts owing when due, material breach of representations or warranties by the Company (unless waived by the holder of the Related Party Note or cured within 10 days following notice) and/or certain events involving a discontinuation of the Company s business or certain types of proceedings involving insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership and the like. Interest expense on the Related Party Notes was thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The balance of the Related Party Notes and accrued interest was million as of September 30, 2024, thousand of which relates to accrued interest and is recorded under interest payable to related parties on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 19, Related Parties for additional details. 25 Table of Contents of net sales of its LockeT device on a quarterly basis, commencing upon the first commercial sale through December 31, 2035. An additional royalty will be paid to , payable annually in arrears, starting with the year ending December 31, 2022. After 1.0 million has been paid, and if, and only if, a US patent is granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Company will continue to pay a royalty at a rate of of net sales, until total cumulative royalties of million have been paid. , then will terminate regardless of whether the full million has been paid. The LockeT device had sales during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and as such the Company owes the first royalty payment in relation to the Royalty Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the Company owes thousand in relation to LockeT sales. AMIGO System Royalty During 2006 and 2007, Old Catheter entered into two investment grant agreements with a non-profit foundation for the purpose of funding the initial development of Old Catheter's AMIGO System, receiving a total of million from the foundation. The agreement calls for the payment of the following sales-based royalties, by Old Catheter, to the foundation, upon successful commercialization of the AMIGO System: The Company is not actively marketing and selling the AMIGO System. There was no royalty expense recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in relation to the AMIGO System. The AMIGO System royalty has been earned and payment has been deferred to a future date. 26 Table of Contents AMIGO royalty payable recognized in connection with the Merger LockeT royalty payable recognized in connection with the Merger Payments owed on royalties payable Change in fair value of royalties payable Ending Balance, September 30, Cash paid for leases The Company's lease agreements generally do not provide an implicit borrowing rate. Therefore, the Company used a benchmark approach to derive an appropriate imputed discount rate. The Company benchmarked itself against other companies with similar credit ratings and of comparable quality and derived an imputed rate, which was used in a portfolio approach to discount its real estate lease liabilities. Management used an estimated incremental borrowing rate as detailed below for each lease. Lease Terms and Discount Rate The table below presents certain information related to the weighted average remaining lease term and the weighted average discount rate for the Company s operating leases, as of September 30, 2024: Weighted average discount rate - operating leases South Carolina Office Lease Agreement On September 27, 2022, Old Catheter entered into a lease agreement for office space located in Fort Mill, South Carolina. The space is used for office and general use. The term of the lease began on October 1, 2022, is 38 months, and includes two months of free rent from the commencement date of the lease. The lease contains two separate 36 month renewal periods, which require 180 days notice of the Company's intention to exercise. As of the date of these condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company does not intend to exercise either of the two extension options. Total rent is per month for the first ten months following the two months of free rent, with annual increases on the anniversary of the effective date. The Company has adopted the practical expedient under Topic 842, which permits the Company to account for each separate lease component of a contract and its associated non-lease components as a single lease payment. As a result, beginning at lease inception on October 1, 2022, the Company recognized the lease payments and associated common area maintenance payments as a single lease payment. 27 Table of Contents month renewal period, which requires 9 months notice if the Company intends to exercise. In March 2024, the Company notified the landlord of its intent to extend the lease for a -month period. In April 2024, a lease extension agreement was entered into extending the lease through December 31, 2025. Total rent is per month through December 31, 2024, and for the remaining term of the extended lease. Park City Office Lease Agreement On March 19, 2023, the Company entered into a lease agreement for office space located in Park City, Utah. The space is used for office and general use. The term of the lease is for months and began on May 1, 2023. The lease contains one month renewal period, which requires 180 days notice of the Company's intention to exercise. As of the date of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company does not intend to exercise the extension option. Total rent is per month for the first year with an annual increase of three percent per year on the anniversary of the effective date. Future lease payments for all lease obligations for the following five fiscal years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands): 2025 2026 Total minimum lease payments Less effects of discounting Present value of future minimum lease payments Operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the Company's operating leases were recorded in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as follows: Total lease assets Liabilities Current liabilities: Current portion of operating lease liabilities Non-current liabilities: Operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 28 Table of Contents shares, warrants of , stock options of , and no Series A convertible preferred stock, restricted stock awards or restricted stock units. Anti-dilutive common share equivalents excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share at September 30, 2023, consisted of Series A convertible preferred stock of shares, Series X convertible preferred stock of shares, warrants of , stock options of , and restricted stock units of . Net loss attributable to common stockholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, consists of net loss, as adjusted for deemed dividends. The Company recorded a deemed dividend for the modification of existing warrants and issuance of the Series E warrants (see Note 13, Equity Offerings) of million, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. shares of the Company s common stock held by an investor (the Investor ), with exercise prices ranging from to per share to per share (the "2023 Warrant Repricing"). In connection with the 2023 Warrant Repricing, the Company entered into a Warrant Inducement Offer Letter (the "2023 Inducement Letter") with the Investor pursuant to which it would exercise up to all of the Existing Warrants (the "Inducement Offer"). In consideration for exercising the Existing Warrants pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Inducement Letter, the Company received approximately million in gross proceeds. The Company paid placement agent aggregate cash fees plus other offering costs of approximately million related to the Inducement Offer, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of million. In consideration for exercising the Existing Warrants pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Inducement Letter, the Company issued the Investor a new Series E common stock purchase warrant (the "Series E Warrant") to purchase 33,161 shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Series E Warrant is exercisable for five years from the date of stockholder approval. Exercise of the Series E Warrant in full was subject to approval of the Company's stockholders other than the Investor, which was obtained at a special meeting of the Company's stockholders held on March 21, 2023 (the "Stockholders' Meeting"). The incremental fair value of the repriced warrants amounted to million and the fair value of Series E warrant totaled million. The relative fair value of such amounts were recorded to additional paid-in capital concurrent with the exercise of the Existing Warrants. As a result of the 2023 Warrant Repricing and Inducement Offer, the Company presents a deemed dividend for the modification of Existing Warrants and issuance of the Series E Warrants of and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The deemed dividend was included in net loss attributable to common stockholders in the calculation of net loss per share in the unaudited consolidated condensed statements of operations. 29 Table of Contents Volatility Expected dividend yield Expected life (in years) The Series E warrants were also valued on the date of the 2023 Warrant Repricing at approximately million using the Black-Scholes model based on the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rate Volatility Expected dividend yield Expected life (in years) Private Placement On January 9, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement Securities Purchase Agreement for a private placement Private Placement ), with the Investor. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Investor agreed to purchase, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, (a) Class A units at a price that was the lower of per unit and 90 of the 5 day volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock immediately prior to obtainment of the approval of the Company s stockholders of conversion of the PIPE Preferred Stock and PIPE Warrants (as each are defined below), without adjusting such price for the reverse stock split, each consisting of one tenth of one share of common stock, one tenth of one Series F common stock purchase warrant Series F Warrant ), and one tenth of one Series G common stock purchase warrant Series G Warrant ), and together with the Series F Warrants (the PIPE Warrants and (b) Class B units at a price of per unit, each consisting of one share of a new series of the Company s preferred stock, designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the PIPE Preferred Stock ), par value 0.0001, and one tenth of one Series F Warrant and one tenth of one Series G Warrant for each one-tenth of one share of the Company s common stock underlying the PIPE Preferred Stock (each share of which is convertible into a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to divided by the lower of and 90 of the 5 day volume weighted average closing price, multiplied by ten in order to reflect the impact of the reverse stock split of the Company s common stock immediately prior to the obtainment of the approval of the Company s stockholders of conversion of the PIPE Preferred Stock and PIPE Warrants, or the Preferred Conversion Rate). The closing under the Securities Purchase Agreement and the sale and issuance of the Class A units and Class B units (and the issuance of any underlying common stock) were approved at the Stockholders Meeting. At the closing of the Private Placement, the Company issued Class A units for proceeds of approximately million and Class B units for proceeds of approximately million which contained preferred shares that were convertible into up to shares of common stock, as well as the issuance of warrants described below. The PIPE Warrants, including Series F warrants and Series G warrants, are exercisable at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments as provided under the terms of the PIPE Warrants. The PIPE Warrants are exercisable at any time on or after the closing date of the Private Placement until the expiration thereof, except that the PIPE Warrants cannot be exercised if, after giving effect thereto, the purchaser would beneficially own more than , or the Maximum Percentage, of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, which Maximum Percentage may be increased or decreased by the purchaser with written notice to the Company to any other percentage specified not in excess of . The Series F Warrants have a term of two years from the date of stockholder approval, and the Series G Warrants have a term of six years from the date of stockholder approval. The Series F Warrants and Series G Warrants were approved at the Stockholders Meeting. 30 Table of Contents million using the Black-Scholes model based on the following assumptions: Volatility Expected dividend yield Expected life (in years) The proceeds from the Securities Purchase Agreement were allocated to the equity instruments issued based on their relative fair values and recorded in additional paid-in capital. Shares of PIPE Preferred Stock, the conversion of which was approved at the Stockholders Meeting, convert into common stock at the option of the holder at the Preferred Conversion Rate, subject to certain ownership limitations as described below. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the case of stock splits, stock dividends, combinations of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. Subject to limited exceptions, holders of shares of PIPE Preferred Stock will not have the right to convert any portion of their Preferred Stock if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of (or up to at the election of the holder) of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to its conversion. Holders of PIPE Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive dividends on shares of PIPE Preferred Stock equal, on an as-if-converted-to-common stock basis, and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the common stock. Except as otherwise required by law, the PIPE Preferred Stock does not have voting rights. The Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with the purchasers requiring the Company to register the resale of the shares of common stock, the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and the shares issuable upon the conversion of the PIPE Preferred Stock. Placement Fees In connection with offerings completed by the Company in 2022, (the "2022 Offerings"), the Company entered into an agreement with a placement agent that, subject to satisfaction of the requirements contained therein, called for a placement fee payable based on capital raised from certain investors for a definitive time following the expiration of the agreement. The accrued placement fee of approximately million related to the 2022 Offerings is included in accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. Additionally, the agreement called for the issuance of warrants with the following terms: years years 31 Table of Contents September 2024 Public Offering On September 3, 2024, in connection with the September Public Offering (see Note 1), the Company sold an aggregate of Common Stock Units and Pre-Funded Warrant Units at a public offering price of per Common Stock Unit and per Pre-Funded Warrant Unit. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately million less underwriting discounts and commissions of million, resulting in net proceeds of million. Each Common Stock Unit consists of: (i) one share of the Company's Common Stock, (ii) a Series H Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share that expires six months from the date of issuance, (iii) a Series I Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share that expires eighteen months from the date of issuance, and (iv) a Series J Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share that expires five years from the date of issuance. Each Pre-Funded Warrant Unit consists of: (i) a Pre-Funded Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share with no expiration date, (ii) one Series H Warrant, (iii) one Series I Warrant (iv) and one Series J Warrant. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted the Representative a 45-day Overallotment Option to purchase up to (i) additional shares of Common Stock, (ii) additional Series H Warrants, (iii) additional Series I Warrants, and/or (iv) additional Series J Warrants, solely to cover over-allotments. On August 30, 2024, the Underwriters partially exercised the Overallotment Option to purchase an additional shares of Common Stock, Series H Warrants, Series I Warrants, and Series J Warrants, or Common Stock Units. The Common Stock Units issued through the exercise of the Overallotment Option are included in the Common Stock Units noted above. The Overallotment Option expires on October 14, 2024, and is not expected to be exercised. The remaining balance of the Overallotment Option is not material to the condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024. Furthermore, at the closing date, the Company agreed to deliver warrants to purchase an aggregate number of shares of Common Stock equal to 6 of the shares of Common Stock (i) issued in connection with the September 2024 Public Offering and (ii) issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants. Therefore, the Company issued warrants to the Representative and its designees (the Representative Warrants ). The Representative Warrants are part of the underwriter costs and commissions incurred in connection with the September 2024 Public Offering. The Representative Warrants may be exercised to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share and expires five years from the date of issuance. Each Series H Warrant, Series I Warrant, Series J Warrant (collectively, the Series Warrants ), and Pre-Funded Warrant is immediately exercisable. The exercise price of the Series Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of recapitalization events, stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications, reorganizations or similar events affecting the Company s Common Stock. Subject to limited exceptions, a holder of the Series Warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion of its Series Warrants if the holder (together with such holder s affiliates) would beneficially own a number of shares of common stock in excess of 4.99 of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ). Similarly, a holder of the Pre-Funded Warrants has a Beneficial Ownership Limitation of 9.99 . At the holder s option, the holder of the Series Warrants may increase the beneficial ownership limitation to 19.99 of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding, with any such increase becoming effective upon 61 days prior notice to the Company. The Representative Warrants are exercisable after six months from the effective date of the Registration Statement filed by the Company on August 29, 2024. The Representative Warrants further have a Beneficial Ownership Limitation of , which may be increased to of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding at the option of the Representative. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will become effective upon 61 days prior notice to the Company. The Company assessed the Series Warrants, Pre-Funded Warrants, and Representative Warrants issued in connection with the September 2024 Public Offering (collectively, the September 2024 Warrants and determined that they do not require liability classification pursuant to ASC 480. Furthermore, the September 2024 Warrants do not have any net cash settlement provisions that would preclude equity classification under ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the September 2024 Warrants were recorded to additional paid-in capital in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 32 Table of Contents Issued Exercised Expired Warrants outstanding, September 30, 2024 33 Table of Contents May 2020 Placement Agent Warrants August 2020 Warrants August 2020 Placement Agent Warrants August 2021 Pharos Banker Warrants February 2022 Series B Warrants July 2022 Series C Warrants January 2023 Series E Warrants March 2023 Series F Warrants March 2023 Series G Warrants September 2024 Pre-Funded Warrants None September 2024 Series H Warrants September 2024 Series I Warrants September 2024 Series J Warrants September 2024 Representative Warrants As of September 30, 2024, the warrants issued by the Company had a weighted average exercise price of . million, . Series X Convertible Preferred Stock has no voting rights prior to the conversion into common stock. While there are generally no voting rights of the Series X Convertible Preferred Stock, there are protective rights regarding the sales of the company, change of control, etc. Series X Preferred Stock may convert into common stock only if the Company s common stock has been delisted from the NYSE American or has been approved for initial listing on the NYSE American or another stock exchange, at a rate of shares of common stock for each share of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock. Other than dividends payable in shares of Common Stock, Holders of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock equal, on an as-if-converted-to-common stock basis, and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of Common Stock. Upon consummation of the Merger, each holder of Old Catheter convertible promissory notes received, in exchange for discharge of the principal of his or its Notes, a number of shares of the Company's Series X Convertible Preferred Stock representing a potential right to convert into the Company's common stock in an amount equal to one common share for each of principal amount. 34 Table of Contents shares of common stock upon the conversion of .581 of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock which were issued upon the closing of the Merger, see Note 3, Business Combination. On March 23, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock upon the conversion of .905 of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock. On October 24, 2023, the remaining shares of common stock were issued upon the conversion of .676 shares of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock. . Series A Convertible Preferred Stock As described in Note 13, on January 9, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement for a Private Placement with the Investor. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were issued, the conversion of which was approved at the Stockholders Meeting. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock converts into common stock at the option of the holder at the Preferred Conversion Rate, subject to certain ownership limitations as described below. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the case of stock splits, stock dividends, combinations of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. Subject to limited exceptions, holders of shares of . Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock equal, on an as-if-converted-to-common stock basis, and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the common stock. Except as otherwise required by law, the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock does not have voting rights. The Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with the purchasers requiring the Company to register the shares of common stock, issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The shares have been registered for resale on an effective registration statement on Form S-1. The following conversions of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock occurred subsequent to the issuance and prior to September 30, 2024: July 24, 2023 January 24, 2024 July 1, 2024 July 11, 2024 July 22, 2024 July 23, 2024 Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into approximately 62.5 shares of common stock. The common stock was issued pursuant to the exemption contained in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), which applies to transactions in which a security is exchanged by an issuer with its existing security holders exclusively where no commission or other remuneration is paid or given directly or indirectly for soliciting such exchange. The shares issued have been registered for resale on an effective registration statement on Form S-1. 35 Table of Contents of their base earnings to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a price equal to of the fair market value on the first day of the offering period or the purchase date, whichever was lower. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP automatically increased on January 1 of each fiscal year by the lesser of (1) shares, (2) of the total number of shares outstanding on December 31 of the preceding fiscal year, or (3) such other amount as the Company s board of directors may determine. In April 2024, the Company formally terminated the ESPP. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, no cash was received from the exercise of purchase rights under the ESPP in each respective period. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had issued shares of common stock since inception of the ESPP, and no shares were reserved for future issuance. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had issued shares of common stock since inception of the ESPP, and shares were reserved for future issuance. Upon termination of the ESPP in April 2024, the reserved shares were released back to the authorized pool. 2020 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan In March 2020, the Company adopted the 2020 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan for the purpose of attracting, retaining and incentivizing employees in furtherance of the Company s success. The 2020 Plan was adopted without stockholder approval pursuant to Rule 303A.08 of the New York Stock Exchange. The 2020 Plan is used to offer equity awards as material inducements for new employees to join the Company. Upon adoption of the 2020 Plan, shares of common stock were reserved for the granting of inducement stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and other forms of equity awards. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, zero and shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the 2020 Plan. In April 2024, the Company terminated the 2020 Plan at which time the reserved shares were released back to the authorized pool. 36 Table of Contents shares of the Company s common stock Replacement Options ). Additionally, no Old Catheter options were amended in connection with the Merger. All the Replacement Options vested in accordance with the original terms of the grants in place at the time of the Merger. As a result, million of purchase price consideration, which represented the estimated fair value of Old Catheter s assumed stock options, and million of stock-based compensation expense, which represents the excess of the estimated fair value of the Replacement Options over the assumed Old Catheter stock options, were recognized upon the closing of the Merger. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan In July 2023, the Company s stockholders approved, the 2023 Plan, as defined above, which provided for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance-based stock awards and other forms of equity compensation to the Company s employees, directors and consultants. Stock options granted under the 2023 Plan to employees and consultants generally will vest annually over a five-year period or as determined by the Board s Compensation Committee, while grants to non-employee directors generally vest quarterly over a three-year period. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance pursuant to the 2023 Plan. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2023 Plan also includes a quarterly increase commencing on September 1, 2023 by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the number equal to the number of shares of common stock outstanding on the applicable adjustment date less the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the beginning of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the adjustment date, but if such number is a negative number, then the increase will be zero; or (ii) such lesser number of shares as may be determined by the Board. On January 8, 2024, the Board approved the issuance of a total of non-qualified stock options under the 2023 Plan. of these non-qualified options were issued to non-employee directors that and expiration date of January 8, 2034 . The remaining non-qualified options were issued to employees and consultants and and expiration date of January 8, 2034 . On February 26, 2024, the Board approved the issuance of a total of incentive stock options under the 2023 Plan. All options were issued to employees and and expiration date of February 26, 2034 . On April 24, 2024, the Board approved the issuance of a total of incentive stock options under the 2023 Plan. All options were issued to employees and and expiration date of April 24, 2034 . On July 9, 2024, the Board approved the issuance of a total of incentive stock options under the 2023 Plan. All options were issued to employees and and expiration date of July 9, 2034 . 37 Table of Contents thousand using the Black-Scholes model based on the following assumptions on the date of issue: Volatility Expected dividend yield Expected life (in years) Non-Plan Options Issued On April 24, 2024, the Board approved the issuance of a total of Non-Plan Options as an employment incentive for the position of Chief Commercial Officer. The options were issued on May 1, 2024, the first day of employment and . The non plan options issued were valued at approximately thousand using the Black-Scholes model based on the following assumptions on the date of issue: Volatility Expected dividend yield Expected life (in years) The following is a summary of stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Options exercised Options granted Cancelled/forfeited Outstanding at September 30, 2024 .00 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 .00 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 Restricted Stock Units All restricted stock units have been forfeited or vested as of December 31, 2023. 38 Table of Contents thousand and thousand, respectively, in selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was thousand and million respectively, in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. Total unrecognized estimated stock-based compensation expense by award type and the remaining weighted average recognition period over which such expense is expected to be recognized at September 30, 2024 was as follows: Restricted stock awards Restricted stock units 39 Table of Contents of each employee s contribution up to and of contributions between and , with the match-eligible contribution limited to of the employee s eligible compensation. The Company cancelled the 401(k) Plan effective March 10, 2023 and distributed all assets held by the 401(k) Plan to the participants. The Company had no expenses related to the matching contributions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. million of Old Catheter s Convertible Promissory Notes, or the Notes, that were converted in the Old Catheter merger into .251 shares of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock (see Note 3, Business Combination, and Note 14, Preferred Stock). In consideration for forgiving the interest accrued but remaining unpaid under the Notes in an aggregate amount of approximately million, Mr. Jenkins and his affiliates also received royalty rights equal to approximately 12 of the net sales, if any, of LockeT, commencing upon the first commercial sale and through December 31, 2035 (see Note 10, Royalties Payable). In addition to the shares described above that were issued in connection with the Notes, . In connection with the Merger (see Note 3, Business Combination), the Company assumed million of accrued expenses and advances, of which million was due to Mr. Jenkins and was paid on January 10, 2023. Mr. Jenkins daughter, the Company s non-executive Chief Operating Officer, received options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock upon the closing of the merger in exchange for her options to purchase shares of Old Catheter common stock, converted based on the exchange ratio in the merger. Of the total options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, options have an exercise price of per share, and the remaining options have an exercise price of per share. Margrit Thomassen, the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer, received options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock upon the closing of the merger in exchange for her options to purchase shares of Old Catheter common stock, converted based on the exchange ratio in the merger. The options have an exercise price of per share. In January 2024, she received an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock under the 2023 Plan. The options have an exercise price of per share, vest at per year for years and . Following stockholder approval on March 21, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to Mr. Jenkins and affiliates upon . On May 1, 2024, Marie-Claude Jacques, the Company s Chief Commercial Officer, received a non-plan option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The options have an exercise price of per share, vest at per year for years and . During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into various short-term promissory notes with various related parties (the Related Party Notes ). These Related Party Notes had a maturity date of and interest rates of per annum. On August 23, 2024, the Notes were amended to extend the maturity date to and increase the interest rate to per annum effective August 31, 2024. See Note 9, Notes Payable for further information. 40 Table of Contents FatBoy Capital FatBoy Capital FatBoy Capital Jenkins Family Charitable Institute On September 3, 2024, the Jenkins Family Charitable Institute also invested approximately in the Company s public offering and received shares of common stock; pre funded warrants with an exercise price of and no expiration date; Series H Warrants with an exercise price of per share that ; Series I Warrants with an exercise price of per share that ; and Series J Warrants with an exercise price of per share that . to per share. Following the closing of the 2024 Inducement Offer, such holders immediately exercised an aggregate of . In consideration for the immediate exercise of the Existing Warrants for cash, the Company issued unregistered new Series K Common Stock Purchase Warrants Series K Warrants to purchase up to a number of shares equal to 200 of the number of shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of the Existing Warrants. The Series K Warrants have an exercise price of per share, following stockholder approval, and are not exercisable until such approval is obtained. As additional consideration, . The Company received aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million in cash from the exercise of the Existing Warrants pursuant to the 2024 Inducement Offer, prior to deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses of million. As of the date of the 2024 Inducement Offer, Series H and Series I warrants remained unexercised. Prior to the repricing and execution of the 2024 Inducement Offer, the Company received additional gross proceeds of approximately million from the exercise of Series H Warrants and Series I Warrants in accordance with their original terms (as summarized below). Issuance of Securities from Warrant Exercises Aside from the common stock issued in connection with the 2024 Warrant Inducement Offer, the Company also issued common stock in connection with the following exercises of warrants (in thousands): September 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant September 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant September 2024 Series H Warrant September 2024 Series I Warrant September 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant 41 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or Quarterly Report, contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available. This section should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this report. The statements contained in this Quarterly Report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as believe, anticipate, may, might, can, could, continue, depends, expect, expand, forecast, intend, predict, plan, rely, should, will, may, seek, or the negative of these terms or and other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. These statements include, but are not limited to, our expectations regarding CE Mark approval for LockeT. You should read these statements carefully because they discuss future expectations, contain projections of future results of operations or financial condition, or state other forward-looking information. These statements relate to our future plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and financial performance and the assumptions that underlie these statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including, but not limited to, those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. These risks include, but are not limited to, that: our ability to obtain CE Mark approval for LockeT is subject to the discretion of EU regulators, and they may require additional information from us or that we conduct additional studies or trials that we may not be able to easily or cost effectively provide or complete, we will be required to raise additional funds to finance our operations and continue as a going concern, and we may not be able to do so when necessary, and/or the terms of any financings may not be advantageous to us, our business has a history of losses, will incur additional losses, and may never achieve profitability, we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and these material weaknesses could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner, compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 could have a material adverse impact on our business, we will not be able to reach profitability unless we are able to achieve our product expansion and growth goals; our VIVO launch plans require significant investment in infrastructure and sales representatives, our research and development and commercialization efforts may depend on entering into agreements with corporate collaborators, we have entered into joint marketing agreements with respect to our products, and may enter into additional joint marketing agreements, that will reduce our revenues from product sales, royalty agreements with respect to LockeT, the surgical vessel closing pressure device, will reduce any future profits from this product, if we experience significant disruptions in our information technology systems, our business may be adversely affected, litigation and other legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, if we make acquisitions or divestitures, we could encounter difficulties that harm our business, failure to attract and retain sufficient qualified personnel could also impede our growth, our revenues may depend on our customers receipt of adequate reimbursement from private insurers and government sponsored healthcare programs, we may be unable to compete successfully with companies in our highly competitive industry, many of whom have substantially greater resources than we do, our future operating results depend upon our ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable terms or according to schedules, prices, quality and volumes that are acceptable to us, and suppliers may fail to deliver components, or we may be unable to manage these components effectively or obtain these components on such terms, if hospitals, physicians and patients do not accept our current and future products or if the market for indications for which any product candidate is approved is smaller than expected, we may be unable to generate significant revenue, if any, a variety of risks associated with marketing our products internationally could materially adversely affect our business, the impact of the military conflicts in Ukraine and Israel, and the actions that have been and could be taken by other countries, including new and stricter sanctions and actions taken in response to such sanctions, have affected, and may continue to affect, our business and results of operations, including our supply chain, if the third parties on which we rely for the conduct of our clinical trials and results do not perform our clinical trial activities in accordance with good clinical practices and related regulatory requirements, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates, we may be adversely affected by product liability claims, unfavorable court decisions or legal settlements, our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited, we may have to make milestone payments under the Settlement Agreement we entered into with the Department of Justice DOJ ), we are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies. Our products may be subject to additional recalls, revocations or suspensions after receiving FDA or foreign approval or clearance, which could divert managerial and financial resources, harm our reputation, and adversely affect our business, changes in trade policies among the United States U.S. and other countries, in particular the imposition of new or higher tariffs, could place pressure on our average selling prices as our customers seek to offset the impact of increased tariffs on their own products, increased tariffs or the imposition of other barriers to international trade could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and operating results, product clearances and approvals can often be denied or significantly delayed, although we have obtained regulatory clearance for our VIVO and LockeT products in the U.S. and certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, our business plans include expanding uses for our products, which will require additional clearances; and even after clearance is obtained, our products remain subject to extensive regulatory scrutiny, if we or our suppliers fail to comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation, or QSR, or any applicable state equivalent, our operations could be interrupted, and our potential product sales and operating results could suffer, our products may be subject to additional recalls, revocations or suspensions after receiving FDA or foreign approval or clearance, which could divert managerial and financial resources, harm our reputation, and adversely affect our business, if any of our products cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury, or malfunction in certain ways, we will be required to report under applicable medical device reporting regulations, which can result in voluntary corrective actions or agency enforcement actions, healthcare reform initiatives and other administrative and legislative proposals may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in our key markets, and if we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our products, our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our existing products and any products we may develop, and our technology may be adversely affected. 42 Table of Contents These forward-looking statements reflect our beliefs and views with respect to future events and are based on estimates and assumptions as of the date of this Quarterly Report and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. This Quarterly Report also contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for certain diseases, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market, and other data from reports, research surveys, studies, and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data, and similar sources. References to we , us , our and the Company refer to Catheter Precision, Inc. Overview Catheter Precision, Inc. ("Catheter" or the "Company) was incorporated in California on September 4, 2002, and reincorporated in Delaware in July 2018. Catheter was initially formed to develop, commercialize, and market its advanced excimer laser-based platform for use in the treatment of vascular and dermatological immune-mediated inflammatory diseases. On January 9, 2023, the Company merged with the former Catheter Precision, Inc., or Old Catheter , a privately-held Delaware corporation (the Merger ), and the business of Old Catheter became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, which today is our only operating subsidiary. Following the Merger, we discontinued the Company s legacy lines of business and the use of any of its DABRA-related assets. For further information about these historical lines of business, see Item 1. Business of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Since the Merger, we have shifted the focus of our operations to Old Catheter s product lines. Accordingly, our current activities primarily relate to Old Catheter s historical business which comprises the design, manufacture and sale of new and innovative medical technologies focused in the field of cardiac electrophysiology, or EP. 43 Table of Contents One of our two primary products is the View into Ventricular Onset VIVO or VIVO System ). VIVO is a non-invasive imaging system that offers 3D cardiac mapping to help with localizing the sites of origin of idiopathic ventricular arrhythmias in patients with structurally normal hearts prior to EP procedures. Our newest product, LockeT, is a suture retention device indicated for wound healing by distributing suture tension over a larger area in the patient in conjunction with a figure of eight suture closure. LockeT is intended to temporarily secure sutures and aid clinicians in locating and removing sutures efficiently. Our product portfolio also includes the Amigo Remote Catheter System, or Amigo, a robotic arm that serves as a catheter control device. Prior to 2018, Old Catheter marketed Amigo. We own the intellectual property related to Amigo, and this product is under consideration for future research and development of a generation 2 product. Pre-Merger Operations The Company owns intellectual property related to an advanced excimer laser-based platform for use in the treatment of vascular immune-mediated inflammatory diseases. The Destruction of Arteriosclerotic Blockages by laser Radiation Ablation, laser and single-use catheter, together referred to as the DABRA Excimer Laser System or DABRA, was developed as a tool in the treatment of Peripheral Artery Disease which commonly occurs in the legs. The Company also previously marketed the Pharos laser which was used to treat proliferative skin conditions. The Company completed the sale of its Pharos laser business, or Dermatology Business, to STRATA Skin Sciences, Inc. on August 16, 2021. In June 2022, the board of directors reviewed strategic alternatives, and as a result, the Company paused all engineering activities related to DABRA in June 2022. The Company ceased marketing the DABRA Excimer Laser System and does not currently intend to commercialize the DABRA 2.0 catheter. Post-Merger Operations Looking forward, we do not expect to use our legacy DABRA-related assets or continue the Company's legacy lines of business, but instead have shifted the focus of our operations to Old Catheter s product lines. Accordingly, our current activities primarily relate to Old Catheter s historical business, which comprises the design, manufacture and sale of new and innovative medical technologies focused in the field of cardiac electrophysiology, or EP. One of our two primary products is the VIVO System. We are focused on the design, market development and usage adoption of our VIVO System by cardiac electrophysiologists to enhance their ability to diagnose and treat cardiac arrhythmias. We have completed development, received regulatory clearance, and initiated sales of the VIVO System in the U.S., Europe EU and the Middle East. Our business strategy is to become a leading medical imaging company in the field of cardiac electrophysiology, and we are dedicated to developing and delivering electrophysiology products to provide patients, hospitals, and physicians with novel technologies and solutions to improve the lives of patients with cardiac arrhythmias. We aim to establish VIVO as an integral tool used by cardiac electrophysiologists during ablation treatment of ventricular arrhythmias by reducing procedure time and patient complications and increasing procedural success. We have received FDA clearance to market and promote the VIVO System in the U.S. as a pre-procedure planning tool for patients with structurally normal hearts undergoing ablation treatment for idiopathic ventricular arrhythmias. VIVO allows for the acquisition, analysis, display and storage of cardiac electrophysiological data and maps for analysis by a physician. We began a limited commercial launch of VIVO in 2021 and to date, VIVO has been utilized in more than 1,000 procedures in the U.S. and EU by over 30 physicians, with no reported device-related complications. 44 Table of Contents We have been cleared to label the VIVO System with the CE Mark in the EU and certain other countries. The CE Mark designation, which affirms the product s conformity with European health, safety, and environmental protection standards, allows us to market that product in countries that are members of the EU and the European Free Trade Association. Catheter has commenced limited sales of the VIVO System in Europe and the UK through independent distributors. Catheter s international distributors are supported by two EU based full time consultants. In addition, our newest product is LockeT, a suture retention device. LockeT is indicated for wound healing by distributing suture tension over a larger area in the patient in conjunction with a figure of eight suture closure, and it is intended to temporarily secure sutures and aid clinicians in locating and removing sutures efficiently. LockeT is a sterile Class I product that was registered with the FDA in February 2023, at which time we began initial shipments to distributors. In May 2024, we recognized our first sale of LockeT. In May 2023, Catheter submitted LockeT for CE Mark approval. CE Mark approval is expected in March 2025, at which time initial international shipments to distributors will begin. In September 2024, we received notification of the issuance of our first LockeT patent in the country of China and we also completed a Middle East distribution agreement for LockeT. Clinical studies for LockeT began during the year ended December 31, 2023. The three phases of the current studies are planned to show the product s effectiveness and benefits, including faster wound closure, earlier ambulation, potentially leading to early hospital discharge, and lower costs for the healthcare provider and/or insurance payor. This data is intended to provide crucial data for marketing and to expand our indications for use with the FDA. Recent Developments September 2024 Public Offering On August 30, 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement to issue and sell in a public offering (i) 347,277 Common Stock Units, priced at a public offering price of 1.00 per unit, with each unit consisting of (a) one share of Common Stock, (b) one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share that expires on the six month anniversary of the date of issuance (a Series H Warrant ), (c) one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share that expires on the eighteenth month anniversary of the date of issuance (a Series I Warrant ), and (d) one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share that expires on the five year anniversary of the date of issuance (a Series J Warrant ), and (ii) 2,773,000 Pre-Funded Warrant Units, priced at a public offering price of 0.9999 per unit, with each unit consisting of (a) one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.0001 per share that has no expiration date (a Pre-Funded Warrant ), (b) one Series H Warrant, (c) one Series I Warrant, and (d) one Series J Warrant. In addition to the securities described above, the Company granted the underwriter a 45-day Overallotment Option to purchase up to (i) 468,041 additional shares of Common Stock, (ii) 468,041 additional Series H Warrants, (iii) 468,041 additional Series I Warrants, and/or (iv) 468,041 additional Series J Warrants, solely to cover over-allotments. On August 30, 2024, the Underwriters partially exercised the Overallotment Option to purchase an additional 458,623 shares of Common Stock, 458,623 Series H Warrants, 458,623 Series I Warrants, and 458,623 Series J Warrants. In the aggregate, the Company issued and sold (i) 805,900 Common Stock Units, (ii) 2,773,000 Pre-Funded Warrant Units, and (iii) 214,734 warrants that were issued as part of the underwriter s compensation, which have an exercise price of 1.55, are not exercisable until March 1, 2025 and expire on August 29, 2029. The public offering closed on September 3, 2024. The net proceeds to the Company, after deducting the underwriting discount, commissions, and management fee and offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately 2.6 million. Debt Modification Between May 30, 2024 and July 25, 2024, the Company issued five short-term promissory notes to related parties totaling 1.5 million with an 8 interest rate and a maturity date of August 30, 2024. On August 23, 2024, the Company amended the promissory notes to extend the maturity date to January 31, 2026. As part of the amendment, all interest accrued as of the amendment date was repaid to the notes holders and the contractual interest rate increased to 12 per annum as of the amendment date. The modified terms and conditions were not substantially different from the original terms and conditions, and the Company applied modification accounting, which resulted in the new carrying amount of the debt being equal to the remaining principal balance of the old debt. The previously outstanding accrued interest through August 30, 2024 was repaid in accordance with the terms of the amendment. 45 Table of Contents Issuance of Securities from Warrant Exercises Aside from the common stock issued in connection with the 2024 Warrant Inducement Offer, the Company also issued common stock in connection with the following exercises of warrants (in thousands): Name of Warrant Exercise Date Issue Date Shares Common Stock Issued Number of Warrants Exercised Proceeds September 2024 Pre Funded 10/3/2024 10/4/2024 250,000 250,000 September 2024 Pre Funded 10/16/2024 10/16/2024 196,000 196,000 September 2024 Pre Funded 10/18/2024 10/21/2024 434,000 434,000 September 2024 Series H 10/18/2024 10/21/2024 1,010,000 1,010,000 1,010 September 2024 Series I 10/18/2024 10/21/2024 175,000 175,000 175 September 2024 Pre-Funded 10/29/2024 10/29/2024 235,000 235,000 Reverse Stock Split On July 3, 2024, at the annual meeting of shareholders of the Company, the shareholders approved an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Amendment which included a decrease in the authorized common stock and authorization for the Board, in its discretion, to effect a reverse stock split within specified parameters. The Amendment was effective July 15, 2024, reducing the authorized common stock to 30 million shares and effecting a reverse stock split in which each ten (10) shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time automatically combined into one (1) validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. No fractional shares were issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. Stockholders who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fractional share were entitled to receive their pro rata portion of the net proceeds obtained from the aggregation and sale by the exchange agent of the fractional shares resulting from the reverse stock split (reduced by any customary brokerage fees, commissions and other expenses). The financial statements and all share and per share information contained in this Form 10-Q have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split of the Company s common stock for all periods presented. Expansion of Sales Force Beginning in the first quarter of 2024, we began to rejuvenate our sales force with plans to engage a new Chief Commercial Officer ("CCO"). As of November 2024, the sales force is placed fully in service and ten sales people and three clinical support staff have been hired, along with the new CCO. Settlement Agreements with the Department of Justice and Participating States On December 28, 2020, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the U.S., acting through the Department of Justice ("DOJ") and on behalf of the Office of Inspector General, and other settlement agreements with certain state attorneys general (collectively the "Settlement Agreements"), to resolve investigations and a related civil action concerning its marketing of the DABRA laser system and DABRA-related remuneration to certain physicians. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreements, if the Company was acquired or was otherwise involved in a change in control transaction (as defined in the Settlement Agreements) before the end of 2024, the Company was required to pay a settlement amount of 5.0 million. As a result of the Merger, the Company made payments of 4.7 million and 0.3 million to the DOJ and participating states, respectively, in February 2023. Additional contingent payments may be required in the future if certain revenue milestones are achieved. However, no liability has been recorded for additional payments based on the Company s determination that additional future payments are not probable at this time. 46 Table of Contents Warrant Inducement Offers On January 9, 2023, we reduced the exercise price of certain existing warrants, exercisable for 33,161 shares of the Company's common stock held by a certain investor (the Investor ), with exercise prices ranging from 140 to 5,265 per share to 40 per share, or the Warrant Repricing. In connection with the Warrant Repricing, we entered into a warrant inducement offer letter (the Inducement Letter ), with the Investor pursuant to which it would exercise up to all of the 33,161 existing warrants (the Inducement Offer ). In consideration for exercising the existing warrants pursuant to the terms of the Inducement Letter, we received approximately 1.3 million in gross proceeds. We paid the placement agent aggregate cash fees of approximately 0.2 million related to the Inducement Offer which represented 8.0 of the gross proceeds received from the Inducement Offer plus other offering costs. In consideration for exercising the existing warrants pursuant to the terms of the Inducement Letter, we issued the Investor a new Series E common stock purchase warrant Series E Warrant ), to purchase 33,161 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 40 per share. The Series E Warrant is exercisable for five years from the date of stockholder approval. Exercise of the Series E Warrant in full was approved by the Company's stockholders at the special Stockholders Meeting held on March 21, 2023. The incremental fair value of the repriced warrants amounted to 0.3 million and the fair value of Series E warrant totaled 1.9 million. The relative fair values of such amounts were recorded to additional paid-in capital concurrent with the exercise of the existing warrants. We registered the shares of common stock underlying the Series E Warrant for resale in February 2023. On October 24, 2024, we entered into Warrant Inducement Offer Letters (the 2024 Inducement Offer with certain holders of the Company s existing warrants. Following the closing of the 2024 Inducement Offer, such warrant holders immediately exercised up to an aggregate of (i) 33,160.8 Series E Warrants, (ii) 499,909.34 Series F Warrants, (iii) 499,909.34 Series G Warrants, (iv) 1,990,000 Series H Warrants, and (v) 2,325,000 Series I Warrants to purchase up to approximately 5.3 million shares of the Company s Common Stock at a reduced exercise price of 0.70 per share. In consideration for the immediate exercise of the existing warrants for cash, the Company agreed to issue unregistered new Series K Common Stock Purchase Warrants Series K Warrants to purchase up to 10.7 million shares of common stock. We received aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 3.7 million in cash from the exercise of these warrants pursuant to the 2024 Inducement Offer, prior to deducting placement agent fees and offering expense of 0.4 million. Due to beneficial ownership blockers we have issued 2,251,981 shares of common stock and 3,096,000 outstanding pre-funded warrants related to the 2024 Inducement Offer as of November 1, 2024. The Series K Warrants are not exercisable unless and until we obtain stockholder approval of their exercise. In connection with the 2024 Inducement Offer, we repriced all outstanding Series H and Series I Warrants to 0.70 per share, including those that were not exercised. As partial consideration to the placement agent, we issued placement agent warrants to purchase up to 320,879 shares of common stock on substantially the same terms as the Series K warrants, except the exercise price is 1.085 per share and they have a termination date of October 28, 2029. Securities Purchase Agreement On January 9, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the "Securities Purchase Agreement"), for a private placement (the "Private Placement"), with the Investor. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, on March 23, 2023, the Investor purchased, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 8.0 million, (a) 497,908 Class A Units at a price of 1.60029 per Class A Unit, each consisting of one tenth of one share of common stock, one tenth of one Series F Common Stock Purchase Warrant, or Series F Warrant, and one tenth of one Series G Common Stock Purchase Warrant, or Series G Warrant, and together with the Series F Warrant, the PIPE Warrants, and (b) 4,501,060 Class B Units at a price of 1,000 per unit, each consisting of one share of a new series of the Company s preferred stock, designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001, or the PIPE Preferred Stock, and one tenth of one Series F Warrant and one tenth of one Series G Warrant for each share of the Company s common stock underlying the PIPE Preferred Stock, each share of which is convertible into approximately 62.5 shares of the Company s common stock (the Preferred Conversion Rate ). The closing under the Securities Purchase Agreement and the sale and issuance of the Class A Units and Class B Units (and the issuance of any underlying common stock) was approved at the special Stockholders Meeting held March 21, 2023. We paid placement agent aggregate cash fees plus other offering costs of approximately 0.2 million related to the Inducement Offer, resulting in net proceeds of 1.1 million. 47 Table of Contents The PIPE Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of 30 per share, subject to adjustments as provided under the terms of the PIPE Warrants. The PIPE Warrants are exercisable at any time until the expiration thereof, except that the PIPE Warrants cannot be exercised if, after giving effect thereto, the purchaser would beneficially own more than 4.99 (the Maximum Percentage ), of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, which Maximum Percentage may be increased or decreased by the purchaser with written notice to the Company to any other percentage specified not in excess of 9.99 . The Series F Warrants have a term of two years from the date of stockholder approval, and the Series G Warrants have a term of six years from the date of stockholder approval. Stockholder approval of the Series F Warrants and Series G Warrants was obtained at the special Stockholders Meeting held on March 21, 2023. Shares of PIPE Preferred Stock, the conversion of which was approved at the special Stockholders Meeting held on March 21, 2023, convert into common stock at the option of the holder at the Preferred Conversion Rate, subject to certain ownership limitations as described below. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the case of stock splits, stock dividends, combinations of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. Subject to limited exceptions, holders of shares of PIPE Preferred Stock do not have the right to convert any portion of their Preferred Stock if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to its conversion. Holders of PIPE Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends on shares of PIPE Preferred Stock equal, on an as-if-converted-to-common stock basis, and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the common stock. Except as otherwise required by law, the PIPE Preferred Stock does not have voting rights. However, as long as any shares of PIPE Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the PIPE Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the PIPE Preferred Stock, (b) alter or amend the Certificate of Designation for the PIPE Preferred Stock, (c) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders of PIPE Preferred Stock, (d) increase the number of authorized shares of PIPE Preferred Stock, or (e) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. The PIPE Preferred Stock does not have a preference upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company. The holders of PIPE Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company the same amount that a holder of the Company s common stock would receive if the PIPE Preferred Stock were fully converted (disregarding for such purposes any conversion limitations) to the Company s common stock, which amounts will be paid pari passu with all holders of the Company s common stock. The Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with the purchasers requiring the Company to register the resale of the shares of its common stock, the shares issuable upon exercise of the PIPE Warrants and the shares issuable upon the conversion of the PIPE Preferred Stock. These registration statements were declared effective in April 2023. The net proceeds from the Private Placement and the Warrant Repricing have been used to advance the development and commercialization of our novel electrophysiology technologies and solutions and to support general corporate purposes. Conversion of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock On March 21, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Stockholders Meeting ), at which the stockholders approved, among other things, the issuance of 199,359 shares of common stock upon conversion of 1,993.581 shares of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock which were issued upon the closing of the Merger (see Note 3, Business Combination of our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). On March 23, 2023, the Company issued 197,491 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 1,974.905 shares of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock. On October 24, 2023, the remaining 1,868 shares of common stock were issued upon the conversion of 18.676 shares of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock. As of September 30, 2024, 12,656.011 shares of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock remain outstanding. These shares will convert up to 1,265,601 shares of common stock, only if the Company meets the initial listing standards of the NYSE American or another national securities exchange or is delisted from the NYSE American. 48 Table of Contents Issuance of Securities upon Conversion of Series A Preferred The following conversions of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock occurred subsequent to issuance: Conversion Date Shares Common Stock Issued Shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Converted 7/3/2023 109,355 1,750 7/24/2023 54,678 875 1/24/2024 54,678 875 7/1/2024 81,423 1,303 7/11/2024 62,489 1,000 7/22/2024 62,500 1,000 7/24/2024 25,000 400 Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into approximately 62.5 shares of common stock. All series A Convertible Preferred Stock has been converted and no shares are outstanding subsequent to the last conversion on July 24, 2024. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan On July 11, 2023, we held an Annual Meeting where our stockholders approved the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan 2023 Plan that authorizes us to grant options, restricted stock and other equity-based awards. No issuance of options were granted under the 2023 Plan during the year ended December 31, 2023. In July 2024, the shareholders approved an additional 200,000 shares of common stock for issuance under the plan. As of September 30, 2024, options to purchase an aggregate of 53,709 shares were outstanding and 225,085 shares remain available for grant under the 2023 Plan. The number of shares available for grant under the 2023 Plan also includes a quarterly increase commencing on September 1, 2023 by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 10 of the number equal to the number of shares of common stock outstanding on the applicable adjustment date less the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the beginning of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the adjustment date, but if such number is a negative number, then the increase will be zero; or (ii) such lesser number of shares as may be determined by the Board. Components of our Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Revenues Product sales revenues prior to the Merger consisted of sales of catheters for use with the DABRA laser in our atherectomy clinical trials. After the Merger, our legacy DABRA laser is no longer in use and we have shifted the focus of our operations to Old Catheter s product lines. Accordingly, our current activities primarily relate to Old Catheter s historical business which comprises the design, manufacture and sale of new and innovative medical technologies focused in the field of cardiac electrophysiology, or EP. One of our two primary products in 2024 is the VIVO System. The VIVO System offers 3D cardiac mapping to help with localizing the sites of origin of idiopathic ventricular arrhythmias in patients with structurally normal hearts prior to electrophysiology studies. In addition to the VIVO System, customers are provided with VIVO Positioning Patch Sets, which are custom patches, that are used in conjunction with the VIVO System to complete the intended output of the VIVO System. The delivery of the VIVO System, including the VIVO Positioning Patch Sets, represents our primary performance obligation. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of the VIVO system. We also provide customers with the option to pay for software upgrades in advance at the time of the contract's inception. Software upgrades are stand-ready services, whereby we will provide software upgrade services to the customer when and as upgrades are available. Terms of the period covered by the payment of software upgrades in advance can range from one year to multiple years. Customers have the option to renew terms covered by software upgrades at the end of each term. The stand-ready software upgrades represent our second separate performance obligation and revenue is recognized over the term of the period. 49 Table of Contents We invoice the customers after physical possession and control of the VIVO System is transferred to the customer and recognize revenue upon delivery. The timing of payment for the corresponding invoices is dependent upon the credit terms identified in each contract. We invoice customers who pay for software upgrades in advance in conjunction with the invoice for the delivery of the VIVO System, and subsequent renewals of software upgrades are invoiced at the inception of the term. Revenue for these stand-ready services is recognized evenly over the term of the upgrade period, consistently with similar stand-ready services under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Similar to the delivery of the VIVO System, the timing of payment for the corresponding invoices is dependent upon the credit terms identified in each contract. We have elected the practical expedient to expense costs to obtain a contract, as incurred, as opposed to recognizing the cost as an asset upon occurrence. Our second primary product is LockeT. We recognize sales of LockeT at the point in time that the product is delivered to the customer. We are a business that has operations within multiple countries. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 35 and 52 , respectively, of our sales were derived from customers outside the United States. Cost of Revenues Cost of revenues for product sales consisted primarily of costs of components for use in our products, the labor used to produce our products, and the manufacturing overhead that supports production. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative ("SG A"), expenses consist of employee-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expenses. Other SG A expenses include amortization of intangible assets, professional services fees, including legal, audit and tax fees, insurance costs, general corporate expenses and facility-related expenses. Research and Development Expenses Research and development ("R D"), expenses are expensed as incurred and include the following: research grants paid to other parties; product development; cost of clinical studies to support new products and product enhancements, including expanded indications; supplies used for internal R D and clinical activities; and cost of outside consultants who assist with technology development and clinical affairs. Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 The following table sets forth the results of the Company's operations for the periods presented in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenues 96 133 (37 271 314 (43 Cost of revenues 10 6 4 31 23 8 Selling, general and administrative expenses 2,882 2,745 137 8,251 14,393 (6,142 Research and development expenses 63 112 (49 181 486 (305 Loss on impairment of goodwill 60,934 (60,934 Change in fair value of royalties payable (1,223 716 (1,949 (2,823 5,333 (8,156 Other income, net (1) (28 87 (115 286 (286 (1) Constitutes the operating activities within other income, net, except for the change in fair value of royalties payable component which is presented separately. 50 Table of Contents Revenues The decrease in revenues of approximately 37 thousand and 43 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year was due to lower product sales of the VIVO System products that was partially offset by our first LockeT product sales in 2024. LockeT sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately 62 thousand and 100 thousand. The decrease in VIVO System product sales was caused mainly by on hospital, who accounted for the most VIVO disposable sales in 2023 and place a large order in late 2023. Therefore, this hospital did not need to place additional orders prior to September 30, 2024, despite regular use of the product. In October 2024, this hospital placed an order of disposable VIVO patches totaling 30 thousand. Cost of Revenues The increase in cost of revenues of approximately 4 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year was due to order fulfillment charges that are now being incurred for LockeT. The increase in cost of revenues of approximately 8 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year was due to order fulfillment charges that are now being incurred for LockeT, offset by the lower cost of revenues of the VIVO Positioning Patches. During 2024 the manufacturing process was changed from 3D printing components of the VIVO Positioning Patches to the use of a more cost effective specialized mold. This new process also allowed for larger build quantities which in turn further reduced production costs and led to a reduction in the manufacturing cost of VIVO Positioning Patches of approximately 40 . Selling, General and Administrative Expenses The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of approximately 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year was due primarily to an increase in salaries and benefits of 0.6 million relating to the Company hiring additional sales force and a CCO, partially offset by a decrease in professional accounting, consulting, investor relations fees, and insurance services totaling 0.5 million. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses of approximately 6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year was due primarily to a decrease in legal fees of 2.1 million and a decrease in professional accounting fees of 1.1 million that were primarily incurred in connection with the Merger in 2023. Further, there was a decrease in salaries and benefits of 1.1 million, resulting from a 1.7 million decrease in costs related to the Company's former Chief Executive Officer s compensation, partially offset by a 0.6 increase in salaries and benefits for increasing other departmental headcount. Additionally, the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was impacted by a decrease in stock based compensation of 1.2 million relating to the one time stock compensation for Old Catheter stock options assumed in the Merger during 2023, an additional decrease of approximately 0.6 million in other consulting services, as a result of certain efforts being absorbed by internal employees, lower investor relations fees as a result of fewer 2024 year to date special stockholder meetings relative to the year to date 2023 period, and lower insurance premiums during the 2024 period. Research and Development Expenses The decrease in research and development expenses of approximately 49 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year was due primarily to a decrease in regulatory affairs related expenditures, product development costs, and clinical studies, as to which 89 thousand was incurred, partially offset by an increase of 40 thousand in consulting fees. The decrease in research and development expenses of approximately 0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year was primarily due to a decrease in salaries and benefits of 0.1 million, a decrease in product development costs of 0.1 million, and a decrease in regulatory affairs related expenditures of 0.1 million, partially offset by an increase in professional fees of 0.1 million. The net decreases were primarily the result of the discontinuation of the historical products of the Company that were previously under development. 51 Table of Contents Loss on Impairment of Goodwill We test for goodwill impairment at the reporting level annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if a change in circumstances or the occurrence of events indicates that potential impairment exists. As a result of the Merger with Old Catheter the Company recognized 60.9 million of goodwill. Due to a sustained decrease in our share price during 2023, we concluded that in accordance with ASC 350 a triggering event occurred indicating that potential impairment exists that required us to assess if impairment during 2023. In accordance with ASC 350 we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test, which resulted in the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeding its fair value, indicating that the goodwill of the reporting unit was impaired. We utilized a combination of an income and market approach to assess the fair value of the reporting unit during 2023. The income approach considered the discounted cash flow model, considering projected future cash flows (including timing and profitability), discount rate reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows, perpetual growth rate, and projected future economic and market conditions while the guideline public company market approach considered marketplace earnings multiples from within a peer public company group. We recorded the impairment charge of 0.0 million and 60.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 within loss on impairment of goodwill in the consolidated statement of operations. There was no remaining goodwill balance as of December 31, 2023. Change in Fair Value of Royalties Payable As of the date of the Merger, the royalties payable were calculated using a discounted cash flow method utilizing a discount rate of 24.1 . At each reporting period, the fair value of the royalties payable is calculated using the discounted cash flow method. At September 30, 2024, the discount rate was 20.0 . The change in fair value of the royalties payable for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year was a decrease of 1.9 million and 8.2 million, respectively. The change between the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is driven by the change in fair value of the royalties payable. Other Income, Net The decrease in other income (expense), net of approximately 0.1 million and 0.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year was primarily due to a decrease in investment income. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 1.3 million and an accumulated deficit of approximately 286.7 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used from operating activities was approximately 6.4 million. We have incurred recurring net losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities since inception. We received a total of 1.5 million of loans in Q2 and Q3 2024 that will become due and payable on January 31, 2026. We expect operating losses and negative cash flows to continue for the foreseeable future as we invest in our commercial capabilities. These negative cash flows and additional costs associated with the Merger paid during the year ended December 31, 2023 have substantially depleted our cash. Following the Merger with Old Catheter, we further reduced staff and other costs while assuming the operating costs of Old Catheter. Since the first quarter of 2024, we ve begun to rejuvenate our sales force and hired a CCO. We will continue to monitor our operating costs and seek to reduce our current liabilities. Such actions may impair our ability to proceed with certain strategic activities. We believe that our current cash on hand of 4.4 million as of November 1, 2024 will not be sufficient to fund our operations through the end of November 2025, including without limitation, to repay our outstanding short-term notes that will become due and payable on January 31, 2026. Because expected revenues are not adequate to fund our planned expenditures and anticipated operating costs and liabilities beyond such point, we are currently evaluating potential means of raising cash through future capital transactions and additional bridge loans. If we are unable to do so, we will be required to reduce our spending rate to align with expected revenue levels and cash reserves, although there can be no guarantee that we will be successful in doing so. Accordingly, we will likely be required to raise additional cash through debt or equity transactions and bridge loans to continue our operations and pay our debts as they come due, and if we are unable to do so, we will be required to suspend a portion or all of our operations and/or potentially seek relief from our creditors. We may not be able to secure financing in a timely manner or on favorable terms, if at all. 52 Table of Contents As a result of these factors, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year after the date the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 are issued. The Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 in thousands) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Net cash provided by (used in): 2024 2023 Operating activities (6,407 (18,730 Investing activities (67 (43 Financing activities 4,177 8,493 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (2,297 (10,280 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities of 6.4 million primarily consisted of a net loss of 11.0 million, partially offset by depreciation and amortization of 1.6 million, a change in fair value of royalties payable of 2.8 million, and an increase in non-cash changes in operating assets and liabilities of 0.2 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities of 18.7 million primarily consisted of a net loss of 69.9 million, a decrease in non-cash changes in operating assets and liabilities of 7.2 million, partially offset by non-cash expenses of 58.5 million, consisting primarily of a loss on impairment of goodwill of 60.9 million, non-cash stock-based compensation of 1.2 million, depreciation and amortization of 1.6 million, offset by a change in fair value of royalties payable of 5.3 million. Net Cash Used in Investing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities of 67 thousand consisted of purchases of property and equipment. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in investing activities of 43 thousand consisted of purchases of property and equipment of approximately 58 thousand, offset by proceeds from cash acquired as part of the Merger of approximately 15 thousand. Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities of 4.2 million primarily consisting of proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants of 2.6 million, proceeds from notes payable from related parties of 1.5 million, proceeds from notes payable of 0.3 million, partially offset by payments on notes payable of 0.2 million. The Recent Developments section describes our material financing activities that have occurred subsequent to September 30, 2024. 53 Table of Contents During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities of 8.5 million, consisted of cash proceeds from the private placement of 8.0 million, proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants of 0.2 million and proceeds from the exercise of warrants of 1.3 million, offset by the payment of offering costs of 0.6 million, the payment of costs related to the warrant repricing of 0.2 million and the payment of convertible promissory notes of 0.3 million. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not engage in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, as a part of our ongoing business. Accordingly, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements during any of the periods presented. The Company s Critical Accounting Estimates The information set forth below relates to the Company s critical accounting policies and estimates. The discussion and analysis of our financial position and results of operations is based on our interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We believe certain of our accounting policies are critical to understanding our financial position and results of operations. The preparation of these unaudited consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions for the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. We regularly evaluate estimates and assumptions related to business combinations, including the determination of the purchase price and related allocations to the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, provisions for legal contingencies, income taxes, deferred income tax asset valuation allowances, valuation of warranties liabilities, royalties payable, share based compensation and revenues. Our estimates are based on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such differences may be material. We believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to our financial condition and results of operations and require our most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. Accounting for Long-Lived Assets-Useful Lives Intangible assets acquired from business combinations are initially measured at their estimated fair values and are then amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Management evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred that indicate the remaining useful life or carrying value of the amortizing intangible should be revised and adjusted, if necessary. Should the sum of the undiscounted expected future net cash flows be less than the carrying value, the Company would recognize an impairment loss at that date. Stock-Based Compensation We calculate the cost of awards of equity instruments based on the grant date fair value of the option awards issued to employees, members of our board of directors and nonemployee consultants using the Black-Scholes option pricing valuation model, or Black-Scholes model, which incorporates various assumptions including volatility, expected term and risk-free interest rate. The expected term of the options is the estimated period of time until exercise and was determined using the SEC s safe harbor rules, using an average of vesting and contractual terms, as we did not have sufficient historical experience of similar awards. Expected stock price volatility is based on historical volatilities of certain guideline companies, as the Company does not have sufficient historical stock price data. The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent term. The estimated fair value of stock-based compensation awards is amortized on a straight-line basis over the relevant vesting period, adjusted for actual forfeitures at the time they occur. 54 Table of Contents Royalties Payable We are obligated to pay royalties under various royalty agreements Old Cather had entered into. On January 9, 2023, prior to the consummation of the Merger, Old Catheter entered in an agreement with its convertible promissory noteholders, which substantially consisted of amounts due to David A. Jenkins, previously Old Catheter's Chairman of the Board of Directors prior to the Merger, and, currently, the Company s Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, to forgive all accrued interest and future interest expense in exchange for a future royalty right. We will pay to the noteholders a total royalty equal to approximately 12 of net sales of LockeT, commencing upon the first commercial sale, through December 31, 2035. In addition, the Company finalized an Invention Assignment and Royalty Agreement (the "Royalty Agreement") that had previously been entered into by Old Catheter with the inventor of LockeT in exchange for the assignment and all rights to LockeT. Pursuant to the agreement, we will pay a 5 royalty on net sales up to 1 million in royalties. After 1 million has been paid, and if, and only if, a U.S. patent is granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, then we will continue to pay a royalty at a rate of 2 of LockeT net sales, until total cumulative royalties of 10 million have been paid. No further royalty payments will be due under this Royalty Agreement after December 31, 2033. During 2006 and 2007, Old Catheter entered into two investment grant agreements with a non-profit foundation for the purpose of funding the initial development of Old Catheter's AMIGO System. The agreement calls for the payment of sales-based royalties to the foundation, upon successful commercialization of the AMIGO System. We are not currently selling the AMIGO System. New Accounting Pronouncements In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2023-07 require disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker CODM and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, an amount and description of its composition for other segment items to reconcile to segment profit or loss, and the title and position of the entity s CODM. The amendments in this update also expand the interim segment disclosure requirements. These amendments do not change how a public entity identifies its operating segments, aggregates those operating segments, or applies the quantitative thresholds to determine its reportable segments. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted and the amendments in this update are required to be applied on a retrospective basis. The Company is currently reviewing the impact that the adoption of ASU 2023-07 may have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires public entities to disclose consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and for income taxes paid. It also includes certain other amendments to improve the effectiveness of income tax disclosures. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company is required to adopt this standard prospectively in fiscal year 2025 for the annual reporting period ending December 31, 2025. The accounting pronouncement is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's related disclosures. 55 Table of Contents ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as of September 30, 2024. Our objective in designing our disclosure controls and procedures is that they provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives of ensuring that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures, and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their desired control objectives, and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based upon this evaluation, due to the existence of the material weaknesses found in our internal controls over financial reporting described below, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. As disclosed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Forms 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, for the reasons set forth therein, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer had previously concluded our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. The Company has developed a plan to remediate the internal control weaknesses that were previously identified and we continue to make progress to implement the plan. The plan includes a change in the Company s Chief Financial Officer, hiring additional accounting staff and changing the third-party technical accounting consultants. The material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting related to our control environment that were previously identified are described below. Specifically, we identified material weaknesses with respect to (1) the lack of segregation of duties, (2) the lack of designed and operating review controls with respect to oversight of the financial reporting process, (3) errors with respect to the review of work performed by service providers, (4) errors in connection with accounting for the royalty obligation acquired in the merger with Old Catheter, (5) use of an incorrect discount rate in calculating the fair value of the royalty obligation, and (6) timing of revenue recognition. Notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses, management believes that the Financial Statements and related financial information included in this Quarterly Report, its quarterly report for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, and in its Quarterly and Annual Reports filed during and with respect to the year ended December 31, 2023, fairly present, in all material respects, our consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of and for the periods presented. Remediation Plan Management is in the process of implementing a remediation plan and believes significant progress has been made, including the following remediation items: 1. Segregation of duties We have added additional professional accounting personnel and have retained a new third party technical accounting consultant. In addition, we have reviewed and updated our accounting systems descriptions for sales/accounts receivable/cash receipts and purchasing/accounts payable and cash disbursements/payroll process and general ledger process and all employees have been trained on the updated procedures. 56 Table of Contents 2. Lack of designed and operating review controls with respect to oversight of the financial reporting process We have recently changed our third party technical accounting consultants who assist in the financial reporting process. We believe that the new consulting group will improve our financial reporting process. 3. Errors with respect to the review of work performed by service providers work performed by service providers is reviewed and any errors identified are sent back to service provider for resolution before being incorporated into the company s financial reports. In addition, we have recently changed third party technical consultants, and we believe that the new consulting group will improve our financial reporting process. 4. Errors in connection with accounting for the royalty obligations acquired in the merger with Old Catheter the initial royalty calculations did not include the royalty payable to the LockeT inventor. The process includes review by the Interim Chief Financial Officer of material contracts for any assets, liabilities or disclosures that would need to be recorded. 5. Use of an incorrect discount rate in calculating the fair value of the royalty obligation in the draft financial statements (which were corrected prior to release) Calculations are reviewed by management to ensure inputs are reasonable prior to incorporating the calculations into the Company s financial reports. We have recently changed third party technical consultants, and we believe that the new consulting group will improve our financial reporting process. 6. Timing of revenue recognition Revenue is recognized when product is delivered to the customer. We have implemented a tracking spreadsheet for all shipments which contains delivery date, and invoicing/recognition of revenue is then dated to match the delivery date. This is reviewed at month end by the Interim Chief Financial Officer to ensure revenue is recognized in the proper period. The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until management designs and implements effective controls that operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. The Company will monitor the effectiveness of its remediation plans and will make changes management determines to be appropriate. Additional anticipated remediation measures include continuing assessment of the need to expand the Company s current accounting and financial reporting teams to include individuals with requisite experience to meet the requirements associated with the increasing operations of a publicly traded company, establishment of policies and procedures to ensure full review and sign offs with respect to the inputs sent to third-party service providers as well as the reports and documentation upon the completion of their work prior to any adjustments being made to the financial statements, establishment of policies and procedures related to the review of all contracts the Company enters into to ensure any terms or conditions are evaluated for any accounting required or accounting treatment or disclosure, and establishment of policies and procedures to review the inputs to royalties payable and other fair value calculations as well as the outputs impacting the balance at each reporting period. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Except as noted above, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls Management recognizes that a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or error, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 57 Table of Contents PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Reference is made to the information disclosed under Item 3 " Legal Proceedings " in the Fiscal 2023 10-K. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the period ended June 30, 2024. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Previously Reported. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None. 58 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 8-K 001-38677 3.1 10/1/2018 3.1.2 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. (effective 11/16/20) 8-K 001-38677 3.1 11/17/2020 3.1.3 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. (effective 09/30/22) 8-K 001-38677 3.1 9/20/2022 3.1.4 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. (filed 08/01/23, effective 08/17/23) 8-K 001-38677 3.1 8/4/2023 3.1.5 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed 07/11/2024, effective 07/15/2024) 8-K 001-38677 3.1 7/12/2024 5 Certificate of Designation of Series X Convertible Preferred Stock. 8-K 001-38677 3.1 1/13/2023 6 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock. 8-K 001-38677 3.2 1/13/2023 3.2.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 8-K 001-38677 3.2 10/1/2018 3.2.2 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 8-K 001-38677 3.1 8/17/2022 4.1 Specimen common stock certificate of the Registrant. S-1 333-226191 4.1 7/16/2018 4.2 [omitted.] 4.3 Form of warrant issued in May 2020. 8-K 001-38677 4.1 5/22/2020 4.4 Form of pre-funded warrant issued in May 2020. 8-K 001-38677 4.2 5/22/2020 4.5 Form of placement agent warrant issued in May 2020. 8-K 001-38677 4.3 5/22/2020 59 Table of Contents 4.6 Form of warrant offered in July 2020. S-1 333-239887 4.3 7/16/2020 4.7 Form of pre-funded warrant issued in July 2020. S-1 333-239887 4.4 7/16/2020 4.8 Form of placement agent warrant offered in July 2020. S-1 333-239887 4.5 7/16/2020 4.9 [omitted.] 4.10 Form of Series B Warrant offered in February 2022. S-1/A 333-262195 4.9 2/3/2022 4.11 [omitted.] 4.12 Warrant Agency Agreement, dated February 8, 2022, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Trust Company LLC. 8-K 001-38677 4.4 2/9/2022 4.12.1 Amendment No. 1, dated July 22, 2022, to February 8, 2022 Warrant Agency Agreement by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. 10-Q 001-38677 4.7 8/15/2022 4.13 Form of Series E Warrant offered in January 2023. 8-K 001-38677 4.1 1/13/2023 4.14 Form of Series F Warrant issued in March 2023. 8-K 001-38677 4.2 1/13/2023 4.15 Form of Series G Warrant issued in March 2023. 8-K 001-38677 4.3 1/13/2023 4.16 Form of Series H Common Stock Warrant issued September 2024 8-K 001-38677 4.1 9/6/2024 4.17 Form of Series I Common Stock Warrant issued September 2024 8-K 001-38677 4.2 9/6/2024 4.18 Form of Series J Common Stock Warrant issued September 2024 8-K 001-38677 4.3 9/6/2024 4.19 Form of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued September 2024 8-K 001-38677 4.4 9/6/2024 4.20 Form of Series K Warrant issued October 2024 8-K 001-38677 4.1 10/25/2024 4.21 Form of Placement Agent Warrant 8-K/A 001-38677 4.2 11/4/2024 10.1 First Amendment to 8 Short Term Promissory Notes Payable to FatBoy Capital, L.P. 8-K 001-38677 10.1 8/27/2024 10.2 First Amendment to 8 Short Term Promissory Note Payable to David A. Jenkins 8-K 001-38677 10.2 8/27/2024 10.3 First Amendment to 8 Short Term Promissory Note Payable to Jenkins Family Charitable Institute 8-K 001-38677 10.3 8/27/2024 10.4 Warrant Agency Agreement dated September 3, 2024, by and between Catheter Precision, Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC 8-K 001-38677 4.5 9/6/2024 10.5 Investment Banking Agreement dated May 9, 2024 8-K/A 001-38677 10.2 11/4/2024 60 Table of Contents 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 @ Certifications of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 @ Certifications of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). Filed herewith. @ The information in this exhibit is furnished and deemed not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Catheter Precision, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 61 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CATHETER PRECISION, INC. (Registrant) Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ David A. Jenkins David A. Jenkins Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Margrit Thomassen Margrit Thomassen Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 62 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vtak_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vtak_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, David A. Jenkins, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Catheter Precision, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ David A. Jenkins David A. Jenkins Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vtak_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vtak_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Margrit Thomassen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Catheter Precision, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ Margrit Thomassen Margrit Thomassen Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vtak_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vtak_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, David A. Jenkins, Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Catheter Precision, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 1. the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ David A. Jenkins David A. Jenkins Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 vtak_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vtak_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Margrit Thomassen, Interim Chief Financial Officer of Catheter Precision, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 1. the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ Margrit Thomassen Margrit Thomassen Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vtak-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vtak-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 vtak-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 vtak-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

