<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241011_10-Q_edgar_data_2025341_0001213900-24-087301.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2557842</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66792</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>720660</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>343156</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>655546</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>742269</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-087301.hdr.sgml : 20241011
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241011164517
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-087301
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241011
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241011

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Andretti Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002025341
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42268
		FILM NUMBER:		241368011

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7615 ZIONSVILLE ROAD
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46268
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2057398649

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7615 ZIONSVILLE ROAD
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46268

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-087301.txt : 20241011

10-Q
 1
 ea0216719-10q_andretti2.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of October 11, 2024, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part
 I. Financial Information 

Item 1.
 Interim Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Unaudited
 Condensed Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2024 
 
 1 
 
 Unaudited
 Condensed Statement of Operations For the Period from May 21, 2024 (Inception) Through June 30, 2024 
 
 2 
 
 Unaudited
 Condensed Statement of Changes in Shareholder s Deficit For the Period from May 21, 2024 (Inception) Through June 30, 2024

3 
 
 Unaudited
 Condensed Statement of Cash Flows For the Period from May 21, 2024 (Inception) Through June 30, 2024 
 
 4 
 
 Notes
 to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2.
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 16 
 
 Item 3.
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 
 18 
 
 Item 4.
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 18 
 
 Part
 II. Other Information 

Item 1.
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 19 
 
 Item 1A.
 Risk Factors 
 
 19 
 
 Item 2.
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 19 
 
 Item 3.
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 19 
 
 Item 4.
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 19 
 
 Item 5.
 Other Information 
 
 19 
 
 Item 6.
 Exhibits 
 
 20 
 
 Part
 III. Signatures 
 
 21 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Assets 

Current assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholder s Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued offering costs 

Accrued expenses 

Promissory note - related party 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Shareholder s Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholder s Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholder s Deficit 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MAY 21, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH JUNE 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

General and administrative costs 
 43,692 
 
 Loss from operations 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares (1) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B ordinary shares 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MAY 21, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH JUNE 30, 2024 

Class A 
Ordinary Shares 
 Class B 
Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance May 21, 2024 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1) 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MAY 21, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH JUNE 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

General and administrative costs paid by Sponsor through promissory note- related party 

Formation costs applied against prepaid expense paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note - related party 

Deferred offering costs applied against a prepaid expense paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Prepaid expense paid by Sponsor through promissory note related party 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). As
of June 30, 2024, the Company had not selected any specific Business Combination target and the Company had not, nor had anyone on its
behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial
Business Combination with the Company. 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had not commenced
any operations. All activities for the period from May 21, 2024 (inception) through June 30, 2024 related to the Company s
formation and the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which is described below. The Company will not generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on investments from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected
December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The registration statement for the Company s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on September 5, 2024. On September 9, 2024, the Company consummated the Initial Public
Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units
being offered, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in
the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of Private Placement Units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit, to the Company s sponsor, Andretti Sponsor II LLC (the Sponsor ),
and BTIG, LLC BTIG ), the representative of the underwriters of the initial Public Offering, generating gross proceeds of
 , which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee (see additional discussion in Note 6), and of
other offering costs. 

The Company s Business Combination must
be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the net balance in the Trust Account
(as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
on September 9, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the sale of the Private
Placement Units was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account ), with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee and will only be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations; the holding of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole purpose of facilitating the
intended business combination. To mitigate the risk that the Company might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment
Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the Company holds investments in the Trust Account, the Company may, at any time (based
on management team s ongoing assessment of all factors related to the Company s potential status under the Investment Company
Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in
cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the
Private Placement Units will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial
Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or by such earlier liquidation date as the
Company s board of directors may approve (the Completion Window ), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption
of the Company s public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow
redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s public shares if the Company has
not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could
become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s
public shareholders. 

5 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

per public share. 

The ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

The Company will have only the duration of the
Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares
and completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other
distributions, if any), subject to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject
to the other requirements of applicable law. 

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to
their founder shares, private placement shares, and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination
or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company
determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares, private placement shares, and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment
to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares or private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business
Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating
distributions from assets outside the trust account; and (iv) vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and
any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions)
in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

The Company s Sponsor has agreed that it
will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company,
or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar
agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per
public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity
of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company
believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. 

Liquidity 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 205-40, Going Concern, as of June 30,
2024, the Company did not have sufficient liquidity to meet its current obligations. However, management has determined that the Company
has access to funds from Sponsor (or its affiliates) and following September 9, 2024 (including following the consummation of the Company s
Initial Public Offering), together with the promissory note (see Note 5) that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the
Company until a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

6 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

7 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

8 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture if the
over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 5). At June 30, 2024, the Company did not have any dilutive
securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings
of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per ordinary share is the same as basic loss per ordinary share for the period presented. 

9 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the
amount of Units, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one-half of one redeemable
warrant. Each whole warrant will entitle the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject
to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and will expire
 five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Warrants As of June 30,
2024, there were no warrants outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price
of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. The warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days after the completion
of the initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion
of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any
Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to
issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise
has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of
the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant,
the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no
event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the
exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the
Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the
Company has agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of the Business
Combination, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement
for the Initial Public Offering or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to
become effective within 60 business days following the Company s initial Business Combination and to maintain a current
prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in
accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60 th business day after the closing of the initial Business
Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company
will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are
at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered
security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants
who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement,
and in the event the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

If the holders exercise their public warrants
on a cashless basis, they would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares over the exercise price
of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of the Class A
ordinary shares for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise
is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. 

10 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

: The Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of per warrant; 

upon
a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period and 

if,
and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to
the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within a -trading day
period commencing at least 30 days after completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and ending three business days
before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

Additionally, if the number of outstanding Class A
ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-division of ordinary
shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding
ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A
ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary
shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable
under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares)
and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market
value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary
shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received
for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume
weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day
prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular
way, without the right to receive such rights. 

Private Placement Units at a price of per Private
Placement Unit in a private placement. Each Private Placement Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one-half of warrant
(each, a Private Placement Warrant ). Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary
share at a price of per shares, subject to adjustments. Each warrant will become exercisable after the completion
of the Initial Business Combination and will not expire except upon liquidation. If the Initial Business Combination is not completed
within from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held
in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). 

The Private Placement Warrants contained in the
Private Placement Units are identical to the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering except, the Private Placement Warrants
(i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions,
be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) are
entitled to registration rights and (iii) with respect to Private Placement Warrants held by BTIG and/or its designees, will not
be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in this offering in accordance with Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the
Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement
shares, and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption in connection
with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate
the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private
placement shares, and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption
in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to their founder shares or private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares
they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the trust account; and (iv) vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public
shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor
of the initial Business Combination. 

11 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

, or approximately per share, for which the Company issued Class B ordinary shares, known
as founders shares, to the Sponsor. Up to of the founder shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration depending
on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment is exercised. On September 9, 2024, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment
option in full as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such, the founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The founder shares are designated as Class B
ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in
this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder
shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) the founder shares are entitled to registration
rights; (iii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection
with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares,
private placement shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (C) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem of the public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion
window or (D) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, (E) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares or private
placement shares if we fail to complete the initial Business Combination within the completion window, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within such time period and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the trust account and (F) vote
any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including
in open market and privately-negotiated transactions, aside from shares they may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5
under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination transaction) in favor of the initial
Business Combination, (iv) the founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares in connection with
the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
as described herein and in the Company amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and (v) prior to the closing
of the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote on the appointment and removal
of directors or continuing the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend
our constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional documents, in each case, as a result of our approving a transfer by way of
continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). 

Promissory Note Related Party 

The Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate
of up to , as amended on July 16, 2024, to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. The loan was
non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2024 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of
June 30, 2024, the Company had borrowed under the promissory note. The Company repaid a total of outstanding under the
note at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on September 9, 2024. Borrowings under the note are no longer available. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing
on September 5, 2024, through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination or the liquidation, to pay the Sponsor 
per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services. 

Additionally, the Company agreed to pay the Chief
Executive Officer, per month for his services commencing on September 5, 2024, through the earlier of consummation or the initial
Business Combination or the liquidation. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes
a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the
Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from
the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into private placement units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. As of
June 30, 2024, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

12 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

units to cover over-allotments, if any. On September
9, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment
option to purchase the additional Units at a price of per Unit. 

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate, paid on September 9, 2024, at
the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of
the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate, payable upon the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

13 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

preference shares at par value of each. At June 30, 2024, there were no preference
shares issued or outstanding 

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares at par value of each. At June 30, 2024, there
were no shares of Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding. 

Class B Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares at par value of each. On May 24, 2024, the Company
issued Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for , or approximately per share. The founder shares included an
aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters in full. As
of June 30, 2024, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option
of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or any other equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued
in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering and related to or in connection with the closing of the initial Business
Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders
of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed
issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal,
in the aggregate, of the sum of (i) the total number of all Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the
Initial Public Offering (including any Class A ordinary shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and
excluding the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Units and the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor), plus (ii) all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued
to our sponsor or any of its affiliates or to officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans) minus (iii) any redemptions
of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders in connection with an initial Business Combination; provided that such conversion
of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

Holders of record of the Company s Class A
ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange
rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires
the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where
proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company is generally required to approve any matter voted on by
our shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which (except as specified below)
requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person
or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting, and pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory
merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, meaning, following
our initial business combination, the holders of more than of the ordinary shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect
all of the directors. Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares
will (i) have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors and (ii) be entitled to vote on continuing our company
in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents or to adopt
new constitutional documents, in each case, as a result of our approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the
Cayman Islands). Holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on these matters during such time. These provisions
of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended if approved by a special resolution passed by the
affirmative vote of at least (or, where such amendment is proposed in respect of the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
two-thirds) of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy
at the applicable general meeting of the Company. 

14 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay the
Chief Executive Officer, per month for his services commencing on September 5, 2024, through the earlier of consummation or the
initial Business Combination or the liquidation. 

On September 9, 2024, the Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in
the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of Private Placement Units at a price of per Private
Placement Unit, to the Company s Sponsor and BTIG, generating gross proceeds of . 

On September 9, 2024, in connection with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering, or in the aggregate. 

On September 9, 2024, the Company repaid a total
of outstanding under the note, at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Borrowings under the note are no longer available. 

On September 30, 2024, Zakary C. Brown resigned
as a member of the board of directors of the Company as well as from his position as a member of the compensation committee of the Company s
board of directors. Mr. Brown s departure was not the result of any disagreement with the Company s management or board of
directors on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

15 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to Andretti Acquisition Corp. II. References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to Andretti Sponsor II LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of
operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of the Proposed Business Combination
(as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from
the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the Proposed Business
Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus
for its Initial Public Offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities
filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities
law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
Cayman Islands on May 21, 2024 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or other similar business combination (the Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to
effectuate our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Units, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant
costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from May 21, 2024 (inception) through June 30, 2024 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and subsequent to the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust
Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance),
as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the period from May 21, 2024 (inception) through
June 30, 2024, we had net loss 43,692, which consisted of general and administrative costs. 

16 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor
and loans from the Sponsor. 

On September 9, 2024, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 760,000 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private
Placement Unit to the Sponsor and BTIG, generating gross proceeds of 7,600,000 

Following the Initial Public Offering, a total
of 231,150,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 15,014,904 in Initial Public Offering related costs, including 4,600,000
of cash underwriting fees, 9,775,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and 639,904 of other offering costs. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete
our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our
Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the
target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust
Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of
such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00
per unit at the option of the lender. The Units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares
upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
Business Combination. 

17 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of June 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement with the Sponsor to pay 2,500 per month for
office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services. In addition we agree to pay the Chief Executive Officer,
 12,500 per month for his services commencing on September 5, 2024, through the earlier of consummation or the initial Business Combination
or the liquidation. 

The underwriters have a 45-day option from the
date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. On September
9, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment
option to purchase the additional 3,000,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of condensed financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Making estimates requires management to
exercise significant judgement. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of
circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change
in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
As of June 30, 2024, we did not have any critical accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are
controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our Management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our
Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the quarterly period ended June
30, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

18 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report include the risk factors described in our final prospectus for its Initial Public
Offering filed with the SEC. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed
in our final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On May 24, 2024, the Sponsor subscribed for 5,750,000
founder shares for a total subscription price of 25,000 and fully paid for those shares. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to
the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On September 9, 2024, the Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in
the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of 760,000 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private
Placement Unit, to the Company s Sponsor and BTIG, generating gross proceeds of 7,600,000. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option and the Private Placement Units, an aggregate of 231,150,000 was placed
in the Trust Account. 

We paid a total of 15,014,904, consisting of
 4,600,000 of cash underwriting fee, 9,775,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and 639,904 of other offering costs. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

19 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance
 Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

These
certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

20 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this Quarterly Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

Date: October 11, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ William M. Brown 

Name: 
 William M. Brown 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021671901ex31-1_andretti2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, William M. Brown, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Andretti Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this Quarterly Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by Quarterly Report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in Quarterly Report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in Quarterly
Report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which Quarterly Report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in Quarterly Report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by Quarterly Report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in Quarterly Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 11, 2024 

/s/ William M. Brown 

William M. Brown 

Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial and 
 Accounting Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ea021671901ex32-1_andretti2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Andretti
Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, William M. Brown, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Quarterly Report. 

Dated: October 11, 2024 

/s/ William M. Brown 

William M. Brown 

Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial and 
 Accounting Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 poleu-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 poleu-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 poleu-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 poleu-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 poleu-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

