<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1842279_0001842279-24-000061.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16620437</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>184703</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2446117</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6296405</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3950060</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3404429</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001842279-24-000061.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112160337
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001842279-24-000061
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OPAL Fuels Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842279
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GAS & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4932]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40272
		FILM NUMBER:		241447871

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CLARENDON STREET, 55TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-531-6300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CLARENDON STREET, 55TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ArcLight Clean Transition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210125

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001842279-24-000061.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 wdq-20240930.htm
 10-Q

wdq-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _______________ to ____________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, "smaller reporting company," and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 11, 2024 , a total of shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, shares of Class B common stock, par value of 0.0001 per share and shares of Class D common stock, par value 0.0001 per share were outstanding. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, forecasts, future, goal, intends, may, objective, outlook, plans, projected, propose, seeks, target, will, would and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results, and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside our control, which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors, among others, which may affect actual results or outcomes include: 
 
 our ability to grow and manage growth profitably, and maintain relationships with customers and suppliers; 
 our success in retaining or recruiting, our principal officers, key employees or directors; 
 intense competition and competitive pressures from other companies in the industry in which we operate; 
 increased costs of, or delays in obtaining, key components or labor for the construction and completion of landfill gas ("LFG") and livestock waste projects that generate electricity and renewable natural gas RNG ), compressed natural gas CNG and hydrogen dispensing stations; 
 factors relating to our business, operations and financial performance, including market conditions and global and economic factors beyond our control; 
 the reduction or elimination of government economic incentives to the renewable energy market; 
 factors associated with companies that are engaged in the production and integration of RNG, including (i) anticipated trends, growth rates and challenges in those businesses and in the markets in which they operate, (ii) contractual arrangements with, and the cooperation of, owners and operators of the landfill and livestock biogas conversion project facilities, on which we operate our LFG and livestock waste projects that generate electricity and (iii) RNG prices for Environmental Attributes (as defined below), low carbon fuel standard ("LCFS") credits and other incentives; 
 the ability to identify, acquire, develop and operate renewable projects and fueling stations ("Fueling Stations"); 
 our ability to issue equity or equity-linked securities or obtain or amend debt financing; 
 the demand for renewable energy not being sustained; 
 impacts of climate change, changing weather patterns and conditions and natural disasters; and 
 the effect of legal, tax and regulatory changes. 
 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in this Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on March 15, 2024 (our "Annual Report"). Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PAGE PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) And December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income / (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes In Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest, Redeemable Preferred Non-Controlling Interest And Stockholders' Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Notes To Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 51 
 ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 65 
 ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 66 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 67 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 68 
 ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 68 
 ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 68 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 68 
 ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 69 
 ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 69 
 SIGNATURES 
 70 

Part I - Financial Information 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 OPAL FUELS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Accounts receivable, net (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Accounts receivable, related party Restricted cash - current (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Short term investments Fuel tax credits receivable Contract assets Parts inventory (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Convertible note receivable 
 Environmental credits held for sale 
 Prepaid expense and other current assets (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Derivative financial assets - current portion 
 Total current assets Capital spares Property, plant, and equipment, net (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Investment in other entities Note receivable - variable fee component Other long-term assets Intangible assets, net Restricted cash - non-current (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Goodwill Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Accounts payable, related party (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Fuel tax credits payable Accrued payroll (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Accrued capital expenses Accrued expenses and other current liabilities (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 
 1 

Contract liabilities OPAL Term Loan - current portion 
 Sunoma Loan - current portion (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Operating lease liabilities - current portion Other current liabilities (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Asset retirement obligation, current portion Total current liabilities Asset retirement obligation - non-current portion 
 OPAL Term Loan - non-current portion 
 Sunoma Loan, net of debt issuance costs (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Operating lease liabilities - non-current portion Earn out liabilities Derivative liabilities - non-current portion 
 Other long-term liabilities (includes and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Redeemable non-controlling interests Stockholders' deficit Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized as of September 30, 2024; shares issued: and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; shares outstanding: and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized as of September 30, 2024; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class C common stock, par value, shares authorized as of September 30, 2024; issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Class D common stock, par value, shares authorized as of September 30, 2024; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Class A common stock in treasury, at cost; and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Total Stockholders' deficit attributable to the Company ) ) Non-redeemable non-controlling interests Total Stockholders' deficit ) ) Total liabilities, Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Stockholders' deficit 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

OPAL FUELS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: RNG Fuel (includes revenues from related party of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Fuel Station Services (includes revenues from related party of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Renewable Power (includes revenues from related party of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; and , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Total revenues Operating expenses: Cost of sales - RNG Fuel 
 Cost of sales - Fuel Station Services 
 Cost of sales - Renewable Power Project development and startup costs 
 Selling, general, and administrative Depreciation, amortization, and accretion Income from equity method investments 
 ) ) ) ) Total expenses Operating income (loss) 
 ) Other (expense) income: Interest and financing expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment ) ) Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net ) Other income Income before provision for income taxes 
 Income tax benefit, net of selling expenses 
 ) ) Net income 
 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
 ) Net income (loss) attributable to non-redeemable non-controlling interests 
 ) ) Dividends on redeemable preferred non-controlling interests (1) 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Class A common stockholders 
 ) Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock: Basic Diluted Per share amounts: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 3 

(1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

OPAL FUELS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income: Effective portion of the cash flow hedge attributable to equity method investments ) Reclassification adjustments included in earnings ) Net unrealized loss on cash flow hedges ) ) ) Total comprehensive income Net income attributable to Redeemable non-controlling interests (1) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends on redeemable preferred non-controlling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Class A common stockholders ) 
 and of dividends on redeemable preferred non-controlling interests for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Includes and of dividends on redeemable preferred non-controlling interests for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

OPAL FUELS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST, REDEEMABLE PREFERRED NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Class A common stock Class B common stock Class D common stock Class A common stock in treasury Mezzanine Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Other comprehensive income Non-redeemable non-controlling interests Shares Amount Total Stockholders' Deficit Redeemable Preferred non-controlling interests Redeemable non-controlling interests December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Issuance of Class A common stock under the ATM program (1) 
 Share conversion ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock for vesting of equity awards (2) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Distributions to non-redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends on redeemable preferred non-controlling interests ) ) ) Change in redemption value of Redeemable non-controlling interests ) Payment of preferred dividend ) March 31, 2024 ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Issuance of Class A common stock under the ATM program (1) 
 Issuance of Class A common stock for vesting of equity awards (2) 
 Stock-based compensation 
 6 

Distributions to non-redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends on redeemable preferred non-controlling interests ) ) ) Change in redemption value of Redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Payment of preferred dividend ) June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income ) ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock for vesting of equity awards (2) 
 Stock-based compensation Distributions to non-redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends on redeemable preferred non-controlling interests ) ) ) Change in redemption value of Redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Payment of preferred dividend ) September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) shares of Class A common stock under the Company's ATM program. Please see Note 13. Redeemable non-controlling interests, Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests and Stockholders' Deficit for additional information. 
 (2) 

7 

Class A common stock Class D common stock Class A common stock in treasury Mezzanine Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Other comprehensive income Non-redeemable non-controlling interests Shares Amount Total Stockholders' Equity Redeemable Preferred non-controlling interests Redeemable non-controlling interests December 31, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Proceeds from non-redeemable non-controlling interest Issuance of Class A common stock on warrant exchange Cancellation of fractional shares on warrant exchange ) Exercise of put option forward purchase contract - Meteora ) ) ) Forfeiture of Class A common stock ) Stock-based compensation Change in redemption value of Redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Paid-in-kind preferred dividend ) ) ) March 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Proceeds from non-redeemable non-controlling interest Deconsolidation of entities (1) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to non-redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation Change in redemption value of Redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Paid-in-kind preferred dividend ) ) ) June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net income ) ) Other comprehensive income Distribution of non-redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) 
 8 

Issuance of Class A common shares for vesting of equity awards ) ) Contribution to equity method investments ) ) Change in redemption value of Redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Payment of paid-in-kind preferred dividends ) Stock-based compensation ) Dividends on Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests ) ) ) September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) of our RNG facilities, Emerald and Sapphire (defined below) were deconsolidated and accounted for under equity method as per ASC 323. Please see Note 3 Investment in Other entities and Note 12 Variable Interest Entities for additional information. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

OPAL FUELS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Income from equity method investments ) ) Distributions from equity method investments Change in fair value of Convertible note receivable ) Provision for bad debts Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Depreciation and amortization Accretion expense related to asset retirement obligation Amortization of deferred financing costs Loss on debt extinguishment Loss on warrant exchange Gain on deconsolidation of VIEs ) Stock-based compensation Paid-in-kind interest income ) ) Change in fair value of Convertible Note Payable Unrealized gain on derivative financial instruments ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) Accounts receivable, related party Fuel tax credits receivable ) ) Capital spares ) Parts inventory ) ) Environmental credits held for sale ) ) Prepaid expense and other current and long-term assets 
 Contract assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accounts payable, related party Fuel tax credits payable ) Accrued payroll ) ) Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities - current and non-current ) ) Other current and non-current liabilities ) Contract liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property, plant, and equipment ) ) (Payment)/proceeds from sale of short term investments 
 ) Deconsolidation of VIEs, net of cash ) Distributions received from equity method investment Cash paid for Notes receivable ) Cash paid for investment in other entities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from OPAL Term Loan Cash paid for purchase of shares upon exercise of put option ) 
 10 

Cash paid for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Financing costs paid to other third parties ) ) Repayment of Senior Secured Credit Facility ) Repayment of OPAL Term Loan ) Repayment of Municipality loan ) Repayment of Sunoma Loan ) Repayment of equipment loan ) Repayment of Convertible Note Payable ) Payment of preferred dividends ) ) Proceeds from sale of non-redeemable non-controlling interest Reimbursement of financing costs by joint venture partner Distribution to non-redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) Proceeds from issuance of shares of Class A common stock under the ATM program, net Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net decrease in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Interest paid, net of and capitalized, respectively 
 Noncash investing and financing activities: Accrual for asset retirement obligation included in Property, plant and equipment Right-of-use assets arising from lease modifications Accrual for purchase of Property, plant and equipment included in Accounts payable and Accrued capital expenses 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 11 

OPAL FUELS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 
 operating segments based on the characteristics and the nature of products and services. The operating segments are RNG Fuel, Fuel Station Services, Renewable Power and Corporate. 
 All amounts in these footnotes are presented in thousands of dollars except share and per share data. 
 
 2. 
 12 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company accounted for its ownership interests in Pine Bend RNG LLC ("Pine Bend"), Noble Road RNG LLC ("Noble Road"), Paragon RNG LLC ("Paragon") (Emerald RNG LLC ("Emerald") and Sapphire RNG LLC ("Sapphire")) , Land2Gas LLC (the "SJI Joint Venture") (Atlantic RNG LLC ("Atlantic") and Burlington RNG LLC ("Burlington")) and GREP BTB Holdings LLC ("GREP") under the equity method. 
 
 13 

Restricted cash - current (1) 
 Long-term assets: Restricted cash held as collateral (2) 
 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (1) Restricted cash - current as of September 30, 2024 consists of related to debt reserve on Sunoma Loan. Restricted cash - current as of December 31, 2023 consists of related to debt reserve on the Sunoma Loan and related to deposit on our interconnections payments. 
 
 and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, consists of cash invested in money market accounts with maturities ranging between 1 and 12 months as of the reporting date. The amounts in these money market accounts are liquid and available for general use. 
 Our short term investments are generally invested in commercial paper issued by highly credit worthy counter parties and government backed treasury bills. Investments are generally not FDIC insured and we take counter party risk on these investments. 
 of its Class A common stock (received as a result of the conversion of its ArcLight Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the closing) to vesting and forfeiture conditions relating to VWAP targets for the Company's Class A common stock sustained over a period of months following the closing. OPAL Fuels equity holders are eligible to receive an aggregate of shares of Class B and Class D common stock upon the Company achieving each earn-out event during the earn-out period. The earnout awards (the "Earnout Awards") were recognized at fair value on the closing date and classified as a liability which is remeasured at each balance sheet date and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company's condensed consolidated statement of operations as part of change in fair value of derivative instruments, net. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a gain of and in its condensed consolidated statements of operations. For the 
 14 

and a gain of , respectively, in its condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded and , respectively, on its condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Class B Units issued by OPAL Fuels to the prior investors. The Company allocates net income or loss attributable to Redeemable non-controlling interest based on weighted average ownership interest during the period. The net income or loss attributable to Redeemable non-controlling interests is reflected in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the maximum redemption value was . 
 
 ITC related expenses Site lease expenses Legal and professional fees Royalties Management services (2) 
 Other Total Project development and startup costs 
 (1) Relates to virtual pipeline costs on our Prince William facility. These are temporary transportation costs incurred until a permanent pipeline is completed, which we currently anticipate in the second half of 2025. 
 (2) Relates to charges billed to the individual projects by Fortistar. See Note. 10 Related parties for additional information. 
 15 

and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company estimated the value of its total asset retirement obligations to be and , respectively. 
 Additions during the year Deletion ) Accretion expense Total asset retirement obligation Less: current portion ) Total asset retirement obligation, net of current portion 
 natural gas producers ("Producers") to transport Producers' natural gas using the Company's RNG gathering system. The performance obligation is the delivery of Producers' natural gas to an agreed delivery point on an interstate gas pipeline. The quantity of natural gas transported for the Producers is measured at a certain specified meter reader. The price is fixed at contracted rates and the Producers pay approximately 30 days after month-end. As such, transportation sales are recognized over time, using the output method to measure progress. 
 16 

of the Environmental Attributes generated and will receive net proceeds based on the agreed upon price less a specified discount. A specified volume of Environmental Attributes sold per quarter will incur a fee per Environmental Attribute in addition to the specified discount. The agreement was effective beginning January 1, 2022. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company earned net revenues after discount and fees of and , respectively under this contract which was recorded as part of Revenues - RNG Fuel and Fuel Station Services. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company earned net revenues after discount and fees of and , respectively. 
 During 2020, the Company has an agreement with a counter party to sell LCFSs at one of our RNG facilities for a period of years at a fixed contract price which has a certain predetermined floor and ceiling price per LCFS. The counter party has the right to apply any excess payment made calculated as the difference between adjusted Oil Price Information Service and the floor price per the contract, against future sales of LCFSs during the contract term. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recorded as part of Other long-term liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 During the third and fourth quarters of 2022, of the wholly-owned subsidiaries from our Renewable Power portfolio entered into a purchase and sale agreement with an Environmental Attribute marketing firm to sell Environmental Attributes associated with renewable biomethane ("ISCC Carbon Credits") and purchase brown gas back at contracted fixed prices per million British thermal units ("MMBtus"). One of these contracts has a term of years from the date of certification of the facility with an auto-renewal option. The other contract was terminated in August 2023. During the third quarter of 2023, additional Renewable Power facilities entered into purchase and sale agreements with year terms and similar terms and conditions as the previous contracts. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company earned net revenues of and , respectively under the contracts which were recorded as part of Revenues - Renewable Power in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company earned net revenues of and , respectively under the contracts which were recorded as part of Revenues - Renewable Power in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 Regulatory changes implemented by the European Union Commission are expected to take effect on November 21, 2024 that will exclude biomethane produced outside of the European Union from being certified as eligible to be sold in accordance with the European Union Renewable Energy Directive. As a result, we anticipate that all of our contracts governing sales of ISCC Carbon Credits will be terminated on or before November 21, 2024. Following such terminations, we expect to continue to earn revenues from sale of electricity generated by these Renewable Power facilities and the associated environmental attributes. 
 Sales of Environmental Attributes such as RINs, renewable energy credits ("RECs"), ISCC Carbon Credits and LCFS are generally recorded as revenue when the certificates related to them are delivered to a buyer. However, the Company may recognize revenue from the sale of such Environmental Attributes at the time of the related Renewable Power sales when the contract provides that title to the Environmental Attributes transfers at the time of production, the Company's price to the buyer is fixed, and collection of the sales proceeds is certain. 
 Management operating fees are earned for the operation, maintenance, and repair of the gas collection system of a landfill site. Revenue is calculated on the volume of per million British thermal units of LFG collected and the megawatt hours ("MWhs") produced at that site. This revenue is recognized when LFG is collected and Renewable Power is delivered. 
 The Company has various fixed price contracts for the construction of Fueling Stations for customers. Revenues from these contracts, including change orders, are recognized over time, with progress measured by the percentage of costs incurred to date compared to estimated total costs for each contract. This method is used as management considers costs 
 17 

Disaggregation of Revenue 
 Third party construction Service Brown gas sales Environmental credits (1) 
 Parts sales Other (2) 
 Total revenue from contracts with customers Lease revenue (3) 
 Total revenue 
 (1) Includes revenues of and , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, from customers domiciled outside of United States. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenues include and , respectively, from customers domiciled outside of United States. 
 (2) Includes management fee revenues earned from management of operations of equity method entities. 
 fuel purchasing agreements out of which we have of our RNG fuel stations with minimum take or pay provisions and revenue from power purchase agreements at of our Renewable Power facilities where we determined that we transferred the right to control the use of the power plant to the purchaser. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and , respectively of revenue was recognized over time, and the remainder was for products and services transferred at a point in time. For the nine months ended months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and , respectively of revenue was recognized over time, and the remainder was for products and services transferred at a point in time. 
 Other income 
 18 

) Gain on deconsolidation of VIEs (1) 
 Change in fair value of Convertible note receivable 
 Insurance proceeds (2) 
 Gain on transfer of non-financial asset in exchange for services received (3) 
 Other income 
 (1) Represents non-cash gain on deconsolidation of Emerald and Sapphire on May 30, 2023. 
 (2) Represents proceeds from business interruption insurance at one of our Renewable Power facilities. 
 (3) Represents the fair value of RINs transferred as consideration for services received. 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract assets: Cost and estimated earnings in excess of billings Accounts receivable retainage, net Contract assets total Contract liabilities: Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings Contract liabilities total 
 During the nine months ended months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized revenue of that was included in "Contract liabilities" at December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized revenue of that was included in "Contract liabilities" at December 31, 2022. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and as part of Cost of sales - Fuel Station Services in its condensed consolidated statements of operations to adjust environmental credits held for sale to lower of cost and net realizable value. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and as part of Cost of sales - Fuel Station Services in its condensed consolidated statements of operations to adjust environmental credits held for sale to lower of cost and net realizable value. 
 19 

of which is anticipated to be recognized as revenue in the next months. 
 Major maintenance expense was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, and is included in cost of sales Renewable Power in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, major maintenance expense included in cost of sales Renewable Power was and , respectively. 
 Significant Customers, Vendors and Concentration of Credit Risk 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, two customers accounted for and of the revenue, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, two customers accounted for and of the revenue, respectively. At September 30, 2024, two customers accounted for of accounts receivable. At December 31, 2023, two customers accounted for of accounts receivable. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , one vendor accounted for of the accounts payable. As of December 31, 2023, one vendor accounted for of the accounts payable. 
 20 

The net proceeds from the sale of tax credits, totaling , were received in cash and recorded as a credit to income tax expense as of September 30, 2024. The cash flows related to the total income tax benefits are presented in the statement of cash flow in the Net income (loss) line item in operating activities. Legal and insurance fees associated with the transaction, totaling , consisting of of buyer's expenses paid by the Company which are recorded as part of Income Tax Benefit and of the Company's costs have been recorded as Project development and startup costs,. Transaction costs are deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 3. 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 
 Net income from equity method investment ) ) Contribution by the Company Distributions from return on investment in equity method investment (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Distributions from return of investment in equity method investment (2) 
 ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Amortization of basis difference (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) Recorded as part of cash flows from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Recorded as part of cash flows from investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 21 

Gross profit ) ) Net income Net income from equity method investments (1) 

4. 
 CNG/RNG fueling stations Construction in progress (2) 
 Buildings Land Service equipment Leasehold improvements Vehicles Office furniture and equipment Computer software Land lease - finance lease Vehicles - finance leases Other Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 (1) The Company reclassified to Prepaid and other current assets which was previously disclosed as plant and equipment as of June 30, 2024 on its condensed consolidated balance sheet. This relates to prepayment of costs associated with interconnection for virtual pipeline. 
 (2) Includes and of capitalized interest on our OPAL Term Loan facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 On October 20, 2023, our wholly owned subsidiary entered into an Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement (for the purposes of this paragraph, the Agreement with Washington Gas Light Company ("WGL") with respect to a gas pipeline extension and associated interconnection facilities (the Pipeline Project that is contemplated as part of the subsidiary's RNG production facility at the Prince William County landfill located in Manassas, Virginia. The Agreement obligates the subsidiary to develop, plan and permit the Pipeline Project to deliver RNG from the facility to an interconnection point on WGL s pipeline. Per the terms and conditions of the Agreement, WGL will purchase the Pipeline Project from the subsidiary after its final completion at a purchase price of million. The closing is contingent upon 
 22 

which is included in the Property, Plant and Equipment on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. The current estimated cost for construction of the Pipeline Project exceeds the million purchase price contemplated as a part of the Agreement. Accordingly, the Company is currently exploring lower cost alternatives. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Construction in progress consists of capital expenditures on construction of RNG generation facilities including, but not limited to Polk County, Cottonwood, Central Valley RNG projects and RNG dispensing facilities. Polk County is expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2024. The remaining facilities except Central Valley RNG projects, for which costs are in construction in progress as of September 30, 2024, are expected to be operational during 2025. Regarding the Central Valley RNG projects, please refer to Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies for additional information. 
 and , respectively. The depreciation expense for the nine months ended months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 
 5. 
 ) Transmission/distribution interconnection ) Intellectual property ) Total intangible assets ) 
 December 31, 2023 Cost Accumulated Amortization Intangible Assets, Net Weighted Average Amortization Period (years) Power purchase agreements ) Transmission/distribution interconnection ) Intellectual property ) Total intangible assets ) 
 Amortization expense for the three and nine months ended months ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. Amortization expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 23 

Fiscal year: 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 6. 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 

7. 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Less: current portion ) OPAL Term Loan, net of debt issuance costs Sunoma Loan Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Less: current portion ) ) Sunoma Loan, net of debt issuance costs Non-current borrowings total 
 Fiscal year: 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 OPAL Term Loan 
 24 

term loan agreement (the "OPAL Term Loan") with a syndicate of lenders. 
 On September 1, 2023, OPAL Intermediate Holdco restructured its existing credit agreement and entered into a new senior secured credit facility (the "Credit Agreement") with OPAL Intermediate HoldCo as the Borrower, direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Borrower as guarantors (the Guarantors ), the lenders party thereto, as lenders, Apterra Infrastructure Capital LLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Celtic Bank Corporation, Citibank, N.A., JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. Investec Inc. and ICBC Standard Bank PLC, as joint lead arrangers, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. Four of the existing lenders participated in the new credit facility. 
 The Credit Agreement provides for up to million of initial and delayed draw term loans (with such delayed draw term loans available for up to months after closing) and million of revolving loans. The proceeds from the facility are expected to be used to fund other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and Guarantors. The Company paid transaction fees and expenses in the amount of approximately . The amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement are secured by the assets of the indirect subsidiaries of OPAL Intermediate Holdco. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding loan balance (current and non-current) excluding deferred financing costs was and , respectively. During the nine months ending September 30, 2024, the Company drew down an additional . Additionally, the Company utilized of availability under the revolver loan to provide for the issuance of letters of credit to support the operations of the Borrower and the Guarantors. 
 The outstanding loans under the Credit Agreement initially bear interest at an annual rate of Term SOFR plus , increasing by per annum during the term. Commencing March 31, 2025, the outstanding principal amount of the term loans amortizes at a rate of per quarter and the Borrower is obligated to pay a leverage based cash sweep ranging from to of distributable cash of Borrower and the Guarantors, and subject to certain other mandatory prepayment requirements. The term loans and revolving loans mature on September 1, 2028. 
 The Credit Agreement requires the Borrower to maintain a consolidated debt service coverage ratio of not less than to 1.0, as tested on a trailing four quarters basis as of the last day of each fiscal quarter during the term commencing with the quarter ended December 31, 2023, and to maintain a consolidated debt to cash flow ratio of not greater than to 1.0 during the delayed draw availability period, and not greater than to 1.0 thereafter. 
 The Credit Agreement includes certain customary and project-related affirmative and negative covenants, including restrictions on distributions, and events of default, which include payment defaults breaches of covenants changes of control materially incorrect or misleading representations or warranties bankruptcy or other events of insolvency and certain project-related defaults. As of September 30, 2024, the Company is in compliance with the financial covenants under the OPAL Term Loan. Additionally, the OPAL Term Loan contains restrictions on distributions and additional indebtedness. 
 The Company has the ability, during the delayed draw availability period and subject to the satisfaction of certain credit and project-related conditions precedent, to join other newly acquired subsidiaries with comparable renewable projects in development under the credit facility for comparable funding. 
 Sunoma Loan 
 On August 27, 2020, Sunoma, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a debt agreement (the "Sunoma Loan Agreement") with Live Oak Banking Company for an aggregate principal amount of . Sunoma paid as financing fees. The amounts outstanding under the Sunoma Loan are secured by the assets of Sunoma. 
 The Sunoma Loan Agreement contains certain financial covenants which require Sunoma to maintain (i) maximum debt to net worth ratio not to exceed :1 (ii) a minimum current ratio not less than and (iii) minimum debt service coverage ratio of trailing four quarters not less than . On July 19, 2022, Sunoma completed the conversion of the construction loan into a permanent loan and increased the commitment from to . As of September 30, 2024, Sunoma is in compliance with the financial covenants under the Sunoma Loan Agreement. 
 25 

or and have a maturity date of July 19, 2033. The Company is required to pay a quarterly amortization of principal of beginning in October 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding loan balance (current and non-current) excluding deferred financing costs was and , respectively. 
 The significant assets of Sunoma are parenthesized in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. See Note 12. Variable Interest Entities for additional information. 
 Convertible Note Payable 
 On May 1, 2021, the Company acquired the remaining ownership interests in Beacon and signed an unsecured, contingently convertible note (the "Convertible Note Payable") with Ares for a total aggregate amount for at an interest rate of per annum. 
 The Company repaid the outstanding balance in full on September 1, 2023. 
 Municipality Loan 
 FM3, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a loan agreement for the construction of an interconnection that was initially funded by the municipality. The loan was fully repaid in April 2023. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 On September 21, 2015, FM3, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a senior secured credit facility (the "Senior Secured Credit Facility") as a borrower and a syndicate of lenders, which provides for an aggregate principal amount of , consisting of (i) a term loan of and a (ii) working capital letter of credit facility of up to and a (iii) debt service reserve and liquidity facility of up to . 
 On March 20, 2023, the Company repaid in full the remaining outstanding loan under this facility. 
 Interest rates 
 2024 
 For the three and nine months ended months ended September 30, 2024, the weighted average effective interest rate including amortization of debt issuance costs on OPAL Term Loan was and , respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the interest rate on the Sunoma Loan was and , respectively. 
 2023 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the weighted average effective interest rate on the Senior Secured Credit Facility including amortization of debt issuance costs on Senior Secured Credit Facility was including a margin plus LIBOR. The facility was fully repaid in March 2023. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the weighted average effective interest rate on OPAL Term Loan including amortization of debt issuance costs was and . 
 For three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the interest rate on the Sunoma loan was . 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the payment-in-kind interest rate on Convertible Note Payable was . 
 
 26 

. 
 Convertible Note Payable mark-to-market Sunoma Loan OPAL Term Loan (1) 
 Equipment loan Commitment fees and other finance fees Amortization of deferred financing cost Interest expense on finance leases Interest income ) ) ) ) Total interest expense 
 (1) Excludes and of interest capitalized and recorded as part of Property, Plant and Equipment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Excludes and of interest capitalized and recorded as part of Property, Plant and Equipment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 8. 
 and related to the lease portion of the FPAs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. It includes and related to the lease portion of the FPAs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Power Purchase agreements 
 Power purchase agreements ("PPAs") are for the sale of electricity generated at our Renewable Power facilities. All of our Renewable Power facilities operate under fixed pricing or indexed pricing based on market prices. of our Renewable Power facilities transfer the right to control the use of the power plant to the purchaser and are therefore classified as operating leases. 
 Included in Renewable Power revenues are and related to the lease element of the PPAs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Includes and related to the lease element of the PPAs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Lessee contracts 
 Ground/Site leases 
 27 

of our RNG facilities - Beacon and two sites at our Central Valley project - MD Digester ("MD") and VS Digester ("VS"). During the second quarter of 2024, the Company revised the commercial operation date for its leases for MD and VS by between to months which changed the lease term for both the leases. The Company treated this as a lease modification and increased its right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability by on its condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024, using the incremental borrowing rate of . 
 On December 27, 2023, OPAL entered into an Amended and Restated Lease Agreement with a counter party which amended the payment terms to include a minimum volume requirement that requires OPAL to pay lease payments of per GGE of CNG pumped with annual minimum volumes for the lease term. 
 The Company determined that the site lease is a finance lease because the present value of the sum of the lease payments is substantially greater than the fair value of the parcel of land. Therefore, the Company recorded right-of-use asset and related lease liability on December 27, 2023. 
 Office lease 
 The Company entered into a lease for office and warehouse space that became effective upon the termination of the original lease term on January 31, 2018. The term of the lease renewal was months and contained an option to renew for an additional months. In September 2020, the Company exercised this option. In March 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the lease which extended the lease term till January 2026. 
 The Company determined that the site leases and the office lease are operating leases. 
 Under ASC 842, leases are classified as either finance or operating arrangements, with such classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition in an entity's income statement. For operating leases, ASC 842 requires recognition in an entity s income statement of a single lease expense, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term, generally on a straight-line basis. Right-of-use assets represent a right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and the related lease liability represents an obligation to make lease payments pursuant to the contractual terms of the lease agreement. 
 Based on the above guidance, the lease expense for the site leases is included as part of Cost of sales - RNG Fuel in its condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The lease expense for the office lease is recorded as part of Selling, general and administrative expenses in its condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Vehicle leases 
 The Company leases approximately vehicles in our FM3 and OPAL Fuel Station Services subsidiaries. The leases contain repurchase options at the end of the lease term and the sum total of the lease payments represents substantially the fair value of the asset. 
 Under ASC 842, the Company determined that the vehicle leases are finance leases. For finance leases, ASC 842 requires recognition of amortization of right-of-use asset as part of depreciation and amortization expense and the interest on the finance lease liability as interest expense in the income statement. The Company accordingly recognized its lease expense on the vehicle leases as part of Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense and interest and financing expense, net in its condensed statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Lease Disclosures Under ASC 842 
 The objective of the disclosure requirements under ASC 842 is to enable users of an entity s financial statements to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from lease arrangements. In addition to the supplemental qualitative leasing disclosures included above, below are quantitative disclosures that are intended to meet the stated objective of ASC 842. 
 28 

Office lease Right-of-use assets Finance leases (1) : 
 Vehicle leases Property, plant and equipment, net Site lease Property, plant and equipment, net Total lease right-of-use assets Liabilities (1) : 
 Sites leases Lease liabilities - current portion Office lease Lease liabilities - current portion Vehicle leases - finance Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Site leases - finance Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Sites leases Lease liabilities - non-current portion Office lease Lease liabilities - non-current portion Vehicle leases - finance Other long-term liabilities Site leases - finance Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 (1) The Operating lease liabilities represent the present value of lease payments for the remaining term of the lease. The discount rate used ranged from to . 
 The table below presents components of the Company's lease expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Description Location in Statement of Operations Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating lease expense for site leases Cost of sales - RNG Fuel Operating lease expense for office lease Selling, general, administrative expenses Amortization of right-of-use assets - finance leases Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense Interest expense on lease liabilities - finance leases Interest and financing expense, net 
 The Company does not have material short term lease expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 29 

years Finance leases years 
 three months ending December 31, 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Present value of lease liability Lease liabilities - current portion Lease liabilities - non-current portion Total lease liabilities Discount based on incremental borrowing rate 
 
 9. 
 of the OPAL Term Loan at a fixed interest rate of with a maturity date of September 1, 2028 to hedge the SOFR-based floating interest rate. 
 The interest rate swap was designated and qualified as cash flow hedge. The Company uses interest rate swaps for the management of interest rate risk exposure, as an interest rate swap effectively converts a portion of the Company s debt from a floating to a fixed rate. The interest rate swap is an agreement between the Company and counterparties to pay, in the future, a fixed-rate payment in exchange for the counterparties paying the Company a variable payment. The amount of the net payment obligation is based on the notional amount of the interest rate swap and the prevailing market interest rates. The Company may terminate the interest rate swaps prior to their expiration dates, at which point a realized gain or loss may be recognized, or may be amortized over the original life of the interest rate swap if the hedged debt remains outstanding. The value of the Company s commitment would increase or decrease based primarily on the extent to which interest rates move against the rate fixed for each swap. 
 30 

from the Other comprehensive income in the next twelve months. 
 Derivative financial assets, current portion Long term portion of the interest rate swaps ) Derivative financial liability, non-current ) 
 ) Net periodic settlements Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net 
 Commodity swap contracts 
 The Company entered into an International Swaps and Derivatives Association ("ISDA") agreement with Mendocino Capital LLC NextEra ), a related party in November 2019. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company entered into additional commodity swaps in October 2022 for a periods of one to with contract prices ranging between and per MWh. The swaps are expected to be settled by physical delivery on a monthly basis. The Company elected the normal purchase and normal sale exclusion and will not apply fair value accounting under ASC 815, Derivatives and hedging . The Company continues to meet the normal purchase normal sale exclusion for all the reporting periods presented. 
 The Company entered into a new commodity swap with NextEra in November 2022 for a period of at a contract price of per MWh. 
 In November 2023, the Company entered into an electricity supply agreement with a utility provider for purchase of electricity to be used at one of our RNG facilities for a period of with a monthly notional quantity ranging between and kilo-watt hour ("kWh") and with fixed contract price per kWh. The forward contract is expected to be settled by physical delivery of electricity on a monthly basis. The Company elected the normal purchase 
 31 

November 17, 2022 January 1, 2023 December 31, 2024 
 Commodity swaps - unrealized gain (loss) Revenues - Renewable Power ) ) ) Total realized and unrealized gain Revenues - Renewable Power 
 
 Derivative financial asset, current portion 
 Other derivative liabilities 
 On July 21, 2022, the Company recorded derivative liabilities for the outstanding public warrants and private warrants, put option to Meteora, the Sponsor Earnout Awards and the OPAL Earnout Awards. The private and public warrants were exchanged into Class A common stock in the fourth quarter of 2022. The put option with Meteora expired in January 2023. The change in fair value on Sponsor Earnout and OPAL Earnout Awards is recorded as change in fair value of derivative instruments, net in the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 ) Sponsor Earnout Awards ) ) OPAL Earnout Awards ) Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net 
 32 

The carrying value of the Company's long-term debt, which are considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, approximates its fair value because our interest rate is variable and reflects current market rates. 
 
 The Company estimated the fair value of its asset retirement obligations based on discount rates ranging from to . 
 33 

post-close period. Assumptions used in the valuation are as follows: 
 Current stock price The Company's closing stock price of as of September 30, 2024; 
 Expected volatility based on historical and implied volatilities of selected industry peers deemed to be comparable to our business corresponding to the expected term of the awards; 
 Risk-free interest rate based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of issuance for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities corresponding to the expected year term of the earnout period; 
 Dividend yield - . 
 The fair value of the OPAL Earnout Awards as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was determined to be zero as their expiration date is December 31, 2024 and the Company does not expect to achieve the earn-out target. 
 Convertible note receivable 
 In July, 2024, the Company purchased a convertible note pursuant to which the Company has the right to convert the note into shares of common stock of the investee. The convertible note receivable is classified as available-for-sale. The Company elected to measure the Convertible note receivable initially and subsequently at fair value with changes reported in earnings to accurately reflect current market expectations and conditions. The Convertible note receivable is accounted for based on Level 3 inputs, which consist of unobservable inputs and reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset. The Company presented the aggregate of fair value and non-fair value amounts in the same line item in the statement of financial position and disclosed the amount measured at fair value included in the aggregate amount. Interest income is included in the Convertible note receivable line. As of September 30, 2024 , fair value of the Convertible note equaled to . 
 There were no transfers of assets between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2024. 
 Earnout liabilities Assets: Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - current and non-current (1) 
 Short term investments Interest rate swap contracts 
 Commodity swap contracts Convertible note receivable 
 
 34 

Earnout liabilities Assets: Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - current and non-current (1) 
 Short term investments Commodity swap contracts 
 (1) Includes balances in money market accounts of and , respectively as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 A summary of changes in the fair values of the Company s Level 3 instruments, attributable to asset retirement obligations, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is included in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 
 10. 
 newly authorized common units and Series A-1 preferred units to Hillman RNG Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of Fortistar ("Hillman") in return for Hillman s non-controlling interest in RNG project subsidiaries for total consideration of . Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, the Series A-1 preferred units have been converted to Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests. The Company recorded preferred dividend of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company recorded paid-in-kind preferred dividend of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Please see Note 13. Redeemable non-controlling interests, Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests and Stockholders' Deficit, for additional information. 
 Issuance of Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests 
 On November 29, 2021, NextEra subscribed for up to Series A preferred units, which are issuable (in whole or in increments) at the Company s discretion prior to June 30, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn and issued Series A preferred units. The Company recorded preferred dividend of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company recorded paid-in-kind preferred dividend of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Please see Note 13. Redeemable non-controlling interests, Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests and Stockholders' Deficit , for additional information. 
 Purchase and sale agreement for environmental attributes 
 On November 29, 2021, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement with NextEra for the environmental attributes generated by the RNG Fuels business. Under this agreement, the Company plans to sell a minimum of of the environmental attributes generated and will receive net proceeds based on the agreed upon price less a specified discount. A specified volume of environmental attributes sold per quarter will incur a fee per environmental attribute in addition to the specified discount. The agreement was effective beginning January 1, 2022. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company earned net revenues after discount and fees of and , respectively, under this contract which was recorded as part of Revenues - RNG Fuel and revenues of and , respectively, under this contract which was recorded as part of Revenues - Fuel Station Services. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company earned net revenues after discount and fees of and , 
 35 

and , respectively, under this contract which was recorded as part of Revenues - Fuel Station Services. Please see Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information. 
 Commodity swap contracts under ISDA and REC sales contracts 
 The Company entered into an ISDA agreement with NextEra in November 2019. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company enters into commodity swap contracts on a periodic basis. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were commodity swap contracts outstanding. The Company records the realized and unrealized gain (loss) on these commodity swap contracts as part of Revenues - Renewable Power. Please see Note 9. Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements for additional information. Additionally, the Company has contracts to sell RECs and capacity to NextEra on multiple Renewable Power facilities at market price. The Company recorded and as revenues earned under these contracts for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company recorded and as revenues earned for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Purchase of investments from Related Parties 
 In August 2021, the Company acquired of the ownership interests in Reynolds, an RNG production facility for which was funded with cash on hand. Reynolds held an equity investment of Class B units in GREP representing interest for a cash consideration of which owns of Biotown, a power generation facility under development to convert to an RNG facility. The Reynolds transaction was an asset acquisition from an affiliate under common control. The Company accounts for its equity investment in GREP under the equity method. The Company recorded a net loss of and as its share of net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company recorded a net loss of and as its share of net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Revenues contracts with equity method investment entities 
 The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, OPAL Fuel Station Services contracted with Pine Bend in December 2020, Noble Road in March 2021, Biotown in July 2021 and Emerald in December 2021 to dispense RNG and to generate and market resulting RINs. The Company receives non-cash consideration in the form of RINs or LCFSs for providing these services and recognizes the RINs and LCFSs received as inventory based on their estimated fair value at contract inception. Additionally, OPAL Fuel Station Services provides the same services to all wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. The revenues earned from the wholly-owned entities are fully eliminated in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 The term of these contracts each runs for a term of years. The Company receives non-cash consideration in the form of RINs or LCFSs for providing these services and recognizes the RINs or LCFSs received as inventory based on their estimated fair value at contract inception. Noble Road and Pine Bend came online in the first and third quarter of 2022 and Emerald in the third quarter of 2023. Biotown came online in the fourth quarter of 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company earned environmental processing fees of and , net of intersegment elimination, under this agreement which are included in Fuel Station Services revenues in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company earned environmental processing fees of and , net of intersegment elimination, under this agreement which are included in Fuel Station Services revenues in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 36 

days termination occurs earlier due to dissolution of the Company or the agreement is terminated by the Company s secured lenders in certain circumstances. The agreement provides for payment of service fees based on actual time incurred at contractually agreed rates provided for in the Administrative Services Agreement, as well as a fixed annual payment of per year adjusted annually for inflation. Additionally, the agreement provides for the Company to receive credits for any services provided by the Company's employees to Fortistar. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there have been no material services provided by the Company's employees to Fortistar. 
 In June 2021, the Company entered into a management services agreement with Costar Partners LLC Costar ), an affiliate of Fortistar. Pursuant to the agreement, Costar provides information technology IT support services, software use, licensing services, management of third party infrastructure and security services and additional IT services as needed by the Company. The agreement provides for Costar to be compensated based on actual costs incurred and licensing fees per user for certain software applications. The initial term of the agreement was for and renews automatically on an annual basis unless the termination occurs earlier due to dissolution of the Company or it is terminated by the Company s secured lenders in certain circumstances. 
 On October 10, 2023, the board of directors of the Company appointed Mr. Scott Contino as Interim CFO. Mr. Contino has served as Fortistar's CFO for the past eighteen years. In connection with the appointment, the Company entered into an interim services agreement ("Interim Services Agreement") with Fortistar in accordance with the terms and conditions of the existing Administrative Services Agreement. Pursuant to the Interim Services Agreement, the Company will pay Fortistar an agreed hourly rate, such that the monthly fee does not exceed , on a cumulative basis. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid and , respectively which is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 Rent - fixed compensation IT services Total 
 
 The following table presents the various balances for related parties included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 37 

Liabilities: Payables to equity method investment entities Accounts payable, related party NextEra Accounts payable, related party Staffing and management services - Fortistar Accounts payable, related party IT services - Costar Accounts payable, related party Total liabilities - related party 
 
 11. 
 operating segments based on the characteristics of its renewable power generation, dispensing portfolio, and the nature of other products and services. 
 We aligned our reportable segments disclosure to align with the information and internal reporting that is provided to our Chief Operating Decision Makers. Therefore, the Company reassessed its reportable segments and revised all the prior periods to make the segment disclosures comparable. 
 RNG Fuel. The RNG Fuel segment relates to all RNG supply directly related to the generation and sale of brown gas and environmental credits, and consists of: 
 Development and construction RNG facilities in which long term gas right contracts have been, or are in the process of being ratified and the construction of RNG generation facilities. 
 RNG supply operating facilities This includes the generation, extraction, and sale of RNG - plus associated RINs and LCFSs from landfills. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company has accounted for its interests in Pine Bend, Noble Road, GREP, Paragon and SJI under the equity method of accounting and the results of operations of Beacon, New River, Polk County, Cottonwood, Central Valley, Prince William and Sunoma were consolidated in its condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company has accounted for its interests in Pine Bend, Noble Road and GREP under the equity method of accounting and the results of operations of Beacon, New River, Central Valley, Prince William and Sunoma were consolidated in its condensed consolidated statement of operations. As of May 30, 2023, the Company deconsolidated Emerald and Sapphire. As a result, the Company consolidated Emerald and Sapphire for the period between January 1, 2023 and May 30, 2023 and recorded its ownership interests in Paragon which includes Emerald and Sapphire as equity method investment. Subsequent to May 30, 2023, the Company reported the results of Emerald and Sapphire as part of the income from equity method investments. 
 As of September 30, 2024, Central Valley, Polk County, Cottonwood and projects included in SJI Joint Venture (Atlantic and Burlington) are not operational. Prince William commenced operations during the second quarter of 2024, Sapphire commenced operations during the third quarter of 2024. 
 Fuel Station Services. Through its Fuel Station Services segment , t he Company provides construction and maintenance services to third-party owners of vehicle Fueling Stations and performs fuel dispensing activities including generation and minting of environmental credits. This segment includes: 
 Service and maintenance contracts for RNG/CNG fueling sites. Includes a manufacturing division that builds compact fueling systems and defueling systems. 
 38 

operating segments meets the characteristics of a reportable segment under U.S. GAAP. The Company's activities and assets that are not associated with the reportable segments are summarized in the "Other" category below. These include corporate investment income, interest income and interest expense, income tax expense, and other non-allocated costs. The Company evaluates performance based on net income. 
 RNG Fuel (1) 
 Fuel Station Services (2) 
 Other (3) 
 Intersegment eliminations 
 ) ) ) ) Equity Method Investment(s) ) ) ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) Includes revenues from our equity method investments. 
 (2) Includes intersegment revenues eliminated in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 (3) Other includes management fee revenues earned from operations and management of unconsolidated entities and Fortistar Contracting LLC. 
 
 39 

) ) RNG Fuel ) ) ) ) Fuel Station Services ) ) Corporate Equity Method Investment(s) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Depreciation, Amortization, and Accretion: Renewable Power RNG Fuel Fuel Station Services Other (1) 
 Equity Method Investment(s) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Other includes amortization of intangible assets and depreciation expense not allocated to any segment. 
 
 RNG Fuel Fuel Station Services Corporate ) ) ) Equity Method Investment(s) 
 
 RNG Fuel 
 40 

RNG Fuel Fuel Station Services Corporate 
 Equity Method Investment(s) 
 Geographic Information: The Company's assets and revenue generating activities are domiciled in the United States of America. 
 
 12. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held equity interests in VIEs Sunoma, GREP, Emerald, Sapphire, Paragon, SJI Joint Venture (RNG Atlantic and RNG Burlington) and Central Valley. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, GREP, Paragon and SJI were presented as equity method investments and the remaining VIEs Sunoma and Central Valley are consolidated by the Company. 
 In 2020, the Company acquired a variable interest in Sunoma in a joint venture with a third-party who does not have any equity at risk but participates in proportionate share of income or losses, which may be significant. Additionally, the assets in Sunoma are collateralized under the Sunoma loan, the proceeds of which are used for partial financing of the construction of the Sunoma facility. Therefore, the significant assets and liabilities of Sunoma are parenthesized in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 The Company determined that each of these entities is a VIE and in its capacity as a managing member except for Emerald and Sapphire, the Company is the primary beneficiary. The Company is deemed as a primary beneficiary based on two conditions: 
 The Company, as a managing member, has the power to order the activities that significantly impact the economic performance of the entities including establishment of strategic, operating, and capital decisions for each of these entities; and 
 The Company has the obligation to absorb the potential losses for the right to receive potential benefits, which could be significant to the VIE; 
 41 

Accounts receivable, net Restricted cash - current Parts inventory 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Restricted cash, non-current Total assets Liabilities and equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accounts payable, related party Accrued expenses Accrued payroll 
 Other current liabilities Sunoma Loan- current portion Total current liabilities Sunoma loan, net of debt issuance costs Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Equity Stockholders' equity Non-redeemable non-controlling interests Total equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
 13. 
 42 

shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, (ii) shares of New OPAL Class B common stock issued and outstanding (shares of Class B common stock do not have any economic value except voting rights as described below), (iii) shares of Class C common stock issued and outstanding and (iv) shares of Class D common stock (shares of Class D common stock do not have any economic value except voting rights as described below). 
 Share conversion 
 On March 12, 2024, Fortistar, through its subsidiary OPAL Holdco LLC, converted million shares of Class D common stock of the Company held by it, each of which is entitled to votes per share on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote, for an equal number of shares of newly issued Class B common stock of the Company, each of which is entitled to vote on such matters. This transaction has no effect on the economic interest in the Company held by Fortistar or OPAL Holdco LLC. Fortistar converted such shares in order that the Company s Class A common stock would become eligible for inclusion in certain stock market indices, on which many broad-based mutual funds and exchange-traded index funds are based. Subsequent to the exchange, Fortistar holds shares of Class D common stock and shares of Class B common stock. 
 ATM Program 
 On November 17, 2023, OPAL Fuels Inc. (the Company entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc., Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated (each, an Agent, and collectively, the Agents pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell shares of its Class A common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million from time to time through the Agents. 
 The Company will pay each Agent, upon the sale by such Agent of Class A common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement, an amount equal to up to of the gross proceeds of each such sale of Class A common stock. The Company has also provided the Agents with customary indemnification rights. 
 The Company issued shares of Class A common stock under the ATM Program during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 at prices ranging between and and received net proceeds of . 
 Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests 
 On November 29, 2021, as part of an exchange agreement Hillman exchange ), the Company issued Series A-1 preferred units to Hillman in return for Hillman s non-controlling interest in RNG project subsidiaries. 
 On November 29, 2021, NextEra subscribed for up to Series A preferred units, which are issuable (in whole or in increments) at the Company s discretion prior to June 30, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company had drawn and issued Series A preferred units. 
 Upon completion of Business Combination, the Company assumed Series A-1 preferred units and Series A preferred units which were issued and outstanding by OPAL Fuels. The Company recorded the Series A-1 preferred units and Series A preferred units as Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests. The Company has elected to adjust the carrying value of the preferred units to the redemption value at the end of each reporting period by immediately amortizing the issuance costs in the first reporting period after issuance of the preferred units. 
 
 43 

Preferred dividends attributable to OPAL Fuels Preferred dividends attributable to Class A common stockholders Payment of Preferred dividends ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 

Terms of Redeemable preferred units 
 The Series A and Series A-1 preferred units (together the Preferred Units have substantially the same terms and features which are listed below: 
 Voting: The Series A-1 preferred units to Hillman do not have any voting rights. The Series A preferred units issued to NextEra have limited rights to prevent the Company from taking certain actions including (i) major issuances of new debt or equity (ii) executing transactions with affiliates which are not at arm-length basis (iii) major disposition of assets and (iv) major acquisition of assets outside of the Company s primary business. 
 
 Dividends: The Preferred Units are entitled to receive dividends at the rate of per annum. Dividends begin accruing for each unit from the date of issuance and are payable each quarter end regardless of whether they are declared. The dividends are mandatory and cumulative. The Company is allowed to elect to issue additional Preferred Units (paid-in-kind) in lieu of cash for the first dividend payment dates. The Company elected to pay the dividends to be paid-in-kind for all periods presented. In the occurrence of certain events of default, the annual dividend rate increases to . Additionally, the dividend rate increases by for each unrelated uncured event of default up to a maximum of . 
 Liquidation preference: In the event of liquidation of the Company, each holder of a unit of Series A and Series A-1 is entitled to be paid on pro-rata basis the original issue price of per unit plus any accrued and unpaid dividends out of the assets of the Company available for distribution after payment of the Company s debt and liabilities and liquidation expenses. 
 Redemption: At any time after issuance, the Company may redeem the Redeemable preferred units for a price equal to original issue price of per unit plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. Holders of the Preferred Units may redeem for an amount equal to original issue price of per unit plus any accrued and unpaid dividends upon (i) occurrence of certain change in control event (ii) at the end of from the date of issuance, except the Preferred Units issued to Hillman can only be redeemed days after the fourth year anniversary of the first issuance of Preferred Units to NextEra. The maturity date is determined to be the date at which the holder s redemption option becomes exercisable as this is the date in which both the Company and the holder may redeem the preferred units. The maturity date could be as early as November 29, 2025 but no later than June 30, 2026, depending on when the Series A units to NextEra are issued as previously detailed herein. 
 Conversion: Holder s may elect to convert Preferred Units into common units in the limited chance that the Company fails to redeem the Preferred Units under an optional redemption, the annual dividend rate increases to and is further increased to after one year, and thereafter by every 90 days up to a cap of . The Company must also redeem all NextEra Series A preferred units on which the redemption option has been exercised prior to redeeming any Hillman Series A-1 preferred units. If elected, the holder may convert all or a portion of its Preferred Units into a number of common units equal to: (i) number of Preferred Units, multiplied by, (ii) plus accrued and unpaid cash dividends, divided by, (iii) conversion price. The conversion price is equal to the value of the Company s common units determined as follows, and reduced by a discount if conversion occurs during the first year of delayed redemption, a discount during the 2nd year, and a discount thereafter: 
 1. Using volume-weighted average price VWAP of the Company's common shares. 
 44 

Class B Units. Each Class B Unit is paired with 1 non-economic share of Class D common stock issued by the Company. Each pair of Class B Unit and 1 share of Class D common stock is exchangeable to either 1 share of Class A common stock or 1 share of Class C common stock at the holder's option. Upon an exchange for Class A common stock, the Company has the option to redeem shares for cash at their market value. 
 as the redemption value based on a 5 day VWAP of per share. 

14. 
 shares in treasury and shares that are issued and outstanding but are contingent on achieving earnout targets. During the first quarter of 2023, the put option was exercised and shares of Class A common stock were cancelled. 
 The diluted income per share of Class A common stock for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 does not include Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests because the substantive contingency for conversion has not been met as of September 30, 2024. It does not include OPAL Fuels Class B units representing Redeemable non-controlling interest as its impact is anti-dilutive. It does not include Sponsor Earnout Awards and OPAL Earnout Awards as their target share price and adjusted EBITDA contingencies have not been met as of September 30, 2024. The outstanding stock options issued under the 2022 Plan are not included as their impact is antidilutive. The number of anti-dilutive outstanding restricted stock units for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is and , respectively. The outstanding performance units under the 2022 Plan are not included as the performance conditions have not been met as of September 30, 2024. 
 The diluted income per share of Class A common stock for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 does not include Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests and the Convertible Note Payable because the substantive contingency for conversion has not been met as of September 30, 2023. It does not include OPAL Fuels Class B units representing Redeemable non-controlling interest as its impact is anti-dilutive. It does not include Sponsor Earnout Awards and OPAL Earnout Awards as their target share price and adjusted EBITDA contingencies have not been met as of September 30, 2023. The outstanding stock options issued under the 2022 Plan are not included as their impact is dilutive. The outstanding performance units under the 2022 Plan are not included as the performance conditions have not been met as of September 30, 2023. 
 The Class B common stock and D common stock do not participate in the earnings or losses of the Company and are therefore not participating securities. As such, separate presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share of Class B common stock and Class D common stock under the two-class method has not been presented. 
 45 

) Weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock - basic Dilutive effect of stock options, restricted stock units, performance units, Convertible note payable, earnout shares, Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests, Redeemable non-controlling interests Weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock - diluted Net (loss) income per share of Class A common stock Basic ) Diluted ) 
 
 15. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded income tax benefit, as a result of the sale to a third-party purchaser of certain transferable Investment Tax Credits that had been generated by the Company from its investments in the RNG segment. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded income tax benefit. The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was . The difference between the Company s effective tax rate and the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 was primarily due to a full valuation allowance recorded on the Company s net U.S. deferred tax assets. The Company evaluates the realizability of the deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset may not be realized. 
 
 16. 
 46 

shares of Class A common stock that can be issued under this Plan. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued stock options, restricted stock units and performance units to certain employees of the Company. The applicable performance period for such performance units is January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2026, and all such performance units are scheduled to vest on March 31, 2027 subject to achievement of certain performance criteria. The fair value of the stock options was determined to be based on Black Scholes model based on the share price of , exercise price of , expiration of years, annual risk free interest rate of and volatility of . Additionally, the Company issued restricted stock units to the board of directors which vest on their first anniversary. The total fair value of the equity awards was . 
 47 

Equal installments vesting over one or . 
 Granted during the nine months ending September 30, 2024 
 Equal installments vesting over one or . 
 Vested during 2024 
 ) ) Withheld for settlement of taxes ) ) Forfeitures during 2024 
 ) ) Restricted Stock Units outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Stock Options (1) : 
 Unvested awards as of December 31, 2023 
 equal installments vesting over 
 Granted during the nine months ending September 30, 2024 
 equal installments vesting over 
 Forfeitures during 2024 ) ) Outstanding Stock Options at September 30, 2024 
 Stock Options vested and exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 Performance Stock Units: Unvested awards as of December 31, 2023 
 vesting on March 31, 2026 
 Granted during the nine months ending September 30, 2024 
 vesting on March 31, 2027 
 Vested during 2024 ) ) Forfeitures during 2024 
 ) ) Performance Stock Units outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Total awards outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 
 -years. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there are and , respectively, of stock options vested and exercisable at exercise price shown above. The aggregate intrinsic value of the outstanding stock options is as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 48 

Parent equity awards 
 
 17. 
 and standby letters of credit totaling and , respectively, to support obligations of certain Company subsidiaries. These letters of credit were issued in favor of a lender, utilities, a governmental agency, and an independent system operator under PPA electrical interconnection agreements, and in place of a debt service reserve. There have been draws to date on these letters of credit. 
 Purchase Options 
 The Company has contracts with customers to provide CNG for periods of seven and , respectively. The customers have an option to terminate the contracts and purchase the Company's CNG Fueling Station at the customers' sites for a fixed amount that declines annually. 
 In July 2015, the Company entered into a fuel sales agreement with a customer that included the construction of a CNG Fueling Station owned and managed by the Company on the customer's premises. At the end of the contract term, the customer has an option to purchase the CNG Fueling Station for a fixed amount. The cost of the CNG Fueling Station was recorded to Property, plant, and equipment and is being depreciated over the contract term. 
 Guaranty 
 On September 13, 2024, OPAL Paragon entered into a tax credit purchasing agreement with Apollo Management Holdings, L.P.,("Buyer"), pursuant to which OPAL Paragon sold investment tax credits to the buyer for net proceeds of . If the tax credits are disallowed or recaptured from the Buyer, OPAL Paragon will be required to return the purchase price and pay any taxes, interests or penalties incurred. 
 In connection with the above transaction, the Company entered into an agreement that guarantees Opal Paragon's obligations up to . This amount decreases annually for . 
 Legal Matters 
 The Company is involved in various claims arising in the normal course of business. Management believes that the outcome of these claims will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Set forth below is information related to the Company s material pending legal proceedings as of the date of this report, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business. 
 Central Valley Project 
 In September 2021, an indirect subsidiary of the Company, MD, entered into a fixed-price Engineering, Procurement and Construction Contract (an EPC Contract with VEC Partners, Inc. d/b/a CEI Builders CEI for the design and construction of a turn-key renewable natural gas production facility using dairy cow manure as feedstock. In December 2021, a second indirect subsidiary of the Company, VS, entered into a nearly identical EPC Contract with CEI for the design and construction of a second facility in connection with the same project. CEI s performance under both of the EPC Contracts is fully bonded by a licensed surety. 
 49 

million (i.e., approximately million in total), to cover cost escalations primarily arising from two events: (i) modifications to CEI s design drawings required to meet its contracted performance guaranties, and (ii) the default of one of CEI s major equipment manufacturers. The Company disputes responsibility for substantially all of the additional costs. 
 On January 5, 2024, the Company filed a civil lawsuit captioned, MD Digester, LLC. et. al. vs. VEC Partners, Inc. et. al.; California Superior Court, County of San Joaquin; Action No. STK-CV-UCC-2024-0000185 and commenced a related arbitration proceeding in order to obtain a formal determination on the claims, AAA Case No. 01-24-0000-0775. The Superior Court Action will be stayed, pending an award in the AAA proceeding. The AAA proceeding has been set for hearing in January 2026. The Company and CEI have each nominated one arbitrator (each, a Party-selected Arbitrator and a third arbitrator was appointed by the Party-selected Arbitrators to chair the panel. As a result of the procedural status of these matters, discovery has commenced but is not completed. 
 The EPC Contract requires that CEI, continue working during the course of the litigation and related arbitration proceedings; however, CEI effectively stopped working. On June 26, 2024, MD issued a Notice of Default and Demand to Cure to CEI. CEI failed to do so, and on July 30, 2024, MD terminated CEI for default. MD has notified CEI s bond surety of the termination and demanded that it perform under the bond. The surety has denied the claim and MD intends to bring performance bond claims against the surety in the AAA Arbitration with CEI. 
 On July 11, 2024, VS issued a Notice of Default and Demand to Cure, advising CEI of its defaults and giving it an opportunity to cure. CEI failed to do so, and on August 27, 2024, VS terminated CEI for default. VS has notified CEI s bond surety of the second termination and demanded that it perform under the bond. The surety is investigating the claim and its response is expected to be issued in November 2024. If the surety denies the claim, in whole or in part, VS intends to bring performance bond claims against the surety in the AAA Arbitration with CEI. 
 
 The Company believes its claims against CEI (and the surety where bond claims are denied) have substantial merit, and intends to prosecute the claims vigorously. However, due to the incipient stage of the litigation and related arbitration, the recency of the termination, and the ongoing status of the proceedings and discussions with the bond surety, as well as the uncertainties involved in all litigation and arbitration, the Company does not believe it is feasible at this time to assess the likely outcome of the litigation and related arbitration, the timing of its resolution, or its ultimate impact, if any, on the Central Valley projects or the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 18. 
 50 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 In this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section, references to "OPAL", "we", "us", "our", and the "Company" refer to OPAL Fuels Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on March 15, 2024. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis includes certain forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. The Company's actual results may materially differ from these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 The Company is a vertically integrated leader in the capture and conversion of biogas into low carbon intensity renewable natural gas (RNG) and Renewable Power. OPAL Fuels is also a leader in the marketing and distribution of RNG to heavy duty trucking and other hard to de-carbonize industrial sectors. RNG is chemically identical to the natural gas used for cooking, heating homes and fueling natural gas engines, but it is produced by recycling methane emissions created by decaying organic waste. We have participated in the biogas-to-energy industry for over 25 years. 
 Biogas is generated by microbes as they break down organic matter in the absence of oxygen. Biogas is comprised of non-fossil waste gas, with high concentrations of methane, which is the primary component of RNG and the source for combustion utilized by Renewable Power plants to generate electricity. Biogas can be collected and processed to remove impurities for use as RNG (a form of high-Btu fuel) and injected into existing natural gas pipelines as it is fully interchangeable with fossil natural gas. Partially treated biogas can be used directly in heating applications (as a form of medium-Btu fuel) or in the production of Renewable Power. Our principal sources of biogas are (i) landfill gas, which is produced by the decomposition of organic waste at landfills, and (ii) dairy manure, which is processed through anaerobic digesters to produce the biogas. 
 We also design, develop, construct, operate and service Fueling Stations for trucking fleets across the country that use natural gas to displace diesel as their transportation fuel. We have participated in the alternative vehicle fuels industry for approximately 13 years and have established an expanding network of Fueling Stations for dispensing RNG. In addition, we have recently begun implementing design, development, and construction services for hydrogen fueling stations, and we are pursuing opportunities to diversify our sources of biogas to other waste streams. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we owned and operated 25 projects, 10 of which are RNG projects and 15 of which are Renewable Power projects. As of that date, our RNG projects in operation had a design capacity of 7.8 million MMBtus per year and our Renewable Power projects in operation had a nameplate capacity of 105.8 MW per hour. In addition to these projects in operation, we are actively pursuing expansion of our RNG-generating capacity and, accordingly, have a portfolio of RNG projects in construction as well as a portfolio of projects in development, with six of our current Renewable Power projects being considered candidates for conversion to RNG projects in the foreseeable future. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("U.S. GAAP") and the rules and regulations of the SEC, which apply to interim financial statements. The preparation of those financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 Critical accounting policies are those that reflect significant judgments of uncertainties and potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. We have described below what we believe are our most critical accounting policies, because they generally involve a comparatively higher degree of judgment in their application. For a detailed description of all our accounting policies, see Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our condensed consolidated financial statements included herein and the section titled Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates contained in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 51 

Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The significant estimates and assumptions of the Company relate to the useful lives of property, plant and equipment, the value of stock-based compensation and the fair value of derivatives including earnout liabilities, asset retirement obligations, incremental borrowing rates, percentage of completion for revenue recognition, impairment assessment of goodwill, estimated losses on trade receivables, interest rate swaps and commodity swap contracts. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Key Factors and Trends Influencing our Results of Operations 
 The principal factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition are the markets for RNG, Renewable Power, and associated Environmental Attributes, and access to suitable biogas production resources. Additional factors and trends affecting our business are discussed in " Risk Factors " elsewhere in this report. 
 Market Demand for RNG 
 Demand for our converted biogas and associated Environmental Attributes, including RINs and LCFS credits, is heavily influenced by United States federal and state energy regulations together with commercial interest in renewable energy products. Markets for RINs and LCFS credits arise from regulatory mandates that require refiners and blenders to incorporate renewable content into transportation fuels. The EPA annually sets proposed renewable volume obligations ("RVOs") for D3 (cellulosic biofuel with a 60 greenhouse gas GHG reduction requirement) RINs in accordance with the mandates established by the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. In June 2023, the EPA set RVOs for 2023 through 2025 via a new Set rule. This 3 year RVO is expected to reduce volatility in RIN pricing for the associated period. On the state level, the economics of RNG are enhanced by low-carbon fuel initiatives, particularly well-established programs in California and Oregon (with several other states also actively considering LCFS initiatives similar to those in California, Washington and Oregon). Federal and state regulatory developments could result in significant future changes to market demand for the RINs and LCFS credits we produce. This would have a corresponding impact to our revenue, net income, and cash flow. 
 Transportation, including heavy-duty trucking, generates approximately 30 of overall CO and other climate-harming GHG emissions in the United States, and transitioning this sector to low and negative carbon fuels is a critical step towards reducing overall global GHG emissions. The adoption rate of RNG-powered vehicles by commercial transportation fleets will significantly impact demand for our products. 
 We are also exposed to the commodity prices of natural gas and diesel, which serve as alternative fuel for RNG and therefore impact the demand for RNG. 
 Renewable Power Markets 
 We also generate revenues from sales of Renewable Power generated by our biogas-to-Renewable Power projects, and associated ISCC Carbon Credits and RECs. ISCC Carbon Credits and RECs exist because of legal and governmental regulatory requirements in Europe and the United States, respectively, and a change in law or in governmental policies concerning Renewable Power, LFG, or ISCC Carbon Credits or RECs could affect the market for, and the pricing of, such power and credits. 
 We periodically evaluate opportunities to convert existing Renewable Power projects to RNG production. We have been negotiating with several of our landfill and Renewable Power counterparties to enter into arrangements that would enable the LFG resource to produce RNG. Changes in the price we receive for Renewable Power, associated ISCC Carbon Credits and RECs, together with the revenue opportunities and conversion costs associated with converting our LFG sites to RNG production, could have a significant impact on our future profitability. 
 
 Subsequent to the reporting period, the Company received notification from its ISCC Carbon Credits marketing firm that certain regulatory changes implemented by the European Union Commission are expected to take effect on November 21, 2024 that will exclude biomethane produced outside of European Union from being certified as eligible to be sold in accordance with the European Union Renewable Energy Directive. As a result, we anticipate that our contracts governing sales of ISCC Carbon Credits will be terminated on or before November 21, 2024. Following such terminations, we expect to earn revenues from these Renewable Power facilities through the existing revenue channels for the sale of renewable 
 52 

electricity and associated RECs to utility providers. The Company continues to explore alternative market opportunities for its Renewable Power segment. 
 Regulatory landscape 
 We operate in an industry that is subject to and currently benefits from environmental regulations. Government policies can increase demand for our products by providing incentives to purchase RNG and Environmental Attributes. These government policies are modified and in flux constantly and any adverse changes to these policies could have a material effect the demand for our products. For more information, see the risk factor in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 titled "The financial performance of our business depends upon tax and other government incentives for the generation of RNG and Renewable Power, any of which could change at any time and such changes may negatively impact our growth strategy." Government regulations have become increasingly stringent and complying with changes in regulations may result in significant additional operating expenses. 
 Biogas Regulatory Reform Rule 
 On July 12, 2023, the EPA issued final rule 88 Fed. Reg. 44468 (July 12, 2023) to, in part, implement biogas regulatory reform to the EPA s Renewable Fuel Standard Program RFS (the Biogas Regulatory Reform Rule or BRRR ). BRRR significantly changes the method by which RINs are generated from biogas feedstock and how market participants are required to administer RINs. 
 BRRR requires all parties in the chain of title to biogas, renewable natural gas, and RINs to register with the EPA. By January 1, 2025, all parties must comply with BRRR and only biogas and RNG produced and dispensed under BRRR are eligible for RIN generation. 
 The Company has timely completed applications for registration under BRRR of its RNG production projects in operations. The Company anticipates receiving EPA registration acceptance for these projects prior to January 1, 2025. There can be no assurance, however, that such approval from EPA will be received by January 1, 2025. 
 BRRR also requires RNG RIN separators to register with the EPA for each CNG dispensing station. The Company is in the process of registering as RNG RIN separator, for fueling stations that account for approximately 57 of the Company s CNG dispensing capacity. Wherever the Company is not registered as the RNG RIN separator, it will rely on the owner/operator of the fueling station to perform the role as RNG RIN separator (i.e., separating the RINs and transferring them to the Company for monetization). There can be no assurance that these owners/operators will timely provide the necessary administrative services and transactional data required for the separation and transfer of RINs from these stations. If we are unable to receive RINs from stations representing a material proportion of our dispensing capacity, it would have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Please see Part II, Item 1A: Risk Factors of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 The Inflation Reduction Act (the "IRA") was signed into law on August 16, 2022. The bill invests nearly 369 billion in energy and climate policies. The provisions of the IRA are intended to, among other things, incentivize domestic clean energy investment, manufacturing, and deployment. The IRA incentivizes the deployment of clean energy technologies by extending and expanding federal incentives such as ITCs and the PTC. We view the enactment of the IRA as favorable for the overall business climate for the renewable energy industry. However, there is uncertainty related to the applicability of the IRA to our current and planned projects and the scope of the IRA and its interpretations may change if there is a change in the U.S. administration or if government agencies authority to interpret federal law is restricted as a result of the Supreme Court s review of the Chevron doctrine under which federal government agencies have been awarded board authority to interpret broad or ambiguous legislation. We may also continue to experience a delay in our sales cycles and new award activity as our customers consider the applicability of the IRA and as financing projects may take longer as a result of this uncertainty. The IRA may increase the competition in our industry and as such increase the demand and cost for labor, equipment and commodities needed for our projects. 
 In November 2023, the Treasury and the IRS proposed regulations regarding ITCs on renewable energy projects where IRS specified certain types of RNG equipment are ineligible for ITCs which could negatively impact the profitability of our RNG business and our ability to finance our RNG projects. In February 2024, the Treasury and the IRS released a correction to the proposed regulations clarifying that certain of such equipment may be eligible for ITCs. These regulations are merely proposed, and Treasury and the IRS are collecting and reviewing comments received regarding the proposed 
 53 

regulations. The proposed regulations also contain provisions that we believe create uncertainty relating to the ownership, installation or modification of equipment and property on which ITCs can be claimed. 
 If the final regulations are enacted in a form that limits, in whole or in part, the amount of ITCs for certain of our construction costs, this would reduce the amount of ITCs available and thus could have a material adverse effect on our operations and our business. 
 On September 13, 2024, OPAL Paragon LLC ("OPAL Paragon"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and owner of 50 of the equity interests of Paragon ("Seller"), entered into a Tax Credit Purchase Agreement ("TCPA") with Apollo Management Holdings, L.P. ("Buyer"). Pursuant to the terms of the TCPA, OPAL Paragon caused the Seller to transfer to the Buyer 11.1 million of tax credits generated by the Seller for a purchase price of 8.9 million, net of fees and expenses. The TCPA contains certain representations, covenants and indemnities of OPAL Paragon with respect to the availability, transferability and sustainability of the tax credits. If the tax credits are disallowed or recaptured from the Buyer, OPAL Paragon will be required to return the purchase price and pay any taxes, interests or penalties incurred. 
 Seasonality 
 We experience seasonality in our results of operations. Sale of RNG may be impacted by higher consumption by some of our customers during summer months. Additionally, the price of RNG is higher during the fall and winter months due to increase in overall demand for natural gas during the winter months. Revenues generated from our renewable electricity projects in the northeast U.S., all of which sell electricity at market prices, are affected by warmer and colder weather, and therefore a portion of our quarterly operating results and cash flows are affected by pricing changes due to regional temperatures. These seasonal variances are managed in part by certain off-take agreements at fixed prices. 
 
 Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 We generate revenues from the sale of RNG Fuel, Renewable Power, and associated Environmental Attributes, as well as from the construction, fuel supply, and servicing of Fueling Stations for commercial transportation vehicles using natural gas to power their fleets. These revenue sources are presented in our condensed consolidated statements of operations under the following captions: 
 RNG Fuel. The RNG Fuel segment includes RNG supply as well as the associated generation and sale of commodity natural gas and environmental credits, and consists of: 
 RNG Production Facilities the design, development, construction, maintenance and operation of facilities that convert raw biogas into pipeline quality natural gas; and 
 Our interests in both operating and construction projects. 
 Fuel Station Services. Through its Fuel Station Services segment , we provide construction and maintenance services to third-party owners of vehicle Fueling Stations and performs fuel dispensing activities including generation and minting of environmental credits. This segment includes: 
 Manufacturing division that builds compact fueling systems and defueling systems; 
 Design/Build contracts where the Company serves as general contractor for construction of Fueling Stations, typically structured as Guarantee Maximum Price or fixed priced contracts for customers, generally lasting less than one year; 
 Service and maintenance contracts for RNG/CNG Fueling Stations; and 
 RNG and CNG Fuel Dispensing Stations - This includes both the dispensing (or sale) of RNG, CNG, and environmental credit generation and monetization. We operate Fueling Stations that dispense both CNG and RNG fuel for vehicles. 
 Renewable Power Portfolio. The Renewable Power segment generates Renewable Power and associated Environmental Attributes such as ISCC Carbon Credits and RECs through combustion of biogas from landfills which is then sold to public utilities throughout the United States. Please see Note 18. Subsequent Events to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Our costs of sales associated with each revenue category are as follows: 
 54 

RNG Fuel. Includes royalty payments to biogas site owners for the biogas we use; service provider costs; salaries and other indirect expenses related to the production process, utilities, transportation, storage, and insurance; and depreciation of production facilities. 
 Fuel Station Services. Includes equipment supplier costs; service provider costs; and salaries and other indirect expenses. 
 Renewable Power. Includes land usage costs; service provider costs; salaries and other indirect expenses related to the production process; utilities; and depreciation of production facilities. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense consists of costs involving corporate overhead functions, including the cost of services provided to us by an affiliate, and marketing costs. 
 Depreciation and amortization primarily relate to depreciation associated with property, plant, and equipment and amortization of acquired intangibles arising from PPAs and interconnection contracts. We are in the process of expanding our RNG and Renewable Power production capacity and expect depreciation costs to increase as new projects are placed into service. 
 Concentration of customers and associated credit risk 
 The following table summarizes the percentage of consolidated accounts receivable, net by customers that equal or exceed 10 of the consolidated accounts receivable, net as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. No other single customer accounted for 10 or greater of our consolidated accounts receivables in these periods: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Customer A (1) 
 35 40 Customer B 
 24 14 
 (1) Relates to sales of Environmental Attributes under Purchase and Sale agreement with NextEra. 
 The following table summarizes the percentage of consolidated revenues from customers that equal 10 or greater of the consolidated revenues in the period. No other single customer accounted for more than 10 of consolidated revenues in these periods: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Customer A 
 43 24 40 21 Customer B 
 14 14 14 14 Customer C 10 
 
 Results of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Operational data 
 The following table summarizes the operational data achieved for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Landfill RNG Facility Capacity and Utilization Summary 
 55 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Landfill RNG Facility Capacity and Utilization (1)(2)(3)(4) 
 Design Capacity (Million MMBtus) 
 1.7 1.0 4.5 2.8 Volume of Inlet Gas (Million MMBtus) 1.2 0.8 3.3 2.2 Inlet Design Capacity Utilization ) (2) 
 72 81 75 78 RNG Fuel volume produced (Million MMBtus) (1) 
 1.0 0.7 2.6 1.9 Utilization of Inlet Gas ) (3) 
 84 84 82 85 
 
 (1) Design Capacity for RNG facilities is measured as the volume of feedstock biogas that the facility is capable of accepting at the inlet and processing during the associated period. Design Capacity is presented as OPAL s ownership share (i.e., net of joint venture partners ownership) of the facility and is calculated based on the number of days in the period. New facilities that come online during a quarter are pro-rated for the number of days in commercial operation. 
 (2) Inlet Design Capacity Utilization is measured as the Volume of Inlet Gas for a period, divided by the total Design Capacity for such period. The Volume of Inlet Gas varies over time depending on, among other factors, (i) the quantity and quality of waste deposited at the landfill, (ii) waste management practices by the landfill, and (iii) the construction, operations and maintenance of the landfill gas collection system used to recover the landfill gas. The Design Capacity for each facility will typically be correlated to the amount of landfill gas expected to be generated by the landfill during the term of the related gas rights agreement. The Company expects Inlet Design Capacity Utilization to be in the range of 75-85 on an aggregate basis over the next several years. Typically, newer facilities perform at the lower end of this range and demonstrate increasing utilization as they mature and the biogas resource increases at open landfills. 
 (3) Utilization of Inlet Gas is measured as RNG Fuel Volume Produced divided by the Volume of Inlet Gas. Utilization of Inlet Gas varies over time depending on availability and efficiency of the facility and the quality of landfill gas (i.e., concentrations of methane, oxygen, nitrogen, and other gases). The Company generally expects Utilization of Inlet Gas to be in the range of 80 to 90 . 
 (4) Data not available for the Company's dairy projects, i.e., Sunoma and Biotown. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Renewable Power Nameplate Capacity (MW per hour) (1) 
 105.8 112.5 105.8 112.5 Nameplate Capacity for the period (Millions MWh) (1) 
 0.23 0.24 0.70 0.73 Renewable Power produced (Millions MWh) 
 0.09 0.11 0.27 0.35 Design Capacity Utilization ) (2) 
 41 46 39 48 
 (1) Nameplate Capacity for Renewable Power facilities is the manufacturer s expected capacity at ISO conditions for each facility and may not reflect actual production from the projects, which depends on many variables including, but not limited to, (i) quantity and quality of the biogas, (ii) operational up-time of the facility, including dispatch and maintenance downtime and (iii) actual efficiency of the facility. 
 (2) Nameplate Capacity Utilization for Renewable Power facilities is measured as Renewable Power Produced divided by Design Capacity for the period. Given (i) built-in un-utilized capacity from historical designs, (ii) availability (a function of higher maintenance requirements compared to RNG facilities) and (iii) commencement of operations of the Emerald RNG facility, which will result in low levels of dispatch for the Arbor Hills facility (which will operate on a standby basis but remain in the operating portfolio), the Company s Design Capacity Utilization is expected to remain below 50 . 
 
 56 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 RNG Fuel volume produced (Million MMBtus) 
 1.0 0.6 2.8 1.2 RNG Fuel volume sold (Million GGEs) 
 19.6 10.9 54.7 30.3 Total volume delivered (Million GGEs) 
 38.7 33.1 110.3 98.0 
 RNG projects 
 Below is a table setting forth the RNG projects in operation and construction in our portfolio as of September 30, 2024: 
 OPAL's Share of Design capacity (MMBtus per year) (1) 
 Source of biogas Ownership (2) 
 Expected Commercial Operation Date (5) 
 RNG projects in operation: Greentree 1,061,712 LFG 100 N/A Imperial 1,061,712 LFG 100 N/A Emerald (2) 
 1,327,140 LFG 50 N/A Sapphire (2) 
 796,284 LFG 50 N/A New River 663,570 LFG 100 N/A Noble Road (2) 
 464,499 LFG 50 N/A Pine Bend (2) 
 424,685 LFG 50 N/A Biotown (2) 
 48,573 Dairy 10 N/A Sunoma (3) 
 192,350 Dairy 90 N/A Prince William (4) 
 1,725,282 LFG 100 N/A Sub total 7,765,807 RNG projects in construction: Hilltop (6) 
 255,500 Dairy 100 See Footnote 6 Vander Schaaf (6) 
 255,500 Dairy 100 See Footnote 6 Burlington (7) 
 459,900 LFG 50 See Footnote 7 Atlantic (2) 
 331,785 LFG 50 Third quarter 2025 Cottonwood (7) 
 664,884 LFG 100 See Footnote 7 Polk County (8) 
 1,060,000 LFG 100 Fourth quarter 2024 
 Sub total 3,027,569 Total 10,793,376 
 (1) Reflects the Company s ownership share of design capacity for projects that are not 100 owned by the Company (i.e., net of joint venture partners ownership). Design capacity is measured as the volume of feedstock biogas that the plant is capable of accepting at the inlet and processing and may not reflect actual production of RNG from the projects, which will depend on many variables including, but not limited to, (i) quantity and quality of the biogas, (ii) operational up-time of the facility and (iii) actual efficiency of the facility. 
 (2) We record our ownership interests in these projects as equity method investments in our consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

(3) This project has provisions that will adjust or flip the percentage of distributions to be made to us over time, typically triggered by achievement of hurdle rates that are calculated as internal rates of return on capital invested in the project. 
 (4) Prince William commenced the start-up phase of operations in April 2024. 
 (5) Expected Commercial Operation Date COD for commencement of the RNG projects in construction is based on the Company s estimate as of the date of this report. CODs are estimates and are subject to change as a result of, among other factors out of the Company s control: (i) regulatory/permitting approval timing, (ii) disruption in supply chains and (iii) construction timing. 
 (6) Please see Part II, Item 1: Legal Proceedings and Note 17 - Commitments and Contingencies to the financial statements. 
 (7) The construction of the Cottonwood and Burlington projects began in the second and third quarters of 2024, respectively, and is expected to be completed on a time frame consistent with our other RNG projects - approximately 18-20 months. 
 (8) The Polk County project began commercial operation sin October 2024. 
 Renewable Power Projects 
 Below is a table setting forth the Renewable Power projects in operation in our portfolio: 
 Nameplate capacity (MW per hour) (1) 
 Current RNG conversion candidate (2) 
 Renewable Power Projects in operation: Sycamore 5.2 Yes Lopez 3.0 Miramar Energy 3.2 Yes San Marcos 1.8 Santa Cruz 1.6 San Diego - Miramar 6.5 Yes West Covina 6.5 Port Charlotte 2.9 Taunton 3.6 Arbor Hills (3) 
 28.9 N/A C C 6.3 Yes Albany 5.9 Concord and CMS 14.4 Yes Pioneer 8.0 Old Dominion 8.0 Yes Total 105.8 Renewable Power projects in construction: Fall River (4) 
 2.4 
 (1) Nameplate capacity is the manufacturer s expected capacity at ISO conditions for each facility and may not reflect actual production from the projects, which depends on many variables including, but not limited to, (i) quantity and quality of the biogas, (ii) operational up-time of the facility and (iii) actual productivity of the facility. 
 (2) We have determined that some of our Renewable Power projects are currently RNG conversion candidates. The Company identifies suitable RNG conversion candidates based on highest return of capital which is driven by certain factors including, but not limited to (i) the quantity and quality of LFG, (ii) the proximity to pipeline interconnect and (iii) the ability to enter into contracts, including site leases and gas rights agreements, with host sites. The Company may change its decision to convert a Renewable Power Project into an RNG project in the future. The Company believes 
 58 

disclosing Renewable Power conversion candidates provides visibility into the effect of those conversions on the existing Renewable Power portfolio. 
 (3) Although the RNG conversion is completed, it is currently contemplated that the Arbor Hills Renewable Power plant will continue limited operations on a stand-by, emergency basis through March of 2031. 
 (4) Construction of the Fall River project has been delayed due to permitting issues. 
 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table presents the period-over-period change for each line item in the Company's statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: RNG Fuel 25,864 20,088 5,776 29 63,036 37,468 25,568 68 Fuel Station Services 45,395 37,305 8,090 22 121,794 88,089 33,705 38 Renewable Power 12,788 13,708 (920) (7) 35,119 43,543 (8,424) (19) Total revenues 84,047 71,101 12,946 18 219,949 169,100 50,849 30 Operating expenses: Cost of sales - RNG Fuel 9,985 8,243 (1,742) (21) 26,644 22,396 (4,248) (19) Cost of sales - Fuel Station Services 33,609 31,887 (1,722) (5) 94,882 79,655 (15,227) (19) Cost of sales - Renewable Power 7,774 11,112 3,338 30 25,931 28,251 2,320 8 Project development and startup costs 6,803 974 (5,829) (598) 10,523 3,972 (6,551) (165) Selling, general, and administrative 12,692 13,273 581 4 39,552 39,664 112 Depreciation, amortization, and accretion 4,697 3,739 (958) (26) 12,677 10,934 (1,743) (16) Income from equity method investments (3,822) (1,726) 2,096 121 (11,828) (1,433) 10,395 725 Total expenses 71,738 67,502 (4,236) 6 198,381 183,439 (14,942) (8) Operating income (loss) 12,309 3,599 8,710 242 21,568 (14,339) 35,907 250 Other income (expense) Interest and financing expense, net (5,026) (2,885) (2,141) (74) (13,976) (4,482) (9,494) (212) Loss on debt extinguishment (953) 953 100 (2,848) 2,848 100 Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net 278 (138) 416 301 1,457 4,955 (3,498) (71) Other income 640 604 36 6 1,737 123,645 (121,908) (99) Net income (loss) before provision for income taxes 8,201 227 7,974 3513 10,786 106,931 (96,145) (90) Income tax benefit (8,906) 8,906 100 (8,906) 8,906 100 Net income 17,107 227 16,880 7436 19,692 106,931 (87,239) (82) Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
 11,998 (2,104) 14,102 670 9,618 83,123 (73,505) (88) Net income (loss) attributable to non-redeemable non-controlling interests 
 130 (51) 181 355 328 (531) 859 162 Paid-in-kind preferred dividends 2,617 2,782 (165) (6) 7,853 8,394 (541) (6) Net (loss) income attributable to Class A common stockholders 2,362 (400) 2,762 691 1,893 15,945 (14,052) (88) 
 59 

Revenues 
 (in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change RNG Fuel Brown gas sales 1,115 972 143 3,023 3,403 (380) Environmental Attributes (1) 
 24,408 19,116 5,292 58,968 34,065 24,903 Other 341 341 1,045 1,045 Total RNG Fuel 25,864 20,088 5,776 63,036 37,468 25,568 Fuel Station Services OPAL owned stations 8,025 4,895 3,130 19,194 13,421 5,773 RNG marketing (1) 
 20,613 11,956 8,657 55,155 21,728 33,427 Third party station service and maintenance 6,399 5,270 1,129 17,591 15,489 2,102 Construction 10,358 15,184 (4,826) 29,854 37,451 (7,597) Total Fuel Station Services 45,395 37,305 8,090 121,794 88,089 33,705 Renewable Power Electricity sales 7,326 9,170 (1,844) 20,712 27,760 (7,048) Environmental Attributes (2) 
 5,462 4,538 924 14,407 15,783 (1,376) Total Renewable Power 12,788 13,708 (920) 35,119 43,543 (8,424) Total Revenues 84,047 71,101 12,946 219,949 169,100 50,849 
 (1) Revenues from Environmental Attributes in the RNG Fuel segment relate to revenues earned from sales of RINs and LCFSs. Revenues from RNG marketing in the Fuel Station Services segment relate to fees associated with generation and sales of RINs and LCFSs. 
 (2) Revenues from Environmental Attributes in the Renewable Power segment include revenues earned from sales of ISCC Carbon Credits and RECs.Please see Note 18. Subsequent Events to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 RNG Fuel 
 Revenue from RNG Fuel increased by 5.8 million or 29 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to a 2.9 million increase from higher volume of sales of RINs, 1.4 million increase from higher volume of LCFSs sales, a 0.9 million increase from higher RIN pricing, and a 0.4 million increase from management fee revenues. 
 Revenue from RNG Fuel increased by 25.6 million or 68 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to an 11.4 million increase from higher volumes of RINs sold as the Company made a decision to hold the RINs as inventory at hand in 2023, an 8.8 million increase due to higher RIN pricing after the EPA Set Rule was finalized in the second half of 2023, a 4.5 million increase from the sale of LCFSs, and a 0.9 million increase in management fees earned from providing services to equity method entities, partially offset by a 0.4 million decrease in brown gas sales due to lower volumes and pricing. 
 Fuel Station Services 
 Revenue from Fuel Station Services increased by 8.1 million, or 22 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to an increase in revenues from RIN and LCFS minting services of 3.9 million from higher volumes (Emerald ramp-up, Biotown), a 3.6 million increase in third party RIN sales due to increases in volumes and RIN pricing, a 1.1 million increase in third party sales of LCFSs, an increase of 3.1 million in brown gas sales due to increases in price and volumes, a 1.1 million increase from service revenues, partially offset by a 4.8 million decrease in construction revenues. 
 Revenue from Fuel Station Services increased by 33.7 million, or 38 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to an increase in revenues from RIN and LCFS minting services of 14.6 million from higher volumes from new supply from facilities coming online (Biotown, Emerald), a 17 million increase in third party RIN sales due to increases in volumes and RIN pricing, a 1.8 million 
 60 

increase in third party sales of LCFSs, an increase of 5.8 million in brown gas sales due to increases in price volumes, 2.1 million increase from service revenues offset by decrease in construction revenues of 7.6 million. 
 Renewable Power 
 Revenue from Renewable Power decreased by 0.9 million, or 7 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to loss of revenues of 0.9 million from the conversion of two of our Renewable Power facilities into RNG facilities, 1.0 million from decrease in electricity pricing year over year, which is partially offset by an 0.9 million increase in revenues from sale of ISCC carbon credits. 
 Revenue from Renewable Power decreased by 8.4 million, or 19 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This change was attributable primarily to loss of revenues of 7.1 million from the conversion of two of our Renewable facilities into RNG facilities and planned shut down of one of our facilities and 1.4 million of lower revenues from sale of ISCC Carbon Credits and RECs. 
 Cost of sales 
 RNG Fuel 
 Cost of sales from RNG Fuel increased by 1.7 million, or 21 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to Prince William coming online in second quarter of 2024. 
 Cost of sales from RNG Fuel increased by 4.2 million, or 19 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to a 0.8 million increase from royalties on higher environmental credit sales and 3.6 million from Prince William coming online in second quarter of 2024. 
 Fuel Station Services 
 Cost of sales from Fuel Station Services increased by 1.7 million, or 5 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to an increase of 4.9 million in higher dispensing fees due to higher environmental credit sales, 1.7 million in FPA tolling expense offset by savings of 4.6 million in equipment, parts and construction costs, which are in line with the decrease in construction revenues. 
 Cost of sales from Fuel Station Services increased by 15.2 million, or 19 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to an increase of 20.4 million in higher dispensing fees due to higher environmental credit sales, 2.6 million in FPA tolling expense offset by savings of 8.4 million in equipment, parts and construction costs, in line with the decrease in construction revenues. 
 Renewable Power 
 Cost of sales from Renewable Power decreased by 3.3 million, or 30 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to decrease of 1.5 million from conversion of two Renewable Power facilities to RNG facilities, 1.1 million in utilities, 1.3 million in major maintenance expenses offset by higher royalty expense of 0.4 million. 
 Cost of sales from Renewable Power decreased by 2.3 million, or 8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to 3.7 million savings from conversion of two of our Renewable Power facilities into RNG facilities offset by higher royalty expense of 1.1 million. 
 Project development and startup costs. 
 Project development and startup costs increased by 5.8 million, or 598 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to virtual pipeline costs for Prince William and ITC transaction related expenses. 
 Project development and startup costs increased by 6.6 million, or 165 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to virtual pipeline costs for Prince William and ITC transaction related expenses. 
 61 

Selling, general, and administrative 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased by a total of 0.6 million, or 4 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to decrease in cash and stock based compensation expense. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses remained flat for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Depreciation, amortization, and accretion 
 Depreciation, amortization, and accretion increased by a total of 1.0 million, or 26 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to depreciation expense on Prince William which became operational in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Depreciation, amortization, and accretion increased by a total of 1.7 million, or 16 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to depreciation expense on Prince William which became operational in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Income from equity method investments 
 Net income attributable to equity method investments increased by 2.1 million, or 121 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily attributable to Emerald coming online in the second half of 2023. 
 Net income attributable to equity method investments increased by 10.4 million or 725 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily attributable to Emerald coming online in the second half of 2023 and higher net income from Pine and Noble Road. 
 Interest and financing expense, net 
 Interest and financing expenses, net increased by 2.1 million, or 74 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to an increase of 2.4 million in interest expense on the OPAL Term Loan due after the refinancing in third quarter of 2023 resulting in higher borrowing and lower capitalized interest and decrease in interest income of 0.1 million offset by savings of 0.4 million on Convertible Note Payable as it was repaid in September 2023. 
 Interest and financing expenses, net increased by 9.5 million, or 212 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to an increase of 8.7 million in interest expense on the OPAL Term Loan due after the refinancing in third quarter of 2023 resulting in higher outstanding debt balance and lower capitalized interest, a 1.6 million increase in commitment fees and other fees, an 0.4 million increase in interest on finance leases and amortization of deferred financing costs, 0.9 million of lower interest income offset by savings of 1.6 million of interest on Convertible Note Payable which was repaid in full in the third quarter of 2023 and savings of 0.3 million of interest on the Senior Secured Credit Facility as the loan was repaid in full in first quarter of 2023. 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 On May 30, 2023, OPAL Intermediate Holdco 2 assigned to Paragon its rights and obligations under the OPAL Term Loan II. The joint venture partner of Paragon reimbursed the Company 826 as its portion of the transaction costs incurred. 
 The Company expensed the remaining deferred financing costs of 1,895 as loss on debt extinguishment in its condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, the Company completed a debt restructuring of the OPAL Term Loan in third quarter of 2023 which was accounted for as a debt modification and the Company recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of 953. There was no loss on debt extinguishment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 62 

Change in fair value of derivatives, net 
 Change in fair value of derivatives, net increased by 0.4 million, or 301 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to change in fair value of earnout liabilities. 
 Change in fair value of derivatives, net decreased by 3.5 million, or 71 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily attributable to 4.5 million lower gain on earnout liabilities year over year, an 0.8 million gain recorded on termination of interest rate swaps in 2023 offset by 0.3 million of lower loss on a put option. 
 Other income 
 Other income remained flat for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other income decreased by 121.9 million, or 99 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily attributable to 122.9 million gain recorded on deconsolidation of VIEs in 2023, offset by 0.6 million higher gain on transfer of non-financial assets to a vendor, and 0.3 million lower loss on warrant exchange compared to prior year. 
 Income tax benefit 
 Income tax benefit increased by 8.9 million or 100 for three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to receipt of 8.9 million of net proceeds from sale of ITC credits to a counter party in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Income tax benefit increased by 8.9 million or 100 for nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to receipt of 8.9 million of net proceeds from sale of ITC credits to a counter party in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
 Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests increased by 14.1 million, or 670 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 reflects the portion of earnings belonging to OPAL Fuels equity holders. The decrease is primarily attributable to lower net income in the current period compared to the same prior-year period. 
 Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests decreased by 73.5 million, or 88 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and reflects the portion of earnings belonging to OPAL Fuels equity holders. The decrease is primarily attributable to lower net income in the current period compared to the same prior-year period. 
 Net income (loss) attributable to non-redeemable non-controlling interests 
 Net income (loss) attributable to non-redeemable non-controlling interests increased by 0.2 million, or 355 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023. This reflects the joint venture partners' income (loss) in certain RNG facilities in which we sold a portion of our ownership interests but are consolidated in our financial statements. These entities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were Sunoma and Central Valley. The entities for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were Sunoma and Central Valley. The increase was primarily attributable to higher net income earned by Sunoma. 
 Net income (loss) attributable to non-redeemable non-controlling interests for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.9 million or 162 , compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023. This reflects the joint venture partners' income (loss) in certain RNG facilities in which we sold a portion of our ownership interests but are consolidated in our financial statements. These entities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were Sunoma and Central Valley. The entities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included Sunoma and Central Valley for the full nine months and Emerald and Sapphire up to May 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to higher net income earned by Sunoma and lower net loss upon deconsolidation of Emerald and Sapphire in May 2023. 
 63 

Dividends on redeemable preferred non-controlling interests 
 Dividends on Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests decreased by 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023. They carry an 8 dividend payable quarterly. This decrease is primarily due to lower interest accrued on paid-in-kind interest in the current period compared to the same prior-year period as the dividends are being paid quarterly instead of being paid-in-kind. 
 Dividends on Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests decreased by 0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023. They carry an 8 dividend payable quarterly. This decrease is primarily due to lower interest accrued on paid-in-kind interest in the current period compared to the same prior-year period as the dividends are being paid quarterly instead of being paid-in-kind. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 As of September 30, 2024, our liquidity consisted of cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash of 24.2 million and short term investments of 10.7 million.. Additionally, we have availability of 218.4 million under the delayed draw term loan and 35.9 million under the revolver facility under the OPAL Term Loan. 
 We expect that our available cash together with our other assets, expected cash flows from operations, available lines of credit under various debt facilities and access to expected sources of capital will be sufficient to meet our existing commitments for a period of at least twelve months from the date of this report. Any reduction in demand for our products or our ability to manage our production facilities may result in lower cash flows from operations which may impact our ability to make investments and may require changes to our growth plan. 
 To fund future growth, we anticipate seeking additional capital through equity or debt financings. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of our project development efforts. We may be unable to obtain any such additional financing on acceptable terms or at all. Our ability to access capital when needed is not assured and, if capital is not available when, and in the amounts needed, we could be required to delay, scale back or abandon some or all of our development programs and other operations, which could materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had total indebtedness excluding deferred financing costs of 252.9 million in principal amount which consists of 231.6 million under the OPAL Term Loan and 21.3 million under Sunoma Loan. 
 As part of our operations we have arrangements for office space for our corporate headquarters under the Administrative Services Agreement as well as operating leases for office space, warehouse space, and our vehicle fleet. 
 We intend to make payments under our various debt instruments when due and pursue opportunities for earlier repayment and/or refinancing if and when these opportunities arise. 
 See Note 7. Borrowings, to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table presents the Company's cash flows for the nine months ended months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by from operating activities 31,917 4,827 Net cash used in from investing activities (86,546) (44,918) Net cash used in provided by from financing activities 31,581 (15,542) Net decrease in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents (23,048) (55,633) 
 64 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 31.9 million, an increase of 27.1 million compared to 4.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was attributable to higher operating income year over year driven by increase in revenues, increase of 13.6 million from distributions from equity method investments offset by negative working capital changes of 11.6 million. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 86.5 million, an increase of 41.6 million compared to the 44.9 million used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily driven by decrease in cash invested in short term investments of 47.7 million, a 11.6 million decrease in distributions from equity method investments 13.6 million recorded as part of cash flows from operating activities), 13.0 million in contributions to equity method investments offset by a decrease in cash from deconsolidation of VIEs of 11.9 million in 2023, and lower payments made for the construction of various RNG generation and dispensing facilities of 19.4 million in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 31.6 million, an increase of 47.1 million compared to the net cash used in financing activities of 15.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily driven by a 45.0 million increase in proceeds from the OPAL Term Loan in 2024, increase of 16.4 million paid on termination of put options in 2023, an increase of 16.6 million in payments of preferred dividends in 2023, offset by decrease of 4.0 million in proceeds and repayments, net, on the Senior Secured Facility and the OPAL Term Loan facilities in 2023, decrease due to 1.2 million in repayment on the Sunoma Loan in 2024, decrease due to 0.6 million in taxes paid on vesting of equity awards in 2024, decrease of 10.5 million in payments of preferred dividends in 2024, a decrease in proceeds from non-controlling interests of 12.8 million in 2023, and a decrease of 0.8 million in reimbursement of financing costs by a joint venture partner in 2023. 
 Capital expenditures and other cash commitments 
 We require cash to fund our capital expenditures, operating expenses and working capital and other requirements, including costs associated with fuel sales; outlays for the design and construction of new Fueling Stations and RNG production facilities; debt repayments and repurchases; maintenance of our electrification production facilities supporting our operations, including maintenance and improvements of our infrastructure; supporting our sales and marketing activities, including support of legislative and regulatory initiatives; any investments in other entities; any mergers or acquisitions, including acquisitions to expand our RNG production capacity; pursuing market expansion as opportunities arise, including geographically and to new customer markets; and to fund other activities or pursuits and for other general corporate purposes. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we anticipate spending approximately 208.8 million in capital expenditures for the next 12 months for projects and fuel stations currently under construction and our share of contributions in our equity method investment projects. These expenditures do not include any expected contributions from our joint venture partners and primarily relate to our development and construction of new renewable energy facilities and the purchase of equipment used in our Fueling Station services and Renewable Power operations . 
 In addition to the above, we also have lease commitments on our vehicle fleets and office leases and quarterly amortization payment obligations under various debt facilities. Please see Note 7. Borrowings and Note 8. Leases to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, anticipated cash flows from operations and our access to expected sources of capital will be sufficient to meet our anticipated funding needs. We continue to pursue additional funding opportunities for growth and streamlining of our capital structure. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item because it is a smaller reporting company. 
 
 65 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Interim Chief Financial Officer (our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer, respectively), evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Based on that evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rules 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, as of September 30, 2024, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the period covered by this report. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) was identified in the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

66 

Part II - Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings, lawsuits and claims incidental to the conduct of our business, some of which may be material. Our businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. We do not believe that the outcome of any of our current legal proceedings will have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Central Valley Project 
 In September 2021, an indirect subsidiary of the Company, MD Digester, LLC MD ), entered into a fixed-price Engineering, Procurement and Construction Contract (an EPC Contract with VEC Partners, Inc. d/b/a CEI Builders CEI for the design and construction of a turn-key renewable natural gas production facility using dairy cow manure as feedstock. In December 2021, a second indirect subsidiary of the Company, VS Digester, LLC VS entered into a nearly identical EPC Contract with CEI for the design and construction of a second facility in connection with the same project. CEI s performance under both of the EPC Contracts is fully bonded by a licensed surety. 
 CEI has submitted a series of change order requests seeking to increase the EPC Contract price under each contract by approximately 14 million (i.e., approximately 28 million in total), to cover cost escalations primarily arising from two events: (i) modifications to CEI s design drawings required to meet its contracted performance guaranties, and (ii) the default of one of CEI s major equipment manufacturers. The Company disputes responsibility for substantially all of the additional costs. 
 On January 5, 2024, the Company filed a civil lawsuit captioned, MD Digester, LLC. et. al. vs. VEC Partners, Inc. et. al.; California Superior Court, County of San Joaquin; Action No. STK-CV-UCC-2024-0000185 and commenced a related arbitration proceeding in order to obtain a formal determination on the claims, AAA Case No. 01-24-0000-0775. The Superior Court Action will be stayed, pending an award in the AAA proceeding. The AAA proceeding has been set for hearing in January 2026. The Company and CEI and have each nominated one arbitrator (each, a Party-selected Arbitrator and a third arbitrator was appointed by the Party-selected Arbitrators to chair the panel. As a result of the procedural status of these matters, discovery has only recently commenced. 
 The EPC Contract requires that CEI continue working during the course of the litigation and related arbitration proceedings; however, CEI effectively stopped working. On June 26, 2024, MD issued a Notice of Default and Demand to Cure to CEI. CEI failed to do so, and on July 30, 2024, MD terminated CEI for default. MD notified CEI s bond surety of the termination and demanded that it perform under the bond. The surety has recently denied the claim. MD intends to bring performance bond claims against the surety in the AAA proceeding. 
 On July 11, 2024, VS issued a Notice of Default and Demand to Cure, advising CEI of its defaults and giving it an opportunity to cure. CEI failed to do so, and on August 27, 2024, VS terminated CEI for default. VS has notified CEI s bond surety of the second termination and demanded that it perform under the bond. The surety is investigating the claim and its response is expected to be issued in November 2024. If the surety denies the claim, in whole or in part, VS intends to bring performance bond claims against the surety in the AAA proceeding. 
 The Company believes its claims against CEI have substantial merit, and intends to prosecute its claims vigorously. However, due to the incipient stage of the litigation and related arbitration, the recency of the termination, and the proceedings with the bond surety, as well as the uncertainties involved in all litigation and arbitration, the Company does not believe it is reasonably estimable at this time to assess the likely outcome of the litigation and related arbitration, the timing of its resolution, or its ultimate impact, if any, on the Central Valley projects or the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 67 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Except as described below, there have been no material changes from the Risk Factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 15, 2024. The risks described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. 
 We are required to implement programs to comply with the Biogas Regulatory Reform Rule and our failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 On July 12, 2023, the EPA issued final rule 88 Fed. Reg. 44468 (July 12, 2023) to, in part, implement biogas regulatory reform to the EPA s Renewable Fuel Standard Program RFS (the Biogas Regulatory Reform Rule or BRRR ). BRRR significantly changes the method by which RINs are generated from biogas feedstock and how market participants are required to administer RINs. 
 BRRR requires all parties in the chain of title to biogas, renewable natural gas, and RINs to register with the EPA. By January 1, 2025, all parties must comply with BRRR and only biogas and RNG produced and dispensed under BRRR are eligible for RIN generation. 
 The Company has timely completed applications for registration under BRRR of its RNG production projects in operations. The Company anticipates receiving EPA registration acceptance for these projects prior to January 1, 2025. There can be no assurance, however, that such approval from EPA will be received by January 1, 2025. 
 BRRR also requires RNG RIN separators to register with the EPA for each CNG dispensing station. The Company is in the process of registering as RNG RIN separator, for fueling stations that account for approximately 57 of the Company s CNG dispensing capacity. Wherever the Company is not registered as the RNG RIN separator, it will rely on the owner/operator of the fueling station to perform the role as RNG RIN separator (i.e., separating the RINs and transferring them to the Company for monetization). There can be no assurance that these owners/operators will timely provide the necessary administrative services and transactional data required for the separation and transfer of RINs from these stations. If we are unable to receive RINs from stations representing a material proportion of our dispensing capacity, it would have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 68 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of OPAL Fuels Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed by the Company on August 10, 2022). 
 3.2 Bylaws of OPAL Fuels Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 27, 2022) . 
 10.1 +# 
 Tax Credit Purchase Agreement, dated September 13, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 19, 2024). 
 10.2 
 Guaranty, dated September 13, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 19, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.3 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.3 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 
 Previously filed. This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. + Certain of the schedules and exhibits to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon its request 
 # 
 Certain confidential information contained in this document has been redacted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 

69 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 OPAL Fuels Inc. By: /s/ Jonathan Maurer Name: Jonathan Maurer Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 OPAL Fuels Inc. By: /s/ Adam Comora Name: Adam Comora Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 OPAL Fuels Inc. By: /s/ Scott Contino Name: Scott Contino Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 70 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 opal-10xqcertifications311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Adam Comora, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OPAL Fuels Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Adam Comora Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 opal-10xqcertifications312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jonathan Maurer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OPAL Fuels Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Jonathan Maurer Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 opal-10xqcertifications313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Scott Contino, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OPAL Fuels Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Scott Contino Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 opal-10xqcertifications321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of OPAL Fuels Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Adam Comora, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Adam Comora Name Adam Comora Title Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 opal-10xqcertifications322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of OPAL Fuels Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan Maurer, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Jonathan Maurer Name Jonathan Maurer Title Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 7
 opal-10xqcertifications323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of OPAL Fuels Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott Contino, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Scott Contino Name Scott Contino Title Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wdq-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 wdq-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 wdq-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 wdq-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 wdq-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

