<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1894176_0001213900-24-098488.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2764686</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66662</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>703419</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>482777</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>686524</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>787837</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098488.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114163036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098488
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001894176
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981634072
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42369
		FILM NUMBER:		241463129

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH STREET STE 1703
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4844593476

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH STREET STE 1703
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FTAC Artemis Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098488.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220755-10q_cohen1.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 14, 2024, there were Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par
value, issued and outstanding. 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 2 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholder s Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 3 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 15 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 17 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 17 
 
 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 18 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 18 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 18 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 18 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 18 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 18 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 19 
 
 Signatures 
 
 20 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholder s Deficit 

Accrued offering costs 

Promissory note related party 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Shareholder s Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholder s deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholder s Deficit 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For The Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Formation, general and administrative costs 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Class
 A 
Ordinary Shares 
 Class
 B 
Ordinary Shares (1) 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance
 as of January 1, 2024 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 as of March 31, 2024 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 as of June 30, 2024 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 as of September 30, 2024 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Class
A 
Ordinary Shares 
 Class
 B 
Ordinary Shares (1) 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 March 31, 2023 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 June 30, 2023 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 September 30, 2023 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Payment of operating expenses through promissory note - related party 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued offering costs 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note - related party 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included
in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating proceeds of which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of Units (each, a Placement Unit 
and collectively, the Placement Units at a price of per Placement Unit in a private placement to Cohen Circle Sponsor I,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with Cohen Circle Advisors I, LLC, the Sponsor ), and the representative
of the underwriters, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described
in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted
to , consisting of of cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee, and of other offering
costs. 

The Company s management
has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Placement
Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or
more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the
net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest
earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 
or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). 

Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, on October 15, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
Units and the Placement Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States and invested
only in (i) U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act,
with a maturity of or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, (ii) as uninvested cash, or (iii) an interest bearing
bank demand deposit account or other accounts at a bank, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the
distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account as described below. 

The Company will provide
the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of
their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve
the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval
of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their
Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus
any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business
Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption were recorded at redemption value and
classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

5 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

of the Public Shares without the prior consent of the
Company. The Company may waive this restriction in its sole discretion. 

The Sponsor and Cantor have
agreed to waive (i) their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Placement Shares held by them in connection with
the completion of the Company s Business Combination and (ii) their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and
Placement Shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption
in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity. However, the Sponsor will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to Public
Shares if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination or liquidates within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. Cantor will have the same redemption rights as the Public Shareholders with respect to any Public Shares they acquire. 

The Company will have 24 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company
has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (less up
to of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants,
which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The underwriters have agreed
to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account
that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share
value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than per share. 

In order to protect the amounts
held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except
for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as
of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a
third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

6 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

7 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

cash and no cash equivalents
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

, recognized in formation and
operating costs. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has and 0 of deferred offering costs recorded on
the condensed balance sheets. 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could
have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

8 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

for the period presented. 

9 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

shares that
would have been subject to forfeiture had the over-allotment option not been exercised by the underwriters. At September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or
converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per ordinary share is the
same as basic loss per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

Units, at a price of per Unit. . Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

Placement Units at a price
of per Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of . Of the Placement Units, Placement Units were
purchased by Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC and Placement Units were purchased by Cantor. . Each whole Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share
at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the
requirements of applicable law), and the Placement Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

The Placement Units (including
the Placement Shares, the Placement Warrants and Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable
or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Holders of the Placement Units are entitled to
certain registration rights. The Placement Warrants underlying the Placement Units will not be redeemable by the Company and may be exercised
on a cashless basis. If the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination within the completion window, the proceeds from
the sale of the private placement held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law) and the Placement Units (and the underlying securities) will expire worthless. Further, if the Company seeks shareholder
approval, the Company will complete its initial Business Combination only if it obtains the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who, being present and entitled to vote at a general meeting
of the Company, vote at a general meeting of the Company. In such case, the Sponsor and each member of the management team have agreed
to vote their founder shares, Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of
the initial Business Combination. Otherwise, the Placement Units are identical to the units sold in the Initial Public Offering. 

10 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares ), which were issued on November 5, 2021. From November 2021 through September 2024, the Company had various share surrender
and capitalization events in which a net shares have been surrendered by the Sponsor to the Company for no consideration and an
aggregate of Founder Shares remain outstanding. All share and per shares amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect
the share capitalization and share surrender. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture
to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares
will equal of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering and the private placement. On October
15, 2024, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such
 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The Sponsor has agreed, subject
to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after
the completion of the Business Combination; and (B) subsequent to the Business Combination (x) if the last reported sale price
of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, rights issuances,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
150 days after the Business Combination or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s public shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company entered into
an agreement, commencing on October 11, 2024, through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination or its
liquidation, to pay an affiliate or designee of the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and shared personnel
support services. 

Service Agreement 

The Company has agreed, commencing
on October 11, 2024, through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination or its liquidation, to pay its
Chief Financial Officer, R. Maxwell Smeal, per month. 

Promissory Note Related
Party 

On November 3, 2021,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor, as amended on January 14, 2022, February 28, 2023, and on May 1,
2024 (as amended, the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of
 . The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2024 or (ii) the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The Company repaid the outstanding balance of the Promissory Note at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering on October 15, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had borrowed and , respectively,
under the Promissory Note. 

Related Party Loans 

In addition, in order to
fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor has committed to loan the Company up to and may, but is not obligated to, loan the Company additional funds to
fund its additional working capital requirements and transaction costs Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes
a Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company.
Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may
be convertible into units upon consummation of the Business Combination at a price of per unit. The units would be identical to
the Placement Units. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

11 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On
October 15, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment
option to purchase the additional Units at a price of per Unit. 

The underwriters were entitled
to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit or in the aggregate, which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, on October 15, 2024. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of (i) per Unit of the gross proceeds
of the initial Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, or and (ii) per Unit of the gross
proceeds from the Units sold pursuant to the over-allotment option, or , an aggregate of . The deferred fee will
become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business
Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

12 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A
ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no shares of Class A
ordinary shares issued or outstanding. 

Class B Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. Holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Holders of Class B ordinary
shares will vote on the appointment of directors prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. Holders of Class A ordinary
shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of shareholders
except as required by law. 

The Class B ordinary
shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, or
at any time and from time to time at the option of the holders thereof, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that
additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the
Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert
into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary
shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, of the sum of all ordinary
shares outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement plus all Class A ordinary shares and
equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities
issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, and any private placement-equivalent shares and warrants underlying
units issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). 

Warrants As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no warrants outstanding. Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of
shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants
will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and 12 months from the closing of
the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be obligated
to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then
effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration.
No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue any Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of a warrant
unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising
holder, or an exemption is available. 

The Company has agreed that
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company
will use its best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective,
a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best
efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus
relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective
within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective
registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise
warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such
exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis. 

13 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

. Once the Warrants become exercisable,
the Company may redeem the Warrants: 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of per warrant; 

upon
not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if,
and only if, the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for
share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within
a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is given to
the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants
become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

In addition, if (x) the
Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per ordinary share (with such issue price
or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and, in the case of any such issuance
to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more
than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the completion
of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares
during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company completes
a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per
share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. 

The Placement Warrants are
identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Placement Warrants and
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable
until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Placement
Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable. 

units, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of an option to purchase up to 
Units at the offering price to cover over-allotments. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to
the Company of . Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value per share, and one-third
of redeemable warrant, with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase Class A Ordinary Share for per
share. 

Simultaneously with the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the issuance and sale of Units (the Placement Units in
a private placement transaction at a price of per Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of . The Placement Units
were purchased by Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the sole book-running manager for the Initial Public Offering Units), and one
of the Company s sponsors, Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC Units). 

Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, on October 15, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
Units and the Placement Units was placed in the Trust Account. 

In connection with the Initial
Public Offering, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of the Promissory Note. Additionally, the Company entered into an agreement,
commencing on October 11, 2024, through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination or its liquidation,
to pay an affiliate or designee of the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and shared personnel support services. 

14 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References in this report
(this Quarterly Report to we, us, our or the Company refer to Cohen
Circle Acquisition Corp. I. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers
and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC together with Cohen Circle Advisors
I, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the
discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are not historical facts
and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements,
other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of the Business Combination (as
defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from
the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the Business Combination
are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public
Offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be
accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the
Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on October 26, 2021. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business
Combination ). We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Placement Units, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will
be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from October 26, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were
organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below. We do not expect to generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. Subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, we generate
non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account (the Trust Account ).
We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well
as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net loss of 15,431 which consisted of formational, general and operational costs. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net loss of 5,000 which consisted of formational, general and operational costs. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net loss of 50,086 which consisted of formational, general and operational costs. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net loss of 35,580 which consisted of formational, general and operational costs. 

15 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of
the Initial Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor and loans from the Sponsor. 

Subsequent to the quarterly
period covered by this Quarterly Report, on October 15, 2024, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 units at 10.00
per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the
sale of an aggregate of 715,000 Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit in a private placement to Cohen Circle Sponsor I,
LLC and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. generating gross proceeds of 7,150,000. 

Following the Initial Public
Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Placement Units, a total of 231,150,000 was placed in the
Trust Account. We incurred 14,373,989 in transaction costs, consisting of 4,000,000 of cash underwriting fee, 9,800,000 of deferred
underwriting fee, and 573,989 of other offering costs. 

We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (net of taxes payable),
to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to
complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We intend to use the funds
held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target
businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners,
review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business
Combination. 

In order to fund working
capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor
has committed to loan the Company up to 250,000 and may, but is not obligated to, loan the Company additional funds to fund its additional
working capital requirements and transaction costs Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination,
the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working
Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close,
the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the
Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of
a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 2,000,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be
convertible into units upon consummation of the Business Combination at a price of 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the
Placement Units. 

If our estimate of the costs
of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount
necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may
need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant
number of the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue
additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an aggregate of
 25,000 per month for office space, utilities and shared personnel support services and to pay our Chief Financial Officer, R. Maxwell
Smeal, 12,500 per month. 

The underwriters were entitled
to a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit or 4,000,000 in the aggregate, which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, on October 15, 2024. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of (i) 0.40 per Unit of the gross proceeds
of the initial 20,000,000 Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 8,000,000 and (ii) 0.60 per Unit of the gross
proceeds from the Units sold pursuant to the over-allotment option, or 1,800,000, an aggregate of 9,800,000. The deferred fee will
become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business
Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

16 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of condensed
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the period reported. Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgement. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could materially differ from
those estimates. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any critical accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial
statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our Management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our
Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the quarterly period ended September
30, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

17 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report include the risk factors described in our final prospectus for the Initial Public
Offering filed with the SEC. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors previously
disclosed in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on October 11, 2024 in connection with the Initial Public Offering. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

Unregistered Sales 

On October 15, 2024, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000.
Cantor acted as sole book-running manager of the Initial Public Offering. The securities sold in the Initial Public Offering were registered
under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282271). The SEC declared the registration statement effective
on October 11, 2024. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 715,000 Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit in a private
placement to Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., generating gross proceeds of 7,150,000. Each Placement
Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share Placement Share or, collectively, Placement Shares and
one-third of one warrant (each, a Placement Warrant ). Each whole Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A
ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The Placement Warrants are identical to the
warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Placement Warrants are not transferable,
assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the Placement Units, an aggregate of 231,150,000 was placed
in the Trust Account. 

We paid a total of 14,373,989
in transaction costs, consisting of 4,000,000 of cash underwriting fee, 9,800,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and 573,989 of other
offering costs. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

. 

18 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated October 10, 2024, between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated October 10, 2024, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated October 10, 2024, by and among the Company and certain security holders, officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 10, 2024, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 10, 2024, between the Company and certain security holders of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Placement Unit Subscription Agreement, dated October 10, 2024, between the Company and Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Placement Unit Subscription Agreement, dated October 10, 2024, between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated October 10, 2024, between the Company and Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Loan Commitment dated October 10, 2024, between the Company and Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

These
certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

19 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Betsy Z. Cohen 

Name: 
 Betsy Z. Cohen 

Title: 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors,
 President 
and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ R. Maxwell Smeal 

Name: 
 R. Maxwell Smeal 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal 
Accounting Officer) 

20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022075501ex31-1_cohen1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

E XHIBIT
 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Betsy Z. Cohen, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Betsy Z. Cohen 

Betsy Z. Cohen 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and 
Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022075501ex31-2_cohen1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

E XHIBIT
 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, R. Maxwell Smeal, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ R. Maxwell Smeal 

R. Maxwell Smeal 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal 
Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022075501ex32-1_cohen1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

E XHIBIT
 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Betsy Z. Cohen,
Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of
my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Betsy Z. Cohen 

Betsy Z. Cohen 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and 
Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022075501ex32-2_cohen1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

E XHIBIT
 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, R. Maxwell Smeal, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my
knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 

/s/ R. Maxwell Smeal 

R. Maxwell Smeal 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal 
Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cciru-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cciru-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cciru-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cciru-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cciru-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

