<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241003_10-Q_edgar_data_1275187_0001628280-24-042176.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6267656</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75229</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1262495</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2047551</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1505743</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1255149</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-042176.hdr.sgml : 20241003
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241003170817
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-042176
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241003
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241003

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ANGIODYNAMICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001275187
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				113146460
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50761
		FILM NUMBER:		241352381

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 PLAZA DRIVE
		CITY:			LATHAM
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5187981215

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 PLAZA DRIVE
		CITY:			LATHAM
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-042176.txt : 20241003

10-Q
 1
 ango-20240831.htm
 10-Q

ango-20240831 
 
 Table of Content 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of Class) 

Table of Content 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Class Outstanding as of October 2, 2024 Common Stock, par value .01 

Table of Content 

 AngioDynamics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I: Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 Part II: Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 30 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 30 
 Item 3. Defaults on Senior Securities 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 30 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 32 

2 

Table of Content 

 PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 AngioDynamics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands of dollars, except per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended Aug 31, 2024 Aug 31, 2023 Net sales Cost of sales (exclusive of intangible amortization) Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Amortization of intangibles Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Acquisition, restructuring and other items, net Total operating expenses Gain on sale of assets Operating income (loss) ) Other expense: Interest income, net Other expense, net ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) Income (loss) before income tax benefit ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per share Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Content 

 AngioDynamics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands of dollars) 
 Three Months Ended Aug 31, 2024 Aug 31, 2023 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) Income tax expense related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Content 

 AngioDynamics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands of dollars, except share data) Aug 31, 2024 May 31, 2024 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of contingent consideration Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and and shares outstanding at August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, and shares at August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Content 

 AngioDynamics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands of dollars) Three Months Ended Aug 31, 2024 Aug 31, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense Stock based compensation Gain on disposal of assets ) Transaction costs for disposition ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Change in accounts receivable allowances ) Fixed and intangible asset impairments and disposals Write-off of other assets Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) Additions to placement and evaluation units ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayment of long-term debt ) Payment of acquisition related contingent consideration ) Repurchase of common stock ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Accrual for capital expenditures incurred during the period ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Content 

 AngioDynamics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands of dollars, except share data) 
 
 Common Stock Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Treasury Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance at May 31, 2024 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance/Cancellation of restricted stock units ) ) Issuance/Cancellation of performance share units ) ) Purchases of common stock under ESPP Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance at August 31, 2024 ) ) ) ) 

Common Stock Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Treasury Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance at May 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net income Issuance/Cancellation of restricted stock units ) ) Issuance/Cancellation of performance share units ) ) Purchases of common stock under ESPP Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance at August 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Content 

 AngioDynamics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 
 2. 
 million in cash and resulted in a pre-tax book gain of million. Included in the agreement is a million earn-out related to the sales of divested products over a period and a milestone payment of million paid upon final transfer of the manufacturing to a third-party that Spectrum will pay to the Company upon achievement. 
 The Company and Spectrum entered into various agreements to facilitate the transition of the divested businesses to Spectrum, including a Transition Services Agreement and Contract Manufacturing Agreement. The Company determined that the sale of the businesses did not constitute a strategic shift that had a major effect on the Company's operations or financial results and as a result, this transaction is not classified as discontinued operations. 
 Total current assets Non-current assets: Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Other assets Total non-current assets 
 Dialysis and BioSentry 
 Pursuant to an asset purchase agreement dated June 8, 2023 (the "Asset Purchase Agreement"), the Company completed the sale of the dialysis and BioSentry tract sealant system biopsy businesses (the "Divestiture") to Merit Medical Systems, Inc. ("Merit"). Total consideration received by the Company for the Divestiture in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 was million in cash and resulted in a pre-tax book gain of million. 
 The Company and Merit entered into various agreements to facilitate the transition of the divested businesses to Merit, including a Transition Services Agreement and Contract Manufacturing Agreement. The Company determined that the sale of 
 8 

Table of Content 

 Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Non-current assets: Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Total non-current assets 
 
 3. 
 
 The Company has one primary revenue stream which is the sales of its products. 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 Med Device Total 
 
 Net Product Revenue 
 The Company's products consist of a wide range of medical, surgical and diagnostic devices used by professional healthcare providers for vascular access, for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease and for use in oncology and surgical settings. The Company's products are generally used in minimally invasive, image-guided procedures. Most of the Company's products are intended to be used once and then discarded, or they may be implanted for short or long term use. The Company sells its products to its distributors and to end users, such as interventional radiologists, interventional cardiologists, vascular surgeons, urologists, interventional and surgical oncologists and critical care nurses. 
 Contracts and Performance Obligations 
 The Company contracts with its customers based on customer purchase orders, which in many cases are governed by master purchasing agreements. The Company s contracts with customers are generally for product only, and do not include other performance obligations such as services or other material rights. As part of its assessment of each contract, the Company evaluates certain factors including the customer s ability to pay (or credit risk). For each contract, the Company considers the promise to transfer products, each of which is distinct, to be the identified performance obligations. 
 9 

Table of Content 

 to days from invoicing, the Company does not provide any significant financing to its customers. 
 The Company enters into agreements to place placement and evaluation units units at customer sites, but the Company retains title to the units. For the duration of these agreements the customer has the right to use the unit at no upfront charge in connection with the customer s ongoing purchase of disposables. These types of agreements include an embedded operating lease for the right to use the units. In these arrangements, revenue recognized for the sale of the disposables is not allocated between the disposable revenue and lease revenue due to the insignificant value of the units in relation to the total agreement value. 
 Sales, value add, and other taxes collected on behalf of third parties are excluded from revenue. 
 Variable Consideration 
 Reserves: Revenue from product sales are recorded at the net sales price (transaction price), which includes estimates of variable consideration for which reserves are established for discounts, returns, rebates and allowances that are offered within contracts between the Company and its customers. These reserves are based on the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related sales and are classified as a contra asset. 
 Rebates and Allowances: The Company provides certain customers with rebates and allowances that are explicitly stated in the Company s contracts and are recorded as a reduction of revenue in the period the related product revenue is recognized. The Company establishes reserves for such amounts, which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. These rebates and allowances result from performance-based offers that are primarily based on attaining contractually specified sales volumes. The Company is also required to pay administrative fees to group purchasing organizations. 
 days must be pre-approved by the Company and customers may be subject to a restocking charge. To be accepted, a returned product must be unadulterated, undamaged and have at least remaining prior to its expiration date. The Company estimates the amount of its product sales that may be returned by its customers and records this estimate as a reduction of revenue in the period the related product revenue is recognized. The Company currently estimates product return liabilities using its historical product return information and considers other factors that it believes could significantly impact its expected returns, including product recalls. During the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, such product returns were not material. 
 10 

Table of Content 

 Contract assets Contract liabilities 
 During the three months ended August 31, 2024, the Company had additions to contract liabilities of million. This was offset by million in revenue that was recognized during the three months ended August 31, 2024. 

4. 
 Work in process Finished goods Inventories 
 million and million, respectively. 

5. 
 . The Company periodically reviews, and adjusts, if necessary, the estimated useful lives of its intangible assets and reviews such assets or asset groups for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets or asset groups may not be recoverable. If an intangible asset or asset group is considered to be impaired, the amount of the impairment will equal the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the asset. 
 
 11 

Table of Content 

 ) Customer relationships ) Trademarks ) Licenses ) ) 
 May 31, 2024 (in thousands) Gross carrying value Accumulated amortization Net carrying value Product technologies ) Customer relationships ) Trademarks ) Licenses ) ) 
 Amortization expense for the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and thereafter 

6. 
 Outside services Research and development Royalties Sales and franchise taxes Deferred Warranties TSA Payable Rebates Accrued Freight Accrued severance Other 
 
 7. 
 12 

Table of Content 

 as of the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, as compared to ) for the same period in fiscal year 2024. In fiscal year 2025, the Company s effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the impact of the valuation allowance, foreign taxes, and other non-deductible permanent items (such as non-deductible meals and entertainment, Section 162(m) excess compensation and non-deductible share-based compensation). 
 The Company regularly assesses its ability to realize its deferred tax assets. Assessing the realization of deferred tax assets requires significant management judgment. In determining whether its deferred tax assets are more likely than not realizable, the Company evaluated all available positive and negative evidence, and weighted the evidence based on its objectivity. 
 Based on the review of all available evidence, the Company determined that it has not yet attained a sustained level of profitability and the objectively verifiable negative evidence outweighed the positive evidence. Therefore, the Company has provided a valuation allowance on its federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, federal and state R D credit carryforwards and other net deferred tax assets as of August 31, 2024. The Company will continue to assess the level of the valuation allowance required. If sufficient positive evidence exists in future periods to support a release of some or all of the valuation allowance, such a release would likely have a material impact on the Company s results of operations. 

8. 
 million shares. As of August 31, 2024, there was a maximum of million shares of common stock available for future grant under the 2020 Plan. 
 Prior to the adoption of the 2020 Plan, equity awards were issued under the 2004 Stock and Incentive Award Plan (the 2004 Plan ). The adoption of the 2020 Plan did not impact the administration of equity awards issued under the 2004 Plan but following the adoption of the 2020 Plan, equity award grants are no longer made under the 2004 Plan. 
 The Company also has an employee stock purchase plan. On November 3, 2022 the Company's shareholders approved an amendment to the employee stock purchase plan to increase the reserve of shares of common stock available for future grants by million shares. As of August 31, 2024, there was a maximum of million shares of common stock available for future grant under the employee stock purchase plan. 
 For the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, share-based compensation expense was million and million, respectively. 
 During the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company granted stock options and restricted stock units under the 2020 Plan to certain employees and members of the Board of Directors. Stock option awards are valued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. Generally, restricted stock unit awards are valued based on the closing trading value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. In July 2023, the Board of Directors approved a change in terms of restricted stock units granted to non-employee directors to provide for immediate vesting upon grant of the award. 
 During the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company granted performance share units under the 2020 Plan to certain employees. The awards may be earned by achieving performance levels over the requisite service period. The performance criteria are based on achieving certain performance targets and the total shareholder return TSR of the Company s common stock relative to the TSR of the common stock of a pre-defined industry peer-group. The fair value of these awards is based on a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 million of unrecognized compensation expense related to share-based payment arrangements. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . The Company has sufficient shares to satisfy expected share-based payment arrangements. 
 
 9. 
 million of its outstanding common stock. The timing and amount of any share repurchases under the authorization will be determined by management within certain parameters and based on market conditions and other considerations. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company repurchased 
 13 

Table of Content 

 shares of common stock in the open market at an aggregate cost of million under the Repurchase Program. As of August 31, 2024, million remained available for repurchase under the Repurchase Program. 
 
 10. 
 Effect of dilutive securities Diluted Securities excluded as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive 

11. 
 segments, Med Tech and Med Device. The CEO evaluates these segments based on net sales and gross margin to, among other items, allocate resources and assess performance. Executives reporting to the CEO include those responsible for commercial operations, manufacturing operations, regulatory and quality and certain corporate functions. The CEO evaluates all other elements of profitability, investment and cash flow metrics on a consolidated global basis due to shared infrastructure and resources. 
 The Company manages its assets on a total company basis, not by operating segment; therefore, the CEO does not review any asset information by operating segment and, accordingly, asset information is not reported or evaluated by operating segment. Total assets were million as of August 31, 2024. 
 Gross profit Gross margin Med Device net sales Gross profit Gross margin Total net sales Gross profit Gross margin 

14 

Table of Content 

 International Total 
 and , respectively. Sales to any one country outside the U.S., as determined by shipment destination, did not comprise a material portion of net sales in any of the last three fiscal years. In addition, no one customer represents more than 10 of consolidated net sales and of long-lived assets are located within the United States. 

12. 
 Total Financial Liabilities Fair Value Measurements using inputs considered as: Fair Value at May 31, 2024 
 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial Liabilities Contingent consideration for acquisition earn outs Total Financial Liabilities 
 There were no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 for the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 15 

Table of Content 

 Change in present value of contingent consideration (1) 
 Balance, August 31, 2024 

Contingent Liability for Acquisition Earn Outs 
 Some of the Company's business combinations involve the potential for the payment of future contingent consideration upon the achievement of certain product development milestones or various other performance conditions. Payment of the additional consideration is generally contingent on the acquired company reaching certain performance milestones, including attaining specified revenue levels or product development targets. Contingent consideration is recorded at the estimated fair value of the contingent payments on the acquisition date. The fair value of the contingent consideration is remeasured at the estimated fair value at each reporting period with the change in fair value recognized as income or expense within change in fair value of contingent consideration in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company measures the initial liability and remeasures the liability on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs as defined under authoritative guidance for fair value measurements, which is determined using a discounted cash flow model applied to projected net sales, using probabilities of achieving projected net sales and projected payment dates. Projected net sales are based on internal projections and extensive analysis of the target market and the sales potential. Increases or decreases in any valuation inputs in isolation may result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement in the future. 
 Discounted cash flow Discount rate Probability of payment - 
 Projected fiscal year of payment 2025 
 million. The milestones, including revenue projections and technical milestones associated with the contingent consideration, must be reached in future periods ranging from fiscal years 2025 to 2029 in order for the associated consideration to be paid. 

13. 
 16 

Table of Content 

 Liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 The interest rate implicit in lease agreements is typically not readily determinable, and as such the Company used the incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. The incremental borrowing rate is defined as the interest the Company would pay to borrow on a collateralized basis, considering factors such as length of lease term. Weighted average discount rate 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease obligations Less: Current portion of lease obligations Long-term lease obligations 
 During the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million of operating lease expense, respectively, which includes immaterial short-term leases. Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Operating leases 
 
 17 

Table of Content 

 14. 
 
 U.S. patents held by Bard (US Patent Nos. 7,785,302 ("302"), 7,959,615 615 and 7,947,022 ("022")). 
 
 On March 10, 2015, Bard and Bard Peripheral Vascular filed suit in the District of Delaware claiming certain of the Company's implantable port products infringe on U.S. patents held by Bard (US Patent Nos. 8,475,417, 8,545,460, 8,805,478). The Court entered Judgement on June 1, 2023 in favor of the Company. 
 
 On March 8, 2021, Bard filed suit in the District of Delaware asserting certain of the Company s port products (including certain related infusion sets) infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 8,025,639, 9,603,992 and 9,603,993. The Company counterclaimed, alleging that certain of Bard s catheter products infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 8,377,011, 10,729,881, 8,454,574. 
 
 On March 31, 2024, the Company and Bard s parent company Becton, Dickinson and Company (collectively, BD entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement to resolve the ongoing litigations. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, BD will grant a license to the Company under certain of BD s port patents and AngioDynamics will grant BD a license under certain of the Company s catheter patents. The Company will make a one-time lump sum payment to BD in the amount of million, million which was paid within 5 business days of execution of the Settlement Agreement, and the remainder will be payable in installments over the next 12 months ending March 31, 2025. The Company will also make minimum annual payments to BD of million through February, 2029, and potential additional payments if six percent of annual net sales of the Company s port products exceed the minimum payment. The parties will participate in the pending appeal before the Federal Circuit of the case that was filed March 10, 2015 and a contingent payment of million will be due from the Company to BD if the Federal Circuit reverses or vacates the District Court s findings of invalidity with respect to the patent claims at issue in the case. Appellate briefing is closed, but an argument date has not yet been set. Neither party admitted any liability and the agreement contains mutual covenants not to sue and releases. 

Port Product Claims 
 
 product liability claims involving the Company's port products (collectively, the Port Product Claims ). Port Product Claims are pending in various state and federal court jurisdictions, and a motion to transfer the Port Product Claims pursuant to 28 USC 1407 for coordinated or consolidated pretrial proceedings is pending before the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation. The Port Product Claims generally seek damages for personal injury allegedly resulting from use of the products. The Company has limited information regarding the nature and quantity of certain of the Port Product Claims. The Company continues to receive claims and lawsuits and may in future periods learn additional information regarding other unfiled or unknown claims, or other lawsuits, which could materially impact the Company s estimate of the number of claims or lawsuits against the Company. 

18 

Table of Content 

 15. 
 Plant closure (2) 
 Transition service agreement (3) 
 ) ) Manufacturing relocation (4) 
 Other Total 
 (1) Legal expenses related to litigation that is outside the normal course of business. 
 (2) Plant closure expense, related to the restructuring of our manufacturing footprint which was announced on January 5, 2024. 
 (3) Transition services agreements that were entered into with Merit and Spectrum. 
 (4) Expenses to relocate certain manufacturing lines out of Queensbury, NY. 
 
 Restructuring 
 The Company evaluates its performance and looks for opportunities to improve the overall operations of the Company on an ongoing basis. As a result of this evaluation, certain restructuring initiatives are taken to enhance the Company s overall operations. On January 5, 2024, the Company announced a restructuring of its manufacturing footprint and a shift to an outsourced model (the "Plan"). This Plan will transfer all product manufacturing processes to third-party manufacturers. The restructuring activities associated with the Plan are expected to be completed in the third quarter of fiscal year 2026. 
 to Termination benefits to Outside consultants to Validation expenses to Regulatory filings to Other to to 
 (1) Included in this estimate is approximately million of non-cash charges for accelerated depreciation and building impairment. 
 
 The Company recorded restructuring charges related to the plan during the three months ended August 31, 2024 of million . Total restructuring charges recorded to date are million. Termination benefits are only earned if an employee stays until their termination date; therefore, the expenses related to termination benefits are being recorded ratably over the service period. 

19 

Table of Content 

 Charges Non-cash adjustments ) ) Cash payments ) ) ) ) ) Balance at August 31, 2024 

16.) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Net other comprehensive income Balance at August 31, 2024 
 ) 

17. 
 20 

Table of Content 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following information should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and other information included elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company's 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in the Form 10-Q. 
 Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the sections entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements regarding AngioDynamics' expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, capital expenditures, products, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of management for future operations, as well as statements that include the words such as "expects," "reaffirms," "intends," "anticipates," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "projects," "optimistic," or variations of such words and similar expressions, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Investors are cautioned that actual events or results may differ materially from AngioDynamics' expectations, expressed or implied. Factors that may affect the actual results achieved by AngioDynamics include, without limitation, the ability of AngioDynamics to develop its existing and new products, technological advances and patents attained by competitors, infringement of AngioDynamics' technology or assertions that AngioDynamics' technology infringes the technology of third parties, the ability of AngioDynamics to effectively compete against competitors that have substantially greater resources, future actions by the FDA or other regulatory agencies, domestic and foreign health care reforms and government regulations, results of pending or future clinical trials, overall economic conditions (including inflation, labor shortages and supply chain challenges including the cost and availability of raw materials), the results of on-going litigation, challenges with respect to third-party distributors or joint venture partners or collaborators, the results of sales efforts, the effects of product recalls and product liability claims, changes in key personnel, the ability of AngioDynamics to execute on strategic initiatives, the effects of economic, credit and capital market conditions, general market conditions, market acceptance, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, the effects on pricing from group purchasing organizations and competition, the ability of AngioDynamics to obtain regulatory clearances or approval of its products, or to integrate acquired businesses. Other risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the factors described from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). 
 Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and, as such, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date stated, or if no date is stated, as of the date of this report. AngioDynamics disclaims any obligation to update the forward-looking statements. 
 Disclosure Regarding Trademarks 
 This report includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are our property or the property of other third parties. Solely for convenience, such trademarks and tradenames sometimes appear without any or symbol. However, failure to include such symbols is not intended to suggest, in any way, that we will not assert our rights or the rights of any applicable licensor, to these trademarks and tradenames. For a complete listing of all our trademarks, tradenames and service marks please visit www.angiodynamics.com/IP. Information on our website or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Executive Overview 
 AngioDynamics is a leading and transformative medical technology company focused on restoring healthy blood flow in the body's vascular system, expanding cancer treatment options and improving quality of life for patients. We design, manufacture and sell a wide range of medical, surgical and diagnostic devices used by professional healthcare providers for vascular access, for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease and for use in oncology and surgical settings. Our devices are generally used in minimally invasive, image-guided procedures. Many of our products are intended to be used once and then discarded, or they may be temporarily implanted for short- or long-term use. 
 Our business operations cross a variety of markets. Our financial performance is impacted by changing market dynamics, which have included an emergence of value-based purchasing by healthcare providers, consolidation of healthcare providers, 
 21 

Table of Content 

 the increased role of the consumer in health care decision-making and an aging population, among others. In addition, our growth is impacted by changes within our sector, such as the merging of competitors to gain scale and influence; changes in the regulatory environment for medical devices; and fluctuations in the global economy. 
 Our sales and profitability growth also depends, in part, on the introduction of new and innovative products, together with ongoing enhancements to our existing products. Expansions of our product offerings are created through internal and external product development, technology licensing and strategic alliances. We recognize the importance of, and intend to continue to make investments in research and development activities and selective business development opportunities to provide growth opportunities. 
 We sell our products in the United States primarily through a direct sales force, and outside the U.S. through a combination of direct sales and distributor relationships. Our end users include interventional radiologists, interventional cardiologists, vascular surgeons, urologists, interventional and surgical oncologists and critical care nurses. We expect our businesses to grow in both sales and profitability by expanding geographically, penetrating new markets, introducing new products and increasing our presence internationally. 
 The current macroeconomic environment continues to impact our business and may continue to pose future risks. The Company's ability to manufacture products, the reliability of our supply chain, labor shortages, backlog and inflation (including the cost and availability of raw materials, direct labor and shipping) have impacted our business, trends that may continue. Accordingly, management continues to evaluate the Company s liquidity position, communicate with and monitor the actions of our customers and suppliers, and review our near-term financial performance. 
 On July 16, 2024, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the "Repurchase Program") under which they authorized the Company the option to repurchase up to 15.0 million of its outstanding common stock. The timing and amount of any share repurchases under the authorization will be determined by management at its discretion and based on market conditions and other considerations. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company repurchased 72,141 shares of common stock in the open market at an aggregate cost of 0.5 million under the Repurchase Program. As of August 31, 2024, 14.5 million remained available for repurchase under the Repurchase Program. 
 In evaluating the operating performance of our business, management focuses on company-wide and segment revenue and gross margin and company-wide operating income, earnings per share and cash flow from operations. A summary of these key financial metrics for the three months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended August 31, 2023 are as follows: 
 Three months ended August 31, 2024: 
 Revenue decreased by 14.2 to 67.5 million 
 Med Tech growth of 8.2 and Med Device decrease of 25.2 
 Gross profit increased 350 bps to 54.4 
 Med Tech gross profit decreased 140 bps to 63.3 and Med Device gross profit increased 390 bps to 48.1 
 Net loss increased by 58.7 million to 12.8 million 
 Loss per share increased by 1.46 to 0.31 
 
 For the three months ended August 31, 2024, the decrease in revenue is partially due to the sale of the PICCs, Midline, dialysis and BioSentry businesses, along with the discontinuation of the RadioFrequency Ablation and Syntrax product lines, the total of which impacted sales by 12.0 million compared to the three months ended August 31, 2023. Our Med Tech revenue, comprised of Auryon, the thrombus management platform and NanoKnife, grew 8.2 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. The growth in Auryon was partially offset by softness in the NanoKnife and thrombus management platforms. Our Med Device revenue declined by 25.2 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 driven mainly by the sale of the PICCs, Midlines, dialysis and BioSentry businesses along with the discontinuation of the RadioFrequency Ablation product lines. 
 Results of Operations 
 For the three months ended August 31, 2024, the Company reported net loss of 12.8 million, or diluted loss per share of 0.31, on net sales of 67.5 million, compared with a net income of 45.9 million, or diluted earnings per share of 1.15, on net sales of 78.7 million during the same quarter of the prior year. 
 Net sales - Net sales are derived from the sale of products and related freight charges, less discounts, rebates and returns. 
 22 

Table of Content 

 Three Months Ended (in thousands) Aug 31, 2024 Aug 31, 2023 Change Net Sales Med Tech 27,969 25,860 2,109 Med Device 39,522 52,819 (13,297) Total 67,491 78,679 (11,188) 
 Three Months Ended (in thousands) Aug 31, 2024 Aug 31, 2023 Change Net Sales United States 59,481 64,399 (4,918) International 8,010 14,280 (6,270) Total 67,491 78,679 (11,188) 
 For the three months ended August 31, 2024, net sales decreased 11.2 million to 67.5 million compared to the same period in the prior year. At August 31, 2024, the Company had a backlog of 1.1 million. 
 The Med Tec h segment net sales increased 2.1 million fo r the three months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The change in sales from the prior year was primarily driven by: 
 Increased Auryon sales of 2.7 million; 
 Decreased sales of Syntrax of 0.1 million due to the discontinuation of this product line as of February 29, 2024; 
 Decreased sales of the thrombus management platform of 0.1 million, which was driven by a decrease in AngioVac sales of 0.5 million and was partially offset by an increase in AlphaVac sales of 0.4 million; and 
 Decreased NanoKnife sales of 0.4 million, which was driven by decreased capital and disposable sales. 
 The Me d Device segment net sales decreased 13.3 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The backlog, which primarily impacted sales of Core products, was 1.1 million. 
 The change in sales for the three months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year, was primarily driven by: 
 Decreased sales of PICCs and Midline products of 10.2 million, which was due to the divestiture of these businesses on February 15, 2024; 
 Decreased sales of dialysis and BioSentry products of 0.8 million, which was due to the divestiture of these businesses on June 8, 2023; 
 Decreased sales of RadioFrequency Ablation of 0.9 million due to the discontinuation of this product line as of February 29, 2024; and 
 Decreased sales of Microwave, Core and Oncology products of 1.5 million, 0.2 million and 0.2 million, respectively, which was partially offset by increased sales of Ports of 0.4 million. 
 
 Gross Profit Three Months Ended (in thousands) Aug 31, 2024 Aug 31, 2023 Change Med Tech 17,697 16,727 970 Gross profit of sales 63.3 64.7 Med Device 19,027 23,333 (4,306) Gross profit of sales 48.1 44.2 Total 36,724 40,060 (3,336) Gross profit of sales 54.4 50.9 
 
 23 

Table of Content 

 Gross profit - Gross profit consists of net sales less the cost of goods sold, which includes the costs of materials, products purchased from third parties and sold by us, manufacturing personnel, royalties, freight, business insurance, depreciation of property and equipment and other manufacturing overhead, exclusive of intangible amortization. 
 Total Company gross profit decreased by 3.3 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The change from the prior year was primarily driven by: 
 The sale of the PICCs, Midline, dialysis and BioSentry businesses contributed 3.4 million of gross profit in the prior year; 
 Sales volume, price and product mix, which positively impacted gross profit by 1.5 million; 
 Production volume and other incentives, which negatively impacted gross profit by 0.4 million. This was partially offset by production volume related to our TSA, which positively impacted gross profit by 0.3 million; 
 Inflationary costs on raw materials, labor shortages and freight costs negatively impacted gross profit by 0.9 million; and 
 Incremental depreciation and other expense on placement units of 0.5 million. 
 
 The Med Tech segment gross profit increased by 1.0 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The change from the prior year was primarily driven by: 
 Sales volume, price and product mix, which positively impacted gross profit by 1.8 million; 
 Inflationary costs on raw materials, labor shortages and freight costs negatively impacted gross profit by 0.4 million; and 
 Incremental depreciation and other expense on placement units of 0.6 million. 
 
 The Med Device segment gross profit decreased by 4.3 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The change from the prior year was primarily driven by: 
 
 The sale of the PICCs, Midline, dialysis and BioSentry businesses contributed 3.4 million of gross profit in the prior year; 
 Sales volume, which negatively impacted gross profit by 1.0 million; 
 Production volume and other incentives, which negatively impacted gross profit by 0.4 million. This was partially offset by production volume related to our TSA, which positively impacted gross profit by 0.3 million; 
 Price and product mix, which positively impacted gross profit by 0.8 million; 
 Inflationary costs on raw materials, labor shortages and freight costs negatively impacted gross profit by 0.5 million; and 
 Incremental depreciation and other expense on placement units of 0.1 million. 
 
 Operating Expenses and Other Income (Expense) 
 Three Months Ended (in thousands) Aug 31, 2024 Aug 31, 2023 Change Research and development 6,285 7,941 (1,656) of sales 9.3 10.1 Selling and marketing 25,605 27,368 (1,763) of sales 37.9 34.8 General and administrative 10,975 10,856 119 of sales 16.3 13.8 
 Research and development expense - Research and development R D expense includes internal and external costs to develop new products, enhance existing products, validate new and enhanced products, and manage clinical, regulatory and medical affairs. 
 R D expense decreased 1.7 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year . The change from the prior year was primarily driven by: 
 The timing of certain projects and clinical spend associated with the ongoing clinical trials, which decreased R D expense by 1.3 million; and 
 Compensation and benefits expenses, which decreased 0.4 million. 
 
 24 

Table of Content 

 Sales and marketing expense - Sales and marketing S M expense consists primarily of salaries, commissions, travel and related business expenses, attendance at medical society meetings, product promotions and marketing activities. 
 S M expense decreased 1.8 million for the three months ending August 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The change from the prior year was primarily driven by: 
 Compensation and benefits expense, which decreased by 1.7 million; and 
 Travel and other selling expenses, which decreased 0.2 million and was partially offset by trade show expenses, which increased 0.4 million. 
 
 General and administrative expense - General and administrative G A expense includes executive management, finance, information technology, human resources, business development, legal, and the administrative and professional costs associated with those activities. 
 G A e xpense increased 0.1 million for th e three months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The change from the prior year was primarily driven by: 
 Compensation and benefits expenses, which decreased 0.8 million; and 
 Other outside consultant spend for legal and IT, which increased 0.9 million. 
 
 Three Months Ended (in thousands) Aug 31, 2024 Aug 31, 2023 Change Amortization of intangibles 2,570 3,625 (1,055) Change in fair value of contingent consideration 76 (130) 206 Acquisition, restructuring and other items, net 4,311 3,212 1,099 Other expense, net 433 (169) 602 
 Amortization of intangibles - Represents the amount of amortization expense that was taken on intangibles assets held by the Company. 
 Amortization expense decreased 1.1 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year, due to the intangible assets that were included in the sale of the dialysis, BioSentry, PICCs and Midlines businesses and the abandonment of the Syntrax product line. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration - Represents changes in contingent consideration driven by changes to estimated future payments on earn-out liabilities created through acquisitions and amortization of present value discounts on long-term contingent consideration. 
 The change in the fair value for the three months ended August 31, 2024 is related to the Eximo contingent consideration. 
 Acquisition, restructuring and other items, net - Represents costs associated with mergers and acquisitions, restructuring expenses, legal costs that are related to litigation that is not in the ordinary course of business, legal settlements and other one-time items. 
 Acquisition, restructuring and other item s, net, increased by 1.1 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year. The change from the prior year was primarily driven by: 
 Legal expense, related to litigation that is outside of the normal course of business, which decreased 1.3 million; 
 Plant closure expense, related to the restructuring of our manufacturing footprint which was announced on January 5, 2024, which increased 3.6 million; 
 Transaction services agreements that were entered into as a result of the sale of the PICCs, Midline, dialysis and BioSentry businesses. The increase in the fees invoiced was 0.4 million; and 
 Manufacturing relocation expense related to the move of certain manufacturing lines from Queensbury, New York to a third party, which decreased 0.6 million. 

25 

Table of Content 

 Other expense, net - Other expenses include interest expense, foreign currency impacts and bank fees. 
 The change in other expe nse of 0.6 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year , is primarily due to increased interest income of 0.4 million and unrealized foreign currency fluctuations of 0.1 million. 
 Income Tax Benefit Three Months Ended (in thousands) Aug 31, 2024 Aug 31, 2023 Income tax benefit (expense) 0.1 (11.0) Effective tax rate including discrete items (1.1) (31.6) 
 Our effective tax rate including discrete items for the three months ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 was (1.1) and (31.6) , respectively. In fiscal year 2025, the Company s effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the impact of the valuation allowance, foreign taxes, and other non-deductible permanent items (such as non-deductible meals and entertainment, Section 162(m) excess compensation and non-deductible stock-based compensation). 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We regularly review our liquidity and anticipated capital requirements and we believe that our current cash on hand provides sufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated needs for capital for at least the next 12 months. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents totaled 55.0 million as of August 31, 2024, compared with 76.1 million as of May 31, 2024. As of August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024 the Company did not have any outstanding debt. The fair value of contingent consideration liability as of August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, was 4.8 million and 4.7 million, respectively. 
 The table below summarizes our cash flows: Three Months Ended (in thousands) Aug 31, 2024 Aug 31, 2023 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (18,253) (25,899) Investing activities (2,405) 98,442 Financing activities (509) (59,590) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 116 13 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (21,051) 12,966 
 During the quarters ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, cash flows consisted of the following: 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 Three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 Net loss of 12.8 million and a net income of 45.9 million, respectively, plus the non-cash items, primarily driven by depreciation and amortization and stock based compensation, along with the changes in working capital below, contributed to cash used in operations of 18.3 million and 25.9 million, respectively, for these periods. 
 For the period ended August 31, 2024, working capital was unfavorably impacted by decreased accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other liabilities of 15.0 million, along with increased in ventory and prepaid expenses of 4.1 million and 0.8 million, respectively. This was partially offset by decreased accounts rec eivable of 3.8 million . 
 For the period ended August 31, 2023, working capital was unfavorably impacted by decreased accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other liabilities of 16.5 million, along with increased inventory and prepaid expenses of 4.6 million and 4.2 million, respectively. This was partially offset by decreased accounts rec eivable of 3.2 million . 
 Cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 Three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 1.1 million and 0.8 million, respectively, of cash was used for fixed asset additions; 
 1.3 million and 0.8 million, respectively, of cash was used for Auryon placement and evaluation unit additions; 
 26 

Table of Content 

 100.0 million of cash was received for the divestiture of the dialysis and BioSentry businesses in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024; and 
 
 Cash used in financing activities 
 Three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 0.6 million of cash was used for the repurchase of commons shares in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025; 
 50.0 million repayment of the Credit Agreement in connection with the completion of the dialysis and BioSentry divestiture in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024; 
 10.0 million of contingent consideration payments made in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024; and 
 0.4 million of proceeds from stock option and ESPP activity in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. 
 On June 8, 2023 and in connection with the completion of the dialysis and BioSentry divestiture, the Company repaid all amounts outstanding under its existing Credit Agreement, and as a result, the Credit Agreement was extinguished. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, AngioDynamics had the option to repay this facility prior to the maturity date without penalty. 
 We believe that our current cash balance, together with cash generated from operations will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated needs for capital for at least the next 12 months. If we seek to make acquisitions of other businesses or technologies in the future for cash, we may require external financing. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Information regarding new accounting pronouncements is included in Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 27 

Table of Content 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in currency exchange rates and investments that could impact our results of operations and financial position. 
 We transact sales in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, particularly the Euro, British Pound and Canadian Dollar. For the three months ended August 31, 2024, approximately 3.4 of our sales were denominated in foreign currencies. We do not have expenses denominated in foreign currencies at the level of our sales and as a result, our profitability is exposed to currency fluctuations. When the U.S. Dollar strengthens, our sales and gross profit will be negatively impacted. In addition, we have assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies which are remeasured at each reporting period, with the offset to changes presented as a component of Other (Expenses) Income. Significant non-functional balances include accounts receivable due from a sub-section of our international customers. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and trade accounts receivable. 
 The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents at various institutions and performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit standings of these financial institutions to ensure their credit worthiness. 
 Concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable is limited due to the large number of customers that purchase products from the Company. No single customer represents more than 10 of total sales. The Company monitors the creditworthiness of its customers. As the Company s standard payment terms are 30 to 90 days from invoicing, the Company does not provide any significant financing to its customers. Although the Company does not currently foresee a significant credit risk associated with the outstanding accounts receivable, repayment is dependent upon the financial stability of our customers. 
 28 

Table of Content 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 29 

Table of Content 

 AngioDynamics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 See Note 14 "Commitments and Contingencies" set forth in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 In addition to information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our annual report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended May 31, 2024 which set forth information relating to important risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. You should review and consider such Risk Factors in making any investment decision with respect to our securities. An investment in our securities continues to involve a high degree of risk. 
 On June 8, 2023, the Company completed the sale of the dialysis and BioSentry businesses to Merit Medical Systems, Inc. In connection with the completion of the sale, the Company repaid all amounts outstanding under its then existing Credit Agreement, and as a result, the Credit Agreement was extinguished. We believe that our current cash balance, together with cash generated from operations will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated needs for capital for at least the next 12 months. If we seek to make acquisitions of other businesses or technologies in the future for cash or if circumstances materially change, we may require additional financing for liquidity, capital requirements or growth initiatives. We may not be able to obtain financing on terms and at interest rates that are favorable to us or at all. Any inability by us to obtain financing in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows . 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 The following table provides information with respect to the shares of the Company s common stock repurchased during the three months ended August 31, 2024: Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (2) Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Plans or Programs (2) June 1, 2024 - June 30, 2024 8,118 6.10 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 86,605 6.68 72,141 14,448,871 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 Total 94,723 6.63 72,141 14,448,871 
 (1) These shares were purchased from employees to satisfy tax withholding requirements on the vesting of restricted shares/units from equity-based awards. 
 (2) The Company has 15.0 million available to repurchase under the Repurchase Program that was approved by the Board of Directors and announced on July 16, 2024. The timing and amount of any share repurchases under the authorization will be determined by management at its discretion and based on market conditions and other considerations. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults on Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 Insider Trading Arrangements 
 30 

Table of Content 

 During the quarter ended August 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" (each as defined in Item 408(a) and (c), respectively, of Regulation S-K). 
 31 

Table of Content 

 Item 6 EXHIBIT INDEX Incorporated by Reference No. Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 31.1 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Calculation Linkbase Documents 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Labels Linkbase Documents 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Documents 
 
 32 

Table of Content 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 ANGIODYNAMICS, INC. (Registrant) Date: October 3, 2024 / S / JAMES C. CLEMMER 
 James C. Clemmer, President, 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: October 3, 2024 / S / STEPHEN A. TROWBRIDGE Stephen A. Trowbridge, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a08312024-exx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, James C. Clemmer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AngioDynamics, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 3, 2024 
 
 S JAMES C. CLEMMER 
 James C. Clemmer, President, 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a08312024-exx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Stephen A. Trowbridge, certify that 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AngioDynamics, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 3, 2024 
 
 S STEPHEN A. TROWBRIDGE 
 Stephen A. Trowbridge, Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a08312024-exx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO TITLE 18, 
 UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, James C. Clemmer, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of ANGIODYNAMICS, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 3, 2024 
 
 S JAMES C. CLEMMER James C. Clemmer, President, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a08312024-exx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO TITLE 18, 
 UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Stephen A. Trowbridge, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ANGIODYNAMICS, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 3, 2024 
 
 S STEPHEN A. TROWBRIDGE Stephen A. Trowbridge, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ango-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ango-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ango-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ango-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ango-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

