<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241023_10-Q_edgar_data_1357615_0001357615-24-000059.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10321487</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122832</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2339871</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3463523</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2210390</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1991942</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001357615-24-000059.hdr.sgml : 20241023
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241023123420
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001357615-24-000059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240927
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241023
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241023

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KBR, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001357615
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEAVY CONSTRUCTION OTHER THAN BUILDING CONST - CONTRACTORS [1600]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				204536774
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0103

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33146
		FILM NUMBER:		241388524

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 JEFFERSON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(713) 753-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 JEFFERSON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001357615-24-000059.txt : 20241023

10-Q
 1
 kbr-20240927.htm
 10-Q

kbr-20240927 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
 State of incorporation 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of October 16, 2024, there were shares of KBR, Inc. Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. F inancial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 48 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 48 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 48 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 49 
 SIGNATURES 
 50 

2 

Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as amended. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor provisions for forward-looking information. Some of the statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. The words "believe," "may," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "expect" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future financial performance and results of operations. 
 
 We have based these statements on our assumptions and analyses in light of our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate in the circumstances. Forward-looking statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect expected results, and actual future results could differ materially from those described in such statements. While it is not possible to identify all factors, factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially include the risks and uncertainties disclosed in our latest Form 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 
 
 Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Any of these factors, or a combination of these factors, could materially and adversely affect our future financial condition or results of operations and the ultimate accuracy of the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of our future performance, and our actual results and future developments may differ materially and adversely from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We caution against putting undue reliance on forward-looking statements or projecting any future results based on such statements or on present or prior earnings levels. In addition, each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement. 
 
 3 

Glossary of Terms 
 The following frequently used terms, abbreviations or acronyms are commonly used in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q as defined below: Acronym Definition AOCL Accumulated other comprehensive loss ASC Accounting Standards Codification Aspire Defence Aspire Defence Limited ASU Accounting Standards Update AUKUS 
 The Trilateral Security Partnership between Australia, the U.K. and the U.S. 
 C5ISR Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Cyber, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance CAS Cost Accounting Standards for U.S. government contracts DCAA Defense Contract Audit Agency DCMA Defense Contract Management Agency DoD Department of Defense ESPP Employee Stock Purchase Plan Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FAR Federal Acquisition Regulation FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FKTC First Kuwaiti Trading Company GS Government Solutions IRS Internal Revenue Service JKC JKC Australia LNG, an Australian joint venture executing the Ichthys LNG Project LNG Liquefied natural gas MD A Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MoD Ministry of Defence NASA National Aeronautics and Space Administration NCI Noncontrolling interests PFIs Private financed initiatives and projects PIC Paid-in capital in excess of par PPE Property, Plant and Equipment RPA Master Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate SONIA Sterling Overnight Index Average STS Sustainable Technology Solutions U.K. United Kingdom U.S. United States U.S. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States VIEs Variable interest entities 
 4 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Information 

KBR, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In millions, except for per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, September 27, September 29, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Cost of revenues ) ) ) ) Gross profit Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Legal settlement of legacy matter ) Other ) ) ) Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Charges associated with Convertible Notes ) ) Other non-operating income (expense) 
 ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Net income (loss) attributable to KBR ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to KBR per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Cash dividends declared per share 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

KBR, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, September 27, September 29, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 ) Pension and post-retirement benefits 
 Changes in fair value of derivatives 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Income tax (expense) benefit: Pension and post-retirement benefits 
 ) ) ) Changes in fair value of derivatives 
 ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to KBR ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

KBR, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except share data) 
 September 27, December 29, 2024 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Contract assets Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and (including net PPE of and owned by a variable interest entity), respectively 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Equity in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued salaries, wages and benefits Current maturities of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Employee compensation and benefits Income tax payable Deferred income taxes Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 5, 10 and 11) 
 par value, shares authorized, issued 
 Common stock, par value shares authorized, and shares issued, and and shares outstanding, respectively 
 PIC Retained earnings Treasury stock, shares and shares, at cost, respectively 
 ) ) AOCL ) ) Total KBR shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

KBR, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 (In millions, except for per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Dollars in millions Total PIC Retained Earnings Treasury Stock AOCL NCI Balance at June 28, 2024 ) ) Share-based compensation Common stock issued upon exercise of stock options Dividends declared to shareholders /share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Issuance of ESPP shares Acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other Net income 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 Balance at September 27, 2024 ) ) Dollars in millions Total PIC Retained Earnings Treasury Stock AOCL NCI Balance at December 29, 2023 ) ) Share-based compensation Common stock issued upon exercise of stock options Dividends declared to shareholders /share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Issuance of ESPP shares Acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance at September 27, 2024 ) ) 
 8 

Dollars in millions Total PIC Retained Earnings Treasury Stock AOCL NCI Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Share-based compensation Common stock issued upon exercise of stock options Dividends declared to shareholders /share) 
 ) ) Issuance of ESPP shares Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 ) ) Balance at September 29, 2023 ) ) Dollars in millions Total PIC Retained Earnings Treasury Stock AOCL NCI Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Share-based compensation Common stock issued upon exercise of stock options Dividends declared to shareholders /share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Issuance of ESPP shares Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Convertible Notes Transactions Other ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 Balance at September 29, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

9 

KBR, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Charges associated with Convertible Notes Depreciation and amortization Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 
 ) ) Deferred income tax Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses ) ) Contract assets ) Accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued salaries, wages and benefits ) Payments on operating lease obligation ) ) Payments from unconsolidated affiliates, net Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated affiliates Pension funding ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Total cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets or investments Return of (investments in) equity method joint ventures, net Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired 
 ) Funding in other investment ) ) Other ) Total cash flows used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings on long-term debt Borrowings on Revolver 
 Payments on short-term and long-term debt ) ) Payments on Revolver ) ) Payments on settlement of warrants ) ) Proceeds from the settlement of note hedge Payments to settle Convertible Notes ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Payments of dividends to shareholders ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest ) Payments to reacquire common stock ) ) Other ) ) Total cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flows information: Noncash financing activities Dividends declared 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

KBR, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

Note 1. 

Note 2. 
 
 core business segments, Government Solutions and Sustainable Technology Solutions and non-core business segment as described below: 
 
 Government Solutions. Our Government Solutions business segment provides full life-cycle support solutions to defense, intelligence, space, aviation and other programs and missions for military and other government agencies primarily in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. KBR's services cover the full spectrum spanning research and development, advanced prototyping, acquisition support, systems engineering, C5ISR, cyber analytics, space domain awareness, test and evaluation, systems integration and program management, global supply chain management, operations readiness and support and professional advisory services across the defense, renewable energy and critical infrastructure sectors. Included in Government Solutions is the recently acquired LinQuest Corporation ("LinQuest"), an engineering, data analytics and digital integration company that develops and integrates advanced technology solutions to meet the most challenging demands across space, air dominance and connected battlespace missions, including advanced AI and machine learning capabilities. See Note 17 "Acquisitions" to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information on this acquisition. 
 
 Sustainable Technology Solutions. Our Sustainable Technology Solutions business segment is anchored by our portfolio of over innovative, proprietary, sustainability-focused process technologies that accelerate and enable energy transition across the industrial base in primary verticals: ammonia/syngas, chemical/petrochemicals, clean refining and circular process/circular economy solutions. STS also provides highly synergistic services including advisory and consulting focused on broad-based energy transition and net-zero carbon emission solutions, high-end engineering, design and program management centered around decarbonization, energy security, energy efficiency, environmental impact and asset optimization, as well as our digitally-enabled operating and monitoring solutions. Through early planning and scope definition, advanced technologies and facility life-cycle optimization, our STS business segment works closely with customers to provide what we believe is the optimal approach to maximize their return on investment. 
 11 

Sustainable Technology Solutions Total revenues Operating income (loss): Government Solutions Sustainable Technology Solutions Other ) ) ) ) Total operating income 

Note 3. 
 
 Defense Intel Readiness Sustainment International Total Government Solutions Sustainable Technology Solutions Total revenue 
 
 Government Solutions revenue earned from key U.S. government customers includes U.S. DoD agencies and NASA and is reported as Science Space, Defense Intel and Readiness Sustainment. Government Solutions revenue earned from non-U.S. government customers primarily includes the U.K. MoD and the Australian Defence Force and is reported as International. 

12 

Europe Middle East Australia Africa Asia Other countries Total revenue Three Months Ended September 29, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 29, 2023 Total by Countries/Regions 
 Dollars in millions 
 Government Solutions Sustainable Technology Solutions Total Government Solutions Sustainable Technology Solutions Total United States Europe Middle East Australia Africa Asia Other countries Total revenue 
 
 Many of our contracts contain cost reimbursable, time-and-materials and fixed price components. We define contract type based on the component that represents the majority of the contract. 
 Time-and-Materials Fixed Price Total revenue Three Months Ended September 29, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 29, 2023 Dollars in millions Government Solutions Sustainable Technology Solutions Total Government Solutions Sustainable Technology Solutions Total Cost Reimbursable Time-and-Materials Fixed Price Total revenue 

13 

million for the three months ended September 27, 2024, and million and million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. 
 
 On September 27, 2024, we had billion of transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations. We expect to recognize approximately of our remaining performance obligations as revenue within , in years two through five and thereafter. Revenue associated with our remaining performance obligations to be recognized beyond one year includes performance obligations primarily related to the Aspire Defence project, which has contract terms extending through 2041. Remaining performance obligations do not include variable consideration that was determined to be constrained as of September 27, 2024. 
 
 We recognized revenue of million and million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively, which was previously included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of each period. 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Trade other Accounts receivable 

14 

Note 4. 
 
 Short-term investments (c) Cash and cash equivalents held in consolidated joint ventures and Aspire Defence subcontracting entities (d) Total 
 
 December 29, 2023 Dollars in millions International (a) Domestic (b) Total Cash and cash equivalents 
 Short-term investments (c) Cash and cash equivalents held in consolidated joint ventures and Aspire Defence subcontracting entities (d) Total 
 
 (a) Includes deposits held by non-U.S. entities with operating accounts that constitute offshore cash for tax purposes. 
 (b) Includes U.S. dollar and foreign currency deposits held in U.S. entities with operating accounts that constitute onshore cash for tax purposes but may reside either in the U.S. or in a foreign country. 
 (c) Includes time deposits, money market funds and other highly liquid short-term investments. 
 million and million as of September 27, 2024 and December 29, 2023, respectively. 

Note 5. 
 
 Net increase in project estimates 
 Ending balance of amounts included in project estimates-at-completion Amounts recognized over time based on progress 
 
 The balance as of September 27, 2024 relates to estimated recoveries of claims associated with certain U.S. government programs in our Government Solutions segment. 
 
 15 

Note 6. 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates (a) 
 Distributions of earnings of unconsolidated affiliates (b) ) ) Payments from unconsolidated affiliates, net ) ) Return of investments in equity method investment, net (c) 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Other (d) Ending balance 
 (a) The equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates in 2024 and 2023 is related to normal activities within our other joint ventures. 
 (b) In the normal course of business, our joint ventures will declare a distribution in the current quarter that is not paid until the subsequent quarter. As such, the distributions declared during the current quarter may not agree to the distributions of earnings from unconsolidated affiliates on our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 (c) For the nine months ended September 27, 2024, we received a return of investment from JKC of approximately million related to our proportionate share of a tax refund. During the year ended December 29, 2023, we received a return of investment from JKC of approximately million related to the second payment received from the Subcontractor Settlement Agreement. 
 million related to joint ventures within our STS business segment. During the year ended December 29, 2023, Other included the reclassification of the net liability position of million related to a joint venture within our STS business segment. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 We often provide engineering, construction management and other subcontractor services to our unconsolidated joint ventures, and our revenues include amounts related to these services. For the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024 our revenues included million and million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023 included million and million, respectively, related to the services we provided primarily to the Aspire Defence Limited joint venture within our GS business segment and a joint venture within our STS business segment. 
 
 16 

Contract liabilities 

Note 7. 
 
 frozen defined benefit pension plans in the U.S., frozen and active plan in the U.K. and frozen plan in Germany. 
 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Recognized actuarial loss Net periodic pension benefit ) ) ) ) 
 
 million of the million we expect to contribute to our U.K. pension plan in fiscal year 2024. 

Note 8. 
 
 Term Loan B Senior Notes Revolver Unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts ) ) Total debt Less: current portion Total long-term debt, net of current portion 

Senior Credit Facility 
 
 Our existing Credit Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2018, as amended ("Credit Agreement"), consists of a billion revolving credit facility (the "Revolver"), a Term Loan A ("Term Loan A") with debt tranches denominated in U.S. dollars and British pound sterling and a Term Loan B ("Term Loan B" and together with the Revolver and Term Loan A, the "Senior Credit Facility"). 
 
 We entered into Amendment No. 11 to our Credit Agreement on January 19, 2024. This amendment provided for an incremental Term Loan B facility in an aggregate principal amount of billion and extended the Term Loan B maturity date to 
 17 

billion principal amount available under this loan. We received million in cash proceeds from this borrowing to pay accrued interest and financing fees, million was applied to the outstanding principal under the Term Loan B facility and the remaining million was applied to the outstanding principal under the Revolver. In addition, Amendment No. 11 reduced the interest rate margin applicable to Term Loan B. During the nine months ended September 27, 2024, million in cash was paid on the outstanding Term Loan B principal. 
 
 We entered into Amendment No. 12 to our Credit Agreement on February 7, 2024. This amendment consolidated all USD denominated Term Loans A including: Term A-1, Term A-2 and Term A-4 loan facilities under our Credit Agreement into the amended singular USD denominated Term A-1 loan facility and continued the GBP denominated Term A-3 loan facility outstanding at December 29, 2023. During the nine months ended September 27, 2024, million in cash was paid on the outstanding Term Loan A principal and accrued interest and million was applied to the Term Loan A principal using proceeds of a borrowing on our Revolver. Additionally, this amendment extended the maturity date of the billion Revolver, amended Term A-1 loan facility and Term A-3 loan facility to February 2029. 
 
 We entered into Amendment No. 13 to our Credit Agreement on August 14, 2024. This amendment allowed for an incremental delayed draw Term A-2 loan in an aggregate principal amount up to million, which remained available for days to fund the acquisition of LinQuest, maturing August 2027. On August 30, 2024, we borrowed the entire million available under the delayed draw Term A-2 loan upon closing of the LinQuest acquisition. Additionally, under Amendment No. 13, we refinanced outstanding principal amounts under the Company's existing Term B loan facility via a cashless roll into a new Term B loan facility to reduce the interest rate margin applicable to Term Loan B. The applicable interest rate per annum of the new Term B loan facility is term SOFR plus (or base rate plus and the maturity date is January 2031. See Note 17. "Acquisitions" to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion around the acquisition of LinQuest. 
 
 We had cash borrowings of million and cash repayments of million on our Revolver that occurred during the nine months ended September 27, 2024. The interest rates with respect to the Revolver, Term Loan A and Term Loan B are based on, at our option, the applicable adjusted reference rate plus an additional margin or base rate plus additional margin. Additionally, there is a commitment fee applicable to available amounts under the Revolver. 
 
 Less than 4.25 to 1.00 but greater than or equal to 3.25 to 1.00 Less than 3.25 to 1.00 but greater than or equal to 2.25 to 1.00 Less than 2.25 to 1.00 but greater than or equal to 1.25 to 1.00 Less than 1.25 to 1.00 
 (a) The reference rate for the Revolver and the U.S. dollar tranches of Term Loan A-1 is SOFR plus bps Credit Spread Adjustment and the British pound sterling tranche of Term Loan A-3 is SONIA plus bps Credit Spread Adjustment. 
 
 18 

Less than 4.25 to 1.00 but greater than or equal to 3.25 to 1.00 Less than 3.25 to 1.00 but greater than or equal to 2.25 to 1.00 Less than 2.25 to 1.00 but greater than or equal to 1.25 to 1.00 Less than 1.25 to 1.00 
 (a) The reference rate for Term Loan A-2 is SOFR. 
 Both Term Loan A-1 and Term Loan A-3 provide for quarterly principal payments of of the aggregate principal amount, increasing to starting with the quarter ending April 3, 2026. Term Loan A-2 provides for quarterly principal payments of of the aggregate principal amount commencing with the last business day September 2024. Term Loan B provides for quarterly principal payments of million commencing with the last business day of September 2024. Each of Term Loan A-1, Term Loan A-3 and the Revolver matures in February 2029, Term Loan A-2 matures in August 2027 and Term Loan B matures in January 2031. 
 
 The Senior Credit Facility contains financial covenants providing for a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio and a consolidated interest coverage ratio (as such terms are defined in the Senior Credit Facility). Our consolidated net leverage ratio as of the last day of any fiscal quarter may not exceed to 1 in 2023, reducing to to 1 in 2024 and thereafter. Our consolidated interest coverage ratio may not be less than to 1 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. As of September 27, 2024, we were in compliance with our financial covenants under our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 On September 30, 2020, we issued and sold million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2028 (the "Senior Notes") pursuant to an indenture among us, the guarantors party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as trustee. The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by each of our existing and future domestic subsidiaries that guarantee our obligations under the Senior Credit Facility and certain other indebtedness. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 30 and September 30 of each year, beginning on March 30, 2021, and the principal is due on September 30, 2028. 
 
 Since September 30, 2023, we have the ability to redeem all or part of the Senior Notes at our option, at the redemption prices set forth in the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but not including) the redemption date. If we undergo a change of control, we may be required to make an offer to holders of the Senior Notes to repurchase all of the Senior Notes at a purchase price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 Letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees 
 
 billion committed line of credit on the Revolver under our Senior Credit Facility and million of bilateral and uncommitted lines of credit. As of September 27, 2024, with respect to our Revolver, we had million of outstanding borrowings. We also have million of outstanding letters of credit on our Senior Credit Facility. With respect to our million of bilateral and uncommitted lines of credit, we had utilized million for letters of credit as of September 27, 2024. The total remaining capacity of these committed and uncommitted lines of credit was approximately million as of September 27, 2024, all of which can be used toward issuing letters of credit. Of the letters of credit outstanding under the Senior Credit Facility, none have expiry dates beyond the maturity date of the Senior Credit Facility. Of the total letters of credit outstanding under our bilateral facilities, million relate to our joint venture operations where the letters of credit are posted using our capacity to support our pro-rata share of obligations under various contracts executed by joint ventures of which we are a member. 
 
 19 

Note 9. 
 
 and ) for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the U.S. statutory rate of 21 , was primarily affected by the rate differential on our foreign earnings and the impact of state and local taxes in the U.S. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 29, 2023 was primarily impacted by the non-deductible portion of a legal settlement on a legacy matter and the non-deductible charge associated with the cash settlement method election and convertible notes repurchase in 2023. The implications of these non-deductible items were partially offset by the release of a previously reserved position based on developments associated with the ongoing IRS examination and appeals process for certain years. 
 
 The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of September 27, 2024 and December 29, 2023 was million and million, respectively. The remaining valuation allowance is primarily related to foreign tax credit carryforwards and foreign and state net operating loss carryforwards that, in the judgment of management, do not meet the more likely than not realization threshold. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income, in the appropriate character and source, during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible or within the remaining carryforward period. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods), projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. 
 
 The utilization of the unreserved foreign tax credit carryforwards is based on our ability to generate income from foreign sources of approximately million prior to their expiration. The utilization of other net deferred tax assets, excluding those associated with indefinite-lived intangible assets, is based on our ability to generate U.S. forecasted taxable income of approximately million. Changes in our forecasted taxable income, in the appropriate character and source, as well as jurisdiction, could affect the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets. 
 
 million. 

Note 10. 

20 

Note 11. 
 
 million as of September 27, 2024 and million as of December 29, 2023, which are recorded in other liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Legacy U.S. Government Matters 
 
 Between 2002 and 2011, we provided significant support to the U.S. Army and other U.S. government agencies in support of the war in Iraq under the LogCAP III contract. We have been closing out the LogCAP III contract since 2011, and we expect the contract closeout process to continue for at least another year. As a result of our work under LogCAP III, there are claims and disputes pending between us and the U.S. government that need to be resolved in order to close the contract. The contract closeout process includes administratively closing the individual task orders issued under the contract. We continue to work with the U.S. government to resolve the issues to close the remaining task orders, which includes ongoing litigation of third-party vendor disputes. We also have matters related to ongoing litigation or investigations involving U.S. government contracts. We anticipate billing additional labor, vendor resolution and litigation costs as we resolve the open matters in the future. 
 
 million in KBR s favor plus post-judgment interest. FKTC sought to offset amounts awarded to KBR with amounts FKTC claimed it was owed based on unpaid principal and post award interest on the awards issued in its favor in the prior arbitration proceedings, totaling million. KBR disagreed with FKTC s interest claim and calculation. On September 22, 2023, the Court issued a decision finding the net amount due in favor of KBR from FKTC is million. FKTC has appealed this ruling. In addition, in March 2022, FKTC filed a civil action in Kuwait civil court against KBR seeking million in damages. This action is duplicative of the claims decided in arbitration. In September 2022, we filed a motion to dismiss this action for lack of jurisdiction due to the arbitration agreement between KBR and FKTC. On December 7, 2023, the Kuwait Court of Cassation issued a ruling ordering KBR to pay an immaterial provisional damage award and requiring FKTC to refile its case in the Court of First Instance for adjudication. Based on our assessment of existing law and precedent, the opinions or views of legal counsel and the facts available to us, no amounts were accrued as of September 27, 2024. 
 21 

Note 12. ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) adjustments before reclassifications 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCL 
 ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Balance at September 27, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 Dollars in millions Accumulated foreign currency translation adjustments Accumulated pension liability adjustments Changes in fair value of derivatives Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income adjustments before reclassifications 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCL 
 ) ) Net other comprehensive income 
 Balance at September 29, 2023 ) ) ) ) See (a) below Recognized actuarial loss ) See (a) below Net pension and post-retirement benefits 
 ) ) Net of tax Changes in fair value for derivatives Foreign currency hedge and interest rate swap settlements 
 Other non-operating expense Tax expense 
 ) ) Provision for income taxes Net changes in fair value of derivatives 
 Net of tax 
 (a) This item is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 7 "Retirement Benefits" to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 22 

Note 13. 
 
 million of additional share repurchases to be added to the prior authorizations, which returned the total amount authorized and available for repurchase under the share repurchase program to million. As of September 27, 2024, million remained available for repurchase under this authorization. The authorization does not obligate us to acquire any particular number of shares of common stock and may be commenced, suspended or discontinued without prior notice. The share repurchases are intended to be funded through our current and future cash flows and the authorization does not have an expiration date. 
 
 Withheld to Cover Program 
 
 We have in place a "withhold to cover" program, which allows us to withhold common shares from employees in connection with the settlement of income tax and related benefit withholding obligations arising from the issuance of share-based equity awards under the KBR, Inc. 2006 Stock and Incentive Plan. 
 
 Withhold to cover shares Total Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 29, 2023 September 29, 2023 Number of Shares Average Price per Share Dollars in Millions Number of Shares Average Price per Share Dollars in Millions Repurchases under the authorized share repurchase program Withhold to cover shares Total 
 
 23 

Note 14. 
 
 ) ) Less earnings allocable to participating securities ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to KBR ) ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to KBR ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Net income (loss) attributable to KBR per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, the diluted net income (loss) attributable to KBR per share calculation excluded the following weighted-average potential common shares because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive: million related to our stock options and restricted stock awards. 
 
 Due to our net loss position for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023, our basic net loss attributable to KBR per share and diluted net loss attributable to KBR per share are identical as the effect of all potential common shares is anti-dilutive and therefore excluded. For the three months ended September 29, 2023, the diluted net income (loss) attributable to KBR per share calculation excluded the following weighted-average potential common shares because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive: million related to the Warrant Transactions and million related to our stock options and restricted stock awards. For the nine months ended September 29, 2023, the diluted net income (loss) attributable to KBR per share calculation excluded the following weighted-average potential common shares because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive: million related to the Convertible Debt, million related to the Warrant Transactions and million related to our stock options and restricted stock awards. 

24 

Note 15. 

Term Loan B 
 Level 2 Senior Notes 
 Level 2 Revolver Level 2 Derivative Liability - Warrants Level 2 
 
 The carrying value of the debt instruments listed above exclude debt issuance costs for the respective instrument. See Note 8 "Debt and Other Credit Facilities" for the debt issuance costs of our debt instruments and further discussion of our term loans, Senior Notes and Revolver. We paid the outstanding warrant derivative liability at December 29, 2023 of million in 2024. 
 
 The following disclosures for foreign currency risk and interest rate risk includes the fair value hierarchy levels for our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 
 Foreign currency risk. We conduct business globally in numerous currencies and are therefore exposed to foreign currency fluctuations. We may use derivative instruments to reduce the volatility of earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We do not use derivative instruments for speculative trading purposes. We generally utilize foreign currency exchange forwards and option contracts to hedge exposures associated with forecasted future cash flows and to hedge exposures present on our balance sheet. 
 
 As of September 27, 2024, the gross notional value of our foreign currency exchange forwards and option contracts used to hedge balance sheet exposures was million, all of which had durations of days or less. The fair value of our balance sheet hedges are included in other current assets, other assets and other liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets at September 27, 2024, and December 29, 2023. The fair values of these derivatives are considered Level 2 under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, as they are based on quoted prices directly observable in active markets. 
 25 

) ) Balance Sheet Position - Remeasurement ) ) ) Net gain (loss) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Interest rate risk. We use interest rate swaps to reduce interest rate risk and to manage net interest expense by converting a portion of our variable rate debt under our Senior Credit Facility into fixed-rate debt. During the three months ended September 27, 2024, we entered into additional interest rate swap agreements to term SOFR, which became effective September 30, 2024. 
 
 Term SOFR Monthly through January 2027 September 2022 Interest Rate Swaps Term SOFR Monthly through January 2027 March 2023 Interest Rate Swaps Term SOFR Monthly through January 2027 March 2023 Amortizing Interest Rate Swaps Term SONIA Monthly through November 2026 September 2024 Interest Rate Swaps Term SOFR Monthly through August 2027 
 
 Includes the September 2024 interest rate swaps that became effective September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our interest rate swaps are reported at fair value using Level 2 inputs. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at September 27, 2024 was a million net asset, of which million is included in other current assets, million is included in other assets and million is included in other liabilities. The unrealized net gain on these interest rate swaps was million and is included in AOCL as of September 27, 2024. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at December 29, 2023 was a million net asset, of which million is included in other current assets, million is included in other assets and million is included in other liabilities. The unrealized net gains on these interest rate swaps was million and is included in AOCL as of December 29, 2023. 
 
 Sales of Receivables. From time to time, we sell certain receivables to unrelated third-party financial institutions under various accounts receivable monetization programs. One such program is with MUFG Bank, Ltd. MUFG under a Master Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement (the RPA ), which provides the sale to MUFG of certain of our designated eligible receivables, with a significant portion of such receivables being owed by the U.S. government. During the nine months ended September 27, 2024, we derecognized million of accounts receivables from the balance sheet under these agreements, of which certain receivables totaling million were sold under the MUFG RPA. The fair value of the sold receivables approximated their book value due to their short-term nature. The fees incurred are presented in other non-operating expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Sale of receivables Settlement of receivables ) ) Cash collected, not yet remitted ) Outstanding balances sold to financial institutions 
 26 

. The carrying value of our investment in Mura was million at September 27, 2024. The carrying value of our investment in Mura was million at December 29, 2023. 

Note 16. 

Note 17. 
 
 million in cash, net of cash acquired, subject to certain working capital, net debt and other post-closing adjustments. The Company funded the acquisition through a combination of cash on-hand, million in borrowings under the delayed draw term A-2 loan, million in borrowings on our Revolver and proceeds from the sale of receivables. See Note 8 "Debt and Other Credit Facilities" for further discussion around these borrowings on our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 We have recorded million during the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, respectively, in acquisition-related costs related to LinQuest, which are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 27 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Cash and equivalents Accounts receivable Contract assets Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets Equity in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets Accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued salaries, wages and benefits Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired Goodwill 
 
 The goodwill recognized of million arising from this acquisition is recorded within our GS segment and primarily relates to future growth opportunities, a highly skilled assembled workforce and other expected synergies from the combined operations. For U.S. tax purposes, the transaction is treated as a stock deal. As a result, there is no step-up in tax basis and the goodwill recognized is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Customer relationships Total intangible assets 
 
 28 

Net income attributable to KBR ) ) Diluted earnings per share ) ) 
 
 Following the closing of the acquisition on August 30, 2024, the acquired LinQuest business has contributed million of revenues and million of gross profit within our GS business segment during both the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024 . 
 
 29 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Introduction 
 
 The purpose of MD A is to disclose material changes in our financial condition since the most recent fiscal year-end and results of operations during the current fiscal period as compared to the corresponding period of the preceding fiscal year. The MD A should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes and our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 
 
 KBR, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("KBR"), delivers science, technology, engineering and logistics support solutions to governments and companies around the world . Drawing from its rich 100-year history and culture of innovation and mission focus, KBR creates sustainable value by combining deep domain expertise with its full life cycle capabilities to help clients meet their most pressing challenges. Our capabilities and offerings include the following: 
 
 Scientific research such as quantum science and computing; health and human performance; materials science; life science research; and earth sciences; 
 Defense systems engineering such as rapid prototyping; test and evaluation; aerospace acquisition support; systems and platform integration; and sustainment engineering; 
 Operational support such as space domain awareness; C5ISR; human spaceflight and satellite operations; integrated supply chain and logistics; and military aviation support; 
 Information operations such as cyber analytics and cybersecurity; data analytics; mission planning systems; virtual and augmented reality and technical training; and artificial intelligence and machine learning; 
 Professional advisory services across the defense, renewable energy and critical infrastructure sectors; and 
 Sustainable decarbonization solutions that accelerate and enable energy transition and climate change solutions such as proprietary, sustainability-focused process licensing; advisory services focused on energy transition; high-end engineering, design and management program offerings; and digitally-enabled asset optimization solutions. 
 
 KBR's strategic growth vectors include: 
 Defense modernization; 
 Space superiority; 
 Health and human performance; 
 Sustainable technology; 
 High-end engineering; 
 Energy transition and security; and 
 Technology-led asset optimization 
 
 Key customers include U.S. DoD agencies such as the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy and U.S. Air Force, Missile Defense Agency, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, National Reconnaissance Office and other intelligence agencies; U.S. civilian agencies such as NASA, U.S. Geological Survey and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; the U.K. MoD, and other U.K. Crown Services; the Royal Australian Air Force, Navy and Army; other national governments; and a wide range of commercial and industrial companies. 
 
 Our deployment priorities are to fund organic growth, maintain responsible leverage, maintain an attractive dividend, make strategic, accretive acquisitions and repurchase shares. Our acquisition thesis is centered around moving upmarket, expanding capabilities and broadening customer sets across strategic growth vectors. KBR also develops and prioritizes investment in technologies that are disruptive, innovative and sustainability- and safety-focused. These technologies and engineering solutions enable clients to achieve a cleaner, greener, more energy efficient global future. 
 
 On August 30, 2024, we acquired LinQuest, an engineering, data analytics and digital integration company that develops and integrates advanced technology solutions to meet the most challenging demands across space, air dominance and connected battlespace missions, including advanced AI and machine learning capabilities. LinQuest supports the U.S. Air Force and other U.S. Department of Defense and intelligence agencies. Additional information related to the LinQuest acquisition is described in Note 17 "Acquisitions" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 

30 

Business Environment and Trends 
 
 Government Outlook 
 
 In March 2024, the U.S. government finalized the fiscal 2024 budget. The U.S. government was operating under a continuing resolution funding measure from the start of the 2024 U.S. government fiscal year through the passage date of the spending bills in March 2024. Discretionary spending includes approximately 825 billion in defense spending and approximately 703 billion in non-defense discretionary spending. Additionally, the approved 2024 NASA budget is 25 billion. In April 2024, a 61 billion Ukraine Security Assistance supplemental funding bill was enacted to provide ongoing assistance and equipment to the military and national security forces of Ukraine and other forces or groups engaged in resisting Russian aggression against Ukraine. 
 
 In March 2024, President Biden provided his proposed fiscal 2025 budget, which includes 1.6 trillion in discretionary spending, 895 billion related to defense spending and 734 billion for non-defense spending. The requested discretionary spending amounts are consistent with the fiscal 2024 budget. The Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023 imposed statutory caps on discretionary funding in 2025 that restrict increases within the discretionary budget. This Fiscal Responsibility Act also enacted limits on discretionary funding for the years 2026 through 2029. The proposed fiscal 2025 budget continues to allocate funding to important initiatives from previous year fiscal budgets, including funding to deter aggression in the Indo-Pacific and funding for certain AUKUS-related items. The effect of President Biden's proposed fiscal 2025 budget on individual programs or KBR cannot be predicted at this time. 
 
 The U.S. government has not yet enacted an annual budget for fiscal year 2025; these proposed 2025 budgetary amounts are subject to change. To avert a government shutdown, a continuing resolution funding measure has been enacted to finance all U.S. government activities through December 20, 2024. Under the continuing resolution, partial-year funding at amounts consistent with appropriated levels for fiscal year 2024 are available, subject to certain restrictions, but new spending initiatives are not authorized. Uncertainty continues to exist regarding whether a divided Congress will be able to pass appropriation bills or additional continuing resolutions once the current continuing resolution expires on December 20, 2024. We believe our key programs will continue to be supported and funded in the continuing resolution financing mechanism. The effect of a potential government shutdown or the finalized fiscal year 2025 budget on KBR or our individual programs cannot be predicted at this time. However, if a government shutdown were to occur and were to continue for an extended period, we could be at risk of program cancellations, schedule delays and other disruptions and nonpayment, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We anticipate the federal budget will continue to be subject to debate and compromise shaped by, among other things, the 2024 U.S. general elections, heightened political tensions, the global security environment, inflationary pressures and macroeconomic conditions. The result may be shifting funding priorities, which could have material impacts on defense spending broadly and our programs. 
 
 Internationally, our Government Solutions work is performed primarily for the U.K. MoD and the Australian Department of Defence. In March 2024, the U.K. government announced the defense budget, with the defense budget remaining consistent with the defense budget from the prior fiscal year. A general election was held in the United Kingdom in July 2024, with the Labour Party becoming the primary governing party of the House of Commons. The Labour Party has committed to increasing defense spending to 2.5 of GDP in the future, which is an increase from the previous commitment to increase defense spending to 2.25 . The effect of this general election on KBR or our individual programs cannot be predicted at this time. Recognizing the importance of strong defense and the role the U.K. plays across the globe, the U.K. has prioritized investment in military research and investment in key areas to advance and develop capabilities around artificial intelligence, cyber security and space superiority. The Australian government continues to invest in defense spending, with particular focus on enhancing regional security, modernizing defense capabilities, strengthening cyber defenses and promoting broader economic stability. The fiscal year budget for Australia for the 2024 - 2025 financial year was finalized, with the Australian government increasing defense spending to AUD 55.7 billion, or approximately 2.00 of GDP. 
 
 With defense and civil budgets driven in part by political instability, military conflicts, aging platforms and infrastructure and the need for technology advances, we expect continued opportunities to provide solutions and technologies to mission critical work aligned with our customers and our nation s critical priorities. 
 
 31 

Sustainable Technology Outlook 
 
 Long-range commercial market fundamentals are supported by global population growth, expanding global development and an acceleration of demand for energy transition, renewable energy sources and climate change solutions. The globe is in search of the solution to the energy trilemma, the balance between energy affordability, ensuring energy security and achieving environmental sustainability. Clients are prioritizing their efforts to solve the energy trilemma by investing in digital solutions to optimize operations, increase end-product flexibility and energy efficiency, reduce unplanned downtime and minimize environmental footprint. As the global focus on energy security intensifies and companies continue to commit to near-term carbon neutrality and longer-range net-zero carbon emissions, we expect spending to continue in areas such as decarbonization; carbon capture, utilization and sequestration; biofuels; and circular economy. Further, leading companies across the world are proactively evaluating clean energy alternatives, including hydrogen and green ammonia, which complements KBR's proprietary process technologies, solutions and capabilities. We expect climate change, energy security and energy transition to continue to be areas of priority and investment as many countries, including the U.S., look to boost their economies and invest in a cleaner, more secure future. 
 
 Our Business 
 
 KBR's business is organized into two core and one non-core business segments as follows: 
 
 Core business segments 
 Government Solutions 
 Sustainable Technology Solutions 
 
 Non-core business segment 
 Other 
 
 See additional information on our business segments in Note 2 "Business Segment Information" to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

32 

Results of Operations 
 
 Three months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 29, 2023 
 
 The information below is an analysis of our consolidated results for the three months ended September 27, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 29, 2023. See Results of Operations by Business Segment below for additional information describing the performance of each of our reportable segments. 
 
 Consolidated Results Three Months Ended September 27, September 29, 2024 vs. 2023 Dollars in millions 2024 2023 Revenues 1,947 1,770 177 10 Cost of revenues (1,656) (1,526) 130 9 Gross profit 291 244 47 19 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 27 32 (5) (16) Selling, general and administrative expenses (140) (127) 13 10 Other (5) (2) 3 n/m Operating income 173 147 26 18 Interest expense (37) (30) 7 23 Charges associated with Convertible Notes (114) (114) (100) Other non-operating income (expense) 
 (2) 2 4 n/m Income before income taxes 
 134 5 129 n/m Provision for income taxes (32) (23) 9 39 Net income (loss) 102 (18) 120 n/m Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 2 3 (1) (33) Net income (loss) attributable to KBR 100 (21) 121 n/m 
 
 n/m - not meaningful 
 
 Revenues. The increase in overall revenue of 177 million, or 10 , to 1,947 million was primarily due to 41 million in revenue associated with the LinQuest acquisition, in addition to growth on high-end defense engineering, classified intelligence, readiness sustainment and international programs within our GS business and increased revenues from technology sales and engineering and professional services in our STS business. 
 
 Gross profit. The increase in overall gross profit of 47 million, or 19 , was primarily driven by items increasing revenues discussed above and favorable STS licensing mix. 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates . The decrease in equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates of 5 million to 27 million in earnings for the three months ended September 27, 2024, compared to 32 million in earnings for the three months ended September 29, 2023 is primarily attributed to a decrease in equity in earnings from services on an LNG project within our STS segment. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the three months ended September 27, 2024 were 13 million higher, a 10 increase compared to the three months ended September 29, 2023, which was primarily driven by additional expenses incurred to support the growth in both our GS and STS business segments. 
 
 Interest expense. The increase in interest expense was primarily driven by higher notional outstanding debt principal amounts as a result of the LinQuest acquisition from the three months ended September 29, 2023 to the three months ended September 27, 2024. 
 
 Charges associated with Convertible Notes. During the three months ended September 29, 2023, we recognized a loss of 114 million related to the election of cash as the settlement method for our Convertible Notes that did not recur during the three months ended September 27, 2024. 
 33 

Provision for income taxes. The provision for income taxes for the three months ended September 27, 2024 reflects a 24 tax rate as compared to a 460 tax rate for the three months ended September 29, 2023. The effective tax rate of 24 for the three months ended September 27, 2024, as compared to the U.S. statutory rate of 21 , was primarily affected by the rate differential on our foreign earnings and the impact of state and local taxes in the U.S. The effective tax rate of 460 for the three months ended September 29, 2023 was primarily impacted by the non-deductible charge associated with the election of cash as the settlement method for our Convertible Notes in 2023. The impact of this non-deductible item was partially offset by the release of a previously reserved position based on developments associated with the ongoing IRS examination and appeals process for certain years. See Note 9 "Income Taxes" to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion on income taxes. 

34 

Results of Operations by Business Segment 
 Three Months Ended September 27, September 29, 2024 vs. 2023 Dollars in millions 2024 2023 Revenues: Government Solutions 1,490 1,345 145 11 Sustainable Technology Solutions 457 425 32 8 Total revenues 1,947 1,770 177 10 Operating income (loss): Government Solutions 123 108 15 14 Sustainable Technology Solutions 95 84 11 13 Other (45) (45) Total operating income 173 147 26 18 

Government Solutions 
 
 GS revenues increased by 145 million, or 11 , to 1,490 million in the three months ended September 27, 2024 compared to 1,345 million in the three months ended September 29, 2023. The increase in revenue is primarily due to 41 million in revenue associated with the LinQuest acquisition, in addition to growth on high-end defense engineering, classified intelligence, readiness sustainment and international programs. 
 
 GS operating income increased by 15 million, or 14 , to 123 million in the three months ended September 27, 2024 compared to 108 million in operating income in the three months ended September 29, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by the items discussed above. 

Sustainable Technology Solutions 
 
 STS revenues increased by 32 million, or 8 , to 457 million in the three months ended September 27, 2024 compared to 425 million in the three months ended September 29, 2023. The increase in revenue is primarily from engineering and professional services and technology sales. 
 
 STS operating income increased by 11 million, or 13 , to 95 million in the three months ended September 27, 2024 compared to 84 million in the three months ended September 29, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by items discussed above and favorable licensing mix, offset by decreased equity in earnings from services on an LNG project. 

Other 
 
 Other operating loss remained materially consistent for each of the three months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023. 
 35 

Results of Operations 
 
 Nine months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 29, 2023 
 
 The information below is an analysis of our consolidated results for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 29, 2023. See Results of Operations by Business Segment below for additional information describing the performance of each of our reportable segments. 
 
 Consolidated Results Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, 2024 vs. 2023 Dollars in millions 2024 2023 Revenues 5,620 5,226 394 8 Cost of revenues (4,810) (4,486) 324 7 Gross profit 810 740 70 9 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 97 78 19 24 Selling, general and administrative expenses (390) (370) 20 5 Legal settlement of legacy matter (144) (144) (100) Other 3 (3) 6 n/m Operating income 520 301 219 73 Interest expense (100) (85) 15 18 Charges associated with Convertible Notes (428) (428) (100) Other non-operating expense (10) (1) 9 n/m Income (loss) before income taxes 410 (213) 623 n/m Provision for income taxes (107) (69) 38 55 Net income (loss) 303 (282) 585 n/m Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 4 4 Net income (loss) attributable to KBR 299 (286) 585 n/m 
 
 n/m - not meaningful 
 
 Revenues. The increase in overall revenue of 394 million, or 8 , to 5,620 million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 is primarily due to growth on high-end defense engineering, classified intelligence and international programs within our GS business, increased revenues from technology sales and engineering and professional services in our STS business and 41 million in revenue associated with the LinQuest acquisition. 
 
 Gross profit. The increase in overall gross profit of 70 million, or 9 , was primarily driven by items increasing revenues discussed above, offset by resolutions on various legacy matters in 2023 that did not recur in 2024. 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates . Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates increased by 19 million to 97 million in earnings for the nine months ended September 27, 2024, compared to 78 million in earnings for the nine months ended September 29, 2023. The increase is primarily attributed to equity in earnings from services on an LNG project within our STS segment. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the nine months ended September 27, 2024 were 20 million higher, a 5 increase compared to the nine months ended September 29, 2023, which was primarily driven by additional expenses incurred to support the growth in both our GS and STS business segments. 
 
 Legal settlement of Legacy Matter. During the nine months ended September 29, 2023, we recorded a charge of 144 million related to the settlement of a legacy legal matter that did not recur during the nine months ended September 27, 2024. 
 
 Interest expense. The increase in interest expense was primarily driven by increases in the U.S. federal reserve funds rate and increased outstanding debt principal from the nine months ended September 29, 2023 to the nine months ended September 27, 2024. 
 
 36 

Charges associated with Convertible Notes. During the nine months ended September 29, 2023, we recognized a loss of 428 million related to the election of cash as the settlement method for our Convertible Notes and the repurchase of a portion of our Convertible Notes that did not recur during the nine months ended September 27, 2024. 
 
 Provision for income taxes. The provision for income taxes for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 reflects a 26 tax rate as compared to a (32) tax rate for the nine months ended September 29, 2023. The effective tax rate of 26 , as compared to the U.S. statutory rate of 21 , for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 was primarily affected by the rate differential on our foreign earnings and the impact of state and local taxes in the U.S. The effective tax rate of (32) , as compared to the U.S. statutory rate of 21 , for the nine months ended September 29, 2023 was primarily impacted by the non-deductible portion of a legal settlement on a legacy matter and the non-deductible charge associated with the cash election and Convertible Notes repurchase in 2023. The impacts of these non-deductible items were partially offset by the release of a previously reserved position based on developments associated with the ongoing IRS examination and appeals process for certain years. See Note 9 "Income Taxes" to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion on income taxes. 
 
 37 

Results of Operations by Business Segment 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, 2024 vs. 2023 Dollars in millions 2024 2023 Revenues: Government Solutions 4,273 4,025 248 6 Sustainable Technology Solutions 1,347 1,201 146 12 Total revenues 5,620 5,226 394 8 Operating income (loss): Government Solutions 362 182 180 99 Sustainable Technology Solutions 277 243 34 14 Other (119) (124) 5 4 Total operating income 520 301 219 73 

Government Solutions 
 
 GS revenues increased by 248 million, or 6 , to 4,273 million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024, compared to 4,025 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2023. The increase in revenue is primarily due to growth on high-end defense engineering, classified intelligence and international programs. Additionally, we recognized 41 million in revenue associated with the LinQuest acquisition. 
 
 GS operating income increased by 180 million to 362 million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024, compared to 182 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2023. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by the 144 million charge recognized in the nine months ended September 29, 2023 related to the settlement of a legacy legal matter that did not recur during the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and growth in the areas discussed above. Additionally, in 2024, we recognized 6 million gain related to the sale of our investment interest in a joint venture. 

Sustainable Technology Solutions 
 
 STS revenues increased by 146 million, or 12 , to 1,347 million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024, compared to 1,201 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2023. This increase is primarily driven by increased revenues from technology sales and engineering and professional services. 
 
 STS operating income increased by 34 million, or 14 , to 277 million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024, compared to 243 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2023. The increase in operating income is primarily due to the items discussed above and increased equity in earnings from services on an LNG project, offset by a favorable resolution on a legacy matter in 2023 that did not recur in 2024. 

Other 
 
 Other operating loss remained materially consistent for each of the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. 
 
 38 

Backlog of Unfilled Orders 
 
 Backlog represents the estimated dollar amount of revenues we expect to realize in the future as a result of performing work on contracts and our pro-rata share of work to be performed by our unconsolidated joint ventures. We include total estimated revenues in backlog when a contract is awarded under a legally binding agreement. In many instances, arrangements included in backlog are complex, nonrepetitive and may fluctuate over the contract period due to the release of contracted work in phases by the customer. Additionally, nearly all contracts allow customers to terminate the agreement at any time for convenience, and from time to time customers may dispute or try to renegotiate existing contracts. These and other factors may result in delays or changes in our recognition of revenue from our backlog versus amounts we book as backlog. Certain contracts provide maximum dollar limits, with actual authorization to perform work under the contract agreed upon on a periodic basis with the customer. In these arrangements, only the amounts authorized and probable are included in backlog. For projects where we act solely in a project management capacity, we only include the expected value of our services in backlog. 
 
 We define backlog, as it relates to U.S. government contracts, as our estimate of the remaining future revenue from existing signed contracts over the remaining base contract performance period (including customer approved option periods) for which work scope and price have been agreed with the customer. We define funded backlog as the portion of backlog for which funding currently is appropriated, less the amount of revenue we have previously recognized. We define unfunded backlog as the total backlog less the funded backlog. Our GS backlog does not include any estimate of future potential delivery orders that might be awarded under our government-wide acquisition contracts, agency-specific indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contracts or other multiple-award contract vehicles, nor does it include option periods that have not been exercised by the customer. 
 
 Within our GS business segment, we calculate estimated backlog for long-term contracts associated with the U.K. government's PFIs based on the aggregate amount that our client would contractually be obligated to pay us over the life of the project. We update our estimates of the future work to be executed under these contracts on a quarterly basis and adjust backlog, if necessary. 
 
 We have included in the table below our proportionate share of unconsolidated joint ventures' estimated backlog. As these projects are accounted for under the equity method, only our share of future earnings from these projects will be recorded in our results of operations. Our proportionate share of backlog for projects related to unconsolidated joint ventures totaled 3.2 billion at September 27, 2024, and 4.1 billion at December 29, 2023. 
 
 The following table summarizes our backlog by business segment as of September 27, 2024, and December 29, 2023, respectively: 
 September 27, December 29, Dollars in millions 2024 2023 Government Solutions 14,150 12,790 Sustainable Technology Solutions 3,750 4,545 Total backlog 17,900 17,335 
 
 We estimate that as of September 27, 2024, 36 of our backlog will be executed within one year. Of this amount, we estimate that 87 will be recognized in revenues on our condensed consolidated statement of operations and 13 will be recorded by our unconsolidated joint ventures. As of September 27, 2024, 101 million of our backlog relates to active contracts that are in a loss position. 
 
 As of September 27, 2024, 12 of our backlog was attributable to fixed-price contracts, 38 was attributable to PFIs, 33 was attributable to cost-reimbursable contracts and 17 was attributable to time-and-materials contracts. For contracts that contain fixed-price, cost-reimbursable and time-and-materials components, we classify the individual components as either fixed-price, cost-reimbursable or time-and-materials according to the composition of the contract; however, for smaller contracts, we characterize the entire contract based on the predominant component. As of September 27, 2024 , 10.1 billion of our GS backlog was currently funded by our customers. 
 
 As of September 27, 2024, we had approximately 4.2 billion of priced option periods not yet exercised by the customer for U.S. government contracts that are not included in the backlog amounts presented above. 
 
 39 

The difference between backlog of 17.9 billion and the remaining performance obligations as defined by ASC 606 of 14.0 billion is primarily due to our proportionate share of backlog related to unconsolidated joint ventures which is not included in our remaining performance obligations. See Note 3 "Revenue" to our condensed consolidated financial statements for discussion of the remaining performance obligations. 

Transactions with Joint Ventures 
 
 We form incorporated and unincorporated joint ventures to execute certain projects. In addition to participating as a joint venture partner, we often provide engineering, procurement, construction management, operations or maintenance services to the joint venture as a subcontractor. Where we provide services to a joint venture that we control and therefore consolidate for financial reporting purposes, we eliminate intercompany revenues and expenses on such transactions. In situations where we account for our interest in the joint venture under the equity method of accounting, we do not eliminate any portion of our subcontractor revenues or expenses, however, we recognize profit on our subcontractor scope of work up to but not in excess of the joint venture's percent complete on its scope of work. We recognize revenue over time on our services provided to joint ventures that we consolidate and our services provided to joint ventures that we record under the equity method of accounting. See Note 6 "Equity Method Investments and Variable Interest Entities" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. The information discussed therein is incorporated by reference into this Part I, Item 2. 

Legal Proceedings 
 
 Information relating to various commitments and contingencies is described in Notes 5 "Unapproved Change Orders and Claims Against Clients", 10 "Commitments and Contingencies" and 11 "U.S. Government Matters" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the information discussed therein is incorporated by reference into this Part I, Item 2. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity is provided by available cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, our Senior Credit Facility, (as defined below) sale or divestiture of assets and access to capital markets. Our operating cash flow can vary significantly from year to year and is affected by the mix, terms, timing and stag e of completion of our projects. We often receive cash in advance on certain of our sustainable technology projects. On time-and-material and cost reimbursable contracts, we may utilize cash on hand or availability under our Senior Credit Facility to satisfy any periodic operating cash requirements for working capital, as we incur costs and subsequently invoice our customers. 
 Certain STS services projects may require us to provide credit support for our performance obligations to our customers in the form of letters of credit, surety bonds or guarantees. Our ability to obtain new project awards in the future may be dependent on our letter of credit and surety bonding capacity, which may be further dependent on the timely release of existing letters of credit and surety bonds. As the need for credit support arises, letters of credit may be issued under the Revolver (as defined below) or with lending counterparties on a bilateral, syndicated or other basis. 
 As discussed in Note 8 "Debt and Other Credit Facilities" of our condensed consolidated financial statements, we entered into Amendment No. 11 to our Credit Agreement on January 19, 2024. This amendment provided for an incremental Term Loan B facility in an aggregate principal amount of 1 billion and extended the Term Loan B maturity date to January 2031. We borrowed the full 1 billion principal amount available under this loan. We received 24 million in cash proceeds from this borrowing to pay accrued interest and financing fees, 501 million was applied to the outstanding principal under the Term Loan B facility and the remaining 475 million was applied to the outstanding principal under the Revolver. In addition, Amendment No.11 reduced the interest rate margin applicable to Term Loan B. During the nine months ended September 27, 2024, 2 million in cash was paid on the outstanding Term Loan B principal. 
 
 We entered into Amendment No. 12 to our Credit Agreement on February 7, 2024. This amendment consolidated all USD denominated Term Loans A including: Term A-1, Term A-2 and Term A-4 loan facilities under our Credit Agreement into the amended singular USD denominated Term A-1 loan facility and continued the GBP denominated Term A-3 loan facility outstanding at December 29, 2023. During the nine months ended September 27, 2024, 79 million in cash was paid on the outstanding Term Loan A principal and accrued interest and 20 million was applied to the Term Loan A principal using proceeds of a borrowing on our Revolver. Additionally, this amendment extended the maturity date of the 1 billion Revolver, amended Term A-1 loan facility and Term A-3 loan facility to February 2029. 
 
 40 

We entered into Amendment No. 13 to our Credit Agreement on August 14, 2024. This amendment allowed for an incremental delayed draw Term A-2 loan in an aggregate principal amount up to 550 million, which remained available for 180 days to fund the acquisition of LinQuest, maturing August 2027. On August 30, 2024, we borrowed the entire 550 million available under the delayed draw Term A-2 loan upon closing of the LinQuest acquisition. Additionally, under Amendment No. 13, we refinanced outstanding principal amounts under the Company's existing Term B loan facility via a cashless roll into a new Term B loan facility to reduce the interest rate margin applicable to Term Loan B. The applicable interest rate per annum of the new Term B loan facility is term SOFR plus 2.00 (or base rate plus 1.00 and the maturity date is January 2031. See Note 17. "Acquisitions" to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion around the acquisition of LinQuest. 
 
 We believe that existing cash balances, internally generated cash flows, availability under our Senior Credit Facility and other lines of credit are sufficient to support our business operations for the next 12 months. As of September 27, 2024, we are in compliance with all financial covenants related to our debt agreements. 
 Cash and cash equivalents totaled 462 million at September 27, 2024, and 304 million at December 29, 2023, and consisted of the following: 
 September 27, December 29, Dollars in millions 2024 2023 Domestic U.S. cash 49 44 International cash 266 128 Joint venture and Aspire Defence project cash 147 132 Total 462 304 
 
 Our cash balances are held in numerous accounts throughout the world to fund our global activities, including acquisitions, joint ventures and other business partnerships. Domestic cash relates to cash balances held by U.S. entities and is largely used to support project activities of those businesses as well as general corporate needs such as the payment of dividends to shareholders, repayment of debt and potential repurchases of our outstanding common stock. 
 
 Our international cash balances may be available for general corporate purposes but are subject to local restrictions, such as capital adequacy requirements and maintaining sufficient cash balances to support our U.K. pension plan and other obligations incurred in the normal course of business by those foreign entities. Repatriations of our undistributed foreign earnings are generally free of U.S. tax but may incur withholding and/or state taxes. We consider our future non-U.S. cash needs as 1) our anticipated foreign working capital requirements, including funding of our U.K. pension plan, 2) the expected growth opportunities across all geographical markets and 3) our plans to invest in strategic growth opportunities, which may include acquisitions, joint ventures and other business partnerships around the world, including whether foreign earnings are permanently reinvested. If management were to completely remove the indefinite investment assertion on all foreign subsidiaries, the exposure to local withholding taxes would be less than 7 million. 
 
 Joint venture cash and Aspire Defence project cash balances reflect the amounts held by joint venture entities that we consolidate for financial reporting purposes. These amounts are limited to those entities' activities and are not readily available for general corporate purposes; however, portions of such amounts may become available to us in the future should there be a distribution of dividends to the joint venture partners. We expect that the majority of the joint venture cash balances will be utilized for the corresponding joint venture purposes or for paying dividends. 
 
 As of September 27, 2024, substantially all of our excess cash was held in interest bearing operating accounts or short-term investment accounts with the primary objectives of preserving capital and maintaining liquidity. 
 41 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, Dollars in millions 2024 2023 Cash flows provided by operating activities 422 248 Cash flows used in investing activities 
 (751) (43) Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 
 475 (250) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 12 4 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 158 (41) 
 
 Operating Activities . Cash provided by operations totaled 422 million and 248 million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively, as compared to net income of 303 million and net loss of 282 million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. Cash flows from operating activities result primarily from earnings and are affected by changes in operating assets and liabilities, which consist primarily of working capital balances for projects. Working capital levels vary from year to year and are primarily affected by our volume of work. These levels are also impacted by the mix, stage of completion and commercial terms of projects. Working capital requirements also vary by project depending on the type of client and location throughout the world. 
 
 The primary components of our working capital accounts are accounts receivable, contract assets, accounts payable and contract liabilities. These components are impacted by the size and changes in the mix of our cost-reimbursable and time-and-materials projects versus fixed price projects, and as a result, fluctuations in these components are not uncommon in our business. The increase in operating cash flows for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 29, 2023 is primarily related to the payment made in the third quarter of 2023 related to the settlement of a legacy legal matter that did not recur during the nine months ended September 27, 2024. Additionally, for the nine months ended September 27, 2024, we received 123 million in distributions of earnings from unconsolidated affiliates compared to 58 million in distributions of earnings from unconsolidated affiliates for the nine months ended September 29, 2023. This increase was offset primarily by increased employer pension contributions and changes in the primary components of our working capital. 
 
 Investing Activities . Cash used in investing activities totaled 751 million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and was primarily related to the acquisition of LinQuest, net of cash acquired of 739 million, capital expenditures of 54 million and funding in other investment of 5 million. This was offset by a return of investment from JKC of approximately 36 million related to our proportionate share of a tax refund. Additionally, we received 6 million from the sale of our investment interest in a joint venture within our GS segment. See Note 17. "Acquisitions" to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion around the acquisition of LinQuest Corporation and Note 6. "Equity Method Investments and Variable Interest Entities" for further details around the return of investment from JKC. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities totaled 43 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2023 and was primarily related to the second payment for an additional investment of 39 million in Mura Technology and capital expenditures of 60 million. This was offset by a return of investment of approximately 61 million from JKC resulting from the receipt of the second payment from the Subcontractor Settlement Agreement. See Note 6. "Equity Method Investments and Variable Interest Entities" for further details. 
 
 Financing Activities . Cash provided by financing activities totaled 475 million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and was primarily related to 343 million in borrowings on our Revolver and 574 million in borrowings associated with Amendment No. 11 and No. 13 to our Credit Agreement. These increases were offset by 81 million of principal payments related to our Senior Credit Facility, 63 million in payments on the Revolver, 154 million for the repurchase of common stock under our share repurchase program and 13 million for the repurchase of common stock under our "withhold to cover" program. Cash used in financing activities also included 33 million payment for the settlement of warrants, 59 million of dividend payments to common shareholders, 18 million in debt issuance costs associated with Amendment No. 11, No. 12 and No. 13 to our Credit Agreement for our Senior Credit Facility and 10 million for the acquisition of a noncontrolling interest. See Note 8 "Debt and Other Credit Facilities" for further discussion of our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 Cash used in financing activities totaled 250 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2023 and was primarily due to a net cash outflow of 201 million to repurchase a portion of our outstanding Convertible Notes, corresponding Note 
 42 

Hedge and outstanding warrants. Cash used in financing activities also included 53 million of dividend payments to common shareholders, 125 million for the repurchase of common stock under our share repurchase program, 12 million for the repurchase of common stock under our "withhold to cover" program, 270 million in payments on our Revolver and 12 million of principal payments related to our Senior Credit Facility. These decreases were partially offset by 430 million in borrowings related to our Revolver. See Note 8. "Debt and Other Credit Facilities" for further discussion of our Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 Future sources of cash. We believe that future sources of cash include cash flows from operations (including accounts receivable monetization arrangements), cash derived from working capital management and cash borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 Future uses of cash. We believe that future uses of cash include working capital requirements, joint venture capital calls, capital expenditures, dividends, pension funding obligations, repayments of borrowings, share repurchases, legal settlements of any currently outstanding legal matter or any future legal proceeding and strategic investments including acquisitions, joint ventures and other business partnerships. Our capital expenditures will be focused primarily on facilities and equipment to support our businesses. In addition, we will use cash to make payments under leases and various other obligations, including potential litigation payments, as they arise. 
 
 Other factors potentially affecting liquidity 
 
 Ichthys LNG Project. As part of the settlement agreement between JKC and Ichthys LNG, Pty, Ltd (collectively, the Parties in October 2021, KBR s letters of credit were reduced to 82 million from 164 million. Additionally, as part of this settlement agreement, the Parties agreed to consult in good faith and to cooperate to seek maximum recovery from the insurance policies and paint manufacturer for the deterioration of paint and insulation on certain exterior areas of the plant. The Parties agreed to collectively pursue claims against the paint manufacturer and JKC has assigned claims under the insurance policy regarding the paint and insulation matters to the client. The parties have agreed that if, at the date of final resolution of the above proceedings and claims with respect to the paint and insulation matters, the recovered amount from the paint manufacturer and insurance claim is less than the stipulated ceiling amount in the settlement agreement, JKC will pay the client the difference between the stipulated ceiling amount and the recovered amount. JKC has provided for and continues to maintain a provision for this contingent liability. 
 
 U.K. pension obligation. We have recognized on our condensed consolidated balance sheets a funding surplus of 64 million (measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation as of September 27, 2024) for our frozen U.K. defined benefit pension plan. The total amount of employer pension contributions paid for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 was 28 million for our defined benefit plan in the U.K. The funding requirements for our U.K. pension plan are determined based on the U.K. Pensions Act 1995. Annual minimum funding requirements are based on a binding agreement with the Trustee of the U.K. pension plan that is negotiated on a triennial basis. In June 2022, KBR and the Trustee executed an agreement requiring minimum annual contributions of approximately 33 million 44 million at current exchange rates) for the period through March 2028. This schedule of contributions will be reviewed by the Trustee and KBR no later than 15 months after the effective date of each actuarial valuation, due every three years. In the future, pension funding may increase or decrease depending on changes in the levels of interest rates, pension plan asset return performance and other factors. A significant increase in our funding requirements for the U.K. pension plan could result in a material adverse impact on our financial position. 
 
 Sales of Receivables. From time to time, we sell certain receivables to unrelated third-party financial institutions under various accounts receivable monetization programs. One such program is with MUFG Bank, Ltd. MUFG under a Master Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement, which provides the sale to MUFG of certain of our designated eligible receivables, with a significant portion of such receivables being owed by the U.S. government. We plan to continue to utilize these programs to ensure we have flexibility to meet our capital needs. Refer to Note 15 "Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Risk Management" to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion on our sales of receivables. 
 
 Credit Agreement and Senior Credit Facility 
 
 Information relating to our Senior Credit Facility is described in Note 8 "Debt and Other Credit Facilities" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the information discussed therein is incorporated by reference into this Part I, Item 2. 
 43 

Senior Notes 
 
 Information relating to our Senior Notes is described in Note 8 "Debt and Other Credit Facilities" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the information discussed therein is incorporated by reference into this Part I, Item 2. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees. In the ordinary course of business, we may enter into various arrangements providing financial or performance assurance to customers on behalf of certain consolidated and unconsolidated subsidiaries, joint ventures and other jointly executed contracts. Such off-balance sheet arrangements include letters of credit, surety bonds and corporate guarantees to support the creditworthiness or project execution commitments of these entities and typically have various expiration dates ranging from mechanical completion of the project being constructed to a period beyond completion in certain circumstances such as for warranties. We may also guarantee that a project, once completed, will achieve specified performance standards. If the project subsequently fails to meet guaranteed performance standards, we may incur additional costs, pay liquidated damages or be held responsible for the costs incurred by the client to achieve the required performance standards. The potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make under an outstanding performance arrangement is typically the remaining estimated cost of work to be performed by or on behalf of third parties. For cost reimbursable contracts, amounts that may become payable pursuant to guarantee provisions are normally recoverable from the client for work performed under the contract. For fixed-price contracts, the performance guarantee amount is the cost to complete the contracted work, less amounts remaining to be billed to the client under the contract. Remaining billable amounts could be greater or less than the cost to complete the project. If costs exceed the remaining amounts payable under the contract, we may have recourse to third parties, such as owners, subcontractors or vendors for claims. 
 
 In our joint venture arrangements, the liability of each partner is usually joint and several. This means that each joint venture partner may become liable for the entire risk of performance guarantees provided by each partner to the customer. Typically, each joint venture partner indemnifies the other partners for any liabilities incurred in excess of the liabilities the other party is obligated to bear under the respective joint venture agreement. We are unable to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make under outstanding performance guarantees related to joint venture projects due to a number of factors, including but not limited to, the nature and extent of any contractual defaults by our joint venture partners, resource availability, potential performance delays caused by the defaults, the location of the projects and the terms of the related contracts. In May 2024, a partner in one of our project-based joint ventures voluntarily filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization. Our joint venture operations have not been materially impacted by these bankruptcy proceedings. See Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in Part I of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding our fixed-price contracts and operations through joint ventures and partnerships. 
 
 In certain limited circumstances, we enter into financial guarantees in the ordinary course of business, with financial institutions and other credit grantors, which generally obligate us to make payment in the event of a default by the borrower. These arrangements generally require the borrower to pledge collateral to support the fulfillment of the borrower s obligation. We account for both financial and performance guarantees at fair value at issuance in accordance with ASC 460-10 Guarantees and, as of September 27, 2024, we had no material guarantees of the work or obligations of third parties recorded. 
 
 As of September 27, 2024, we had a 1 billion committed line of credit on the Revolver under our Senior Credit Facility and 493 million of bilateral and uncommitted lines of credit. As of September 27, 2024, with respect to our Revolver, we had 330 million of outstanding borrowings. We also have 14 million of outstanding letters of credit on our Senior Credit Facility. With respect to our 493 million of bilateral and uncommitted lines of credit, we had utilized 293 million for letters of credit as of September 27, 2024. The total remaining capacity of these committed and uncommitted lines of credit was approximately 856 million as of September 27, 2024, all of which can be used toward issuing letters of credit. Information relating to our letters of credit is described in Note 8 "Debt and Other Credit Facilities" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the information discussed therein is incorporated by reference into this Part I, Item 2. Other than discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we have not engaged in any material off-balance sheet financing arrangements through special purpose entities. 
 
 44 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 There have been no material changes to our discussion of critical accounting policies and estimates from those set forth in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 29, 2023, which discussion is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents are deposited with major banks throughout the world. We invest excess cash and cash equivalents in short-term securities, primarily money market funds, which carry a fixed rate of return. We have not incurred any credit risk losses related to deposits of our cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk . Because of the global nature of our business, we are exposed to market risk associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We have historically attempted to limit exposure to foreign currency fluctuations through provisions requiring the client to pay us in currencies corresponding to the currency in which cost is incurred. In addition to this natural hedge, we may use foreign exchange forward contracts and options to hedge material exposures when forecasted foreign currency revenues and costs are not denominated in the same currency and when efficient markets exist. These derivatives are generally designated as cash flow hedges and are carried at fair value. 
 
 We use derivative instruments, such as foreign exchange forward contracts, to hedge foreign currency risk related to non-functional currency assets and liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes or make speculative investments in foreign currencies. Each period, these balance sheet hedges are marked to market through earnings and the change in their fair value is largely offset by remeasurement of the underlying assets and liabilities. We recorded a net loss of 5 million and 4 million during the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively, in other non-operating expense on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of these derivatives was not material to our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 27, 2024. Information relating to fair value measurements is described in Note 15 "Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Risk Management" to our condensed consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk . We are exposed to market risk for changes in interest rates for the Revolver and term loan borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility. We had 330 million of borrowings issued under the Revolver as of September 27, 2024. Additionally, we had 2,052 million outstanding under the term loan portions of the Senior Credit Facility as of September 27, 2024. Borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility bear interest at variable rates as described in Note 8 "Debt and Other Credit Facilities" to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We use interest rate swaps to reduce interest rate risk and to manage net interest expense by converting our variable rate debt under our Senior Credit Facility into fixed-rate debt. During the three months ended September 27, 2024, we entered into additional interest rate swap agreements to term SOFR, which became effective September 30, 2024. Our portfolio of interest rate swaps consists of the following: 
 
 Dollars in millions Notional Amount at September 27, 2024 Pay Fixed Rate (Weighted Average) Receive Variable Rate Settlement and Termination March 2020 Interest Rate Swaps 400 0.89 Term SOFR Monthly through January 2027 September 2022 Interest Rate Swaps 350 3.43 Term SOFR Monthly through January 2027 March 2023 Interest Rate Swaps 205 3.61 Term SOFR Monthly through January 2027 March 2023 Amortizing Interest Rate Swaps 111 3.81 Term SONIA Monthly through November 2026 September 2024 Interest Rate Swaps 200 3.27 Term SOFR Monthly through August 2027 
 Includes the September 2024 interest rate swaps that became effective September 30, 2024. 
 
 The swap agreements were designated as cash flow hedges at inception in accordance with ASC Topic 815 Derivative and Hedging . The fair value of the interest rate swaps at September 27, 2024 was a 21 million net asset, of which 17 million is included in other current assets, 10 million is included in other assets and 6 million is included in other liabilities. Information relating to our portfolio of interest rate swaps is described in Note 15 "Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Risk Management" to our condensed consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. 
 
 At September 27, 2024, we had fixed rate debt aggregating 1,352 million and variable rate debt aggregating 1,280 million, after taking into account the effects of the interest rate swaps. Our weighted average interest rate net of the impact from 
 45 

our swap agreements for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 was 5.76 . If interest rates were to increase by 50 basis points, pre-tax interest expense would increase by approximately 4 million in the next twelve months net of the impact from our swap agreements, based on outstanding borrowings as of September 27, 2024. 
 
 46 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 27, 2024, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 We completed the acquisition of LinQuest on August 30, 2024. Management s assessment and conclusion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2024 excludes an assessment of the internal control over financial reporting of LinQuest. We are in the process of integrating this business which may result in additions or changes to our internal controls over financial reporting. There were no other changes in our internal control reporting during the three months ended September 27, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

47 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Information relating to various commitments and contingencies is described in Notes 5, 10 and 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the information discussed therein is incorporated by reference into this Part II, Item 1. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There are no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference, for the year ended December 29, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 On February 25, 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a plan to repurchase our outstanding shares of common stock, which replaced and terminated the August 26, 2011 share repurchase program. On February 19, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized 174 million of additional share repurchases to be added to the prior authorizations, which returned the total amount authorized and available for repurchase under the share repurchase program to 500 million. As of September 27, 2024, 346 million remained available for repurchase under this authorization. The authorization does not obligate us to acquire any particular number of shares of common stock and may be commenced, suspended or discontinued without prior notice. The share repurchases are intended to be funded through our current and future cash flows and the authorization does not have an expiration date. 
 
 The following is a summary of share repurchases of our common stock during the three months ended September 27, 2024 and the amount available to be repurchased under the authorized share repurchase program: 
 Purchase Period Total Shares 
 Repurchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan Dollar Value of Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan June 29, 2024 - July 26, 2024 117,066 64.04 117,066 346,019,074 July 27, 2024 - August 23, 2024 1,123 65.31 346,019,074 August 24, 2024 - September 27, 2024 19,114 64.03 346,019,074 Total 137,303 64.05 117,066 346,019,074 
 
 (1) Included within the shares repurchased herein are 20,237 shares acquired from employees in connection with the income tax and related benefit withholding obligations arising from issuance of share-based equity awards under the KBR, Inc. 2006 Stock and Incentive Plan at an average price of 64.10 per share. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 27, 2024, none of our officers or directors or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of SEC Regulation S-K. 
 48 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.1 Amendment No. 13 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2024, with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, the lenders party thereto, the Company and each of the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to KBR s current report on Form 8-K filed August 19, 2024; File No. 001-33146). 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following financial information from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of KBR, Inc. for the quarter ended September 27, 2024 formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - formatted as Inline XBRL contained in Exhibit 101 
 
 + Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements Filed with this Form 10-Q Furnished with this Form 10-Q Interactive data files 

49 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized: 
 
 KBR, INC. /s/ Mark W. Sopp /s/ Alison G. Vasquez Mark W. Sopp Alison G. Vasquez Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Dated: October 23, 2024 Dated: October 23, 2024 
 
 50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kbr-ex311x0927202410xq.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Stuart J. B. Bradie, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of KBR, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 
 s Stuart J. B. Bradie 
 Stuart J. B. Bradie 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kbr-ex312x0927202410xq.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Mark W. Sopp, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of KBR, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 
 
 s Mark W. Sopp 
 Mark W. Sopp 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 kbr-ex321x0927202410xq.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer of KBR, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that to his knowledge, on the date hereof 
 a) the Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 27, 2024, filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section l3(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Stuart J. B. Bradie 
 Stuart J. B. Bradie 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 kbr-ex322x0927202410xq.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of KBR, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that to his knowledge, on the date hereof 
 a) the Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 27, 2024, filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section l3(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Mark W. Sopp 
 Mark W. Sopp 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kbr-20240927.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 kbr-20240927_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kbr-20240927_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kbr-20240927_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kbr-20240927_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

