<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1031296_0001031296-24-000055.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14986741</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>607594</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2184304</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6006785</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3033572</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2697167</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001031296-24-000055.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029162808
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001031296-24-000055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRSTENERGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001031296
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				341843785
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-21011
		FILM NUMBER:		241406122

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		76 SOUTH MAIN ST
		CITY:			AKRON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44308-1890
		BUSINESS PHONE:		330-761-7837

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		76 SOUTH MAIN ST
		CITY:			AKRON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44308-1890

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001031296-24-000055.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 fe-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fe-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___________________ to ___________________ 
 
 Commission Registrant; State of Incorporation; I.R.S. Employer File Number Address; and Telephone Number Identification No. (An Corporation) Telephone 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 OUTSTANDING CLASS As of September 30, 2024 Common Stock, 0.10 par value 
 FirstEnergy Website and Other Social Media Sites and Applications 
 
 FirstEnergy s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports, and all other documents filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act are made available free of charge on or through the Investors page of FirstEnergy s website at www.firstenergycorp.com. These documents are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services and the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 
 These SEC filings are posted on FirstEnergy s website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Additionally, FirstEnergy routinely posts additional important information, including press releases, investor presentations, investor factbooks, regulatory activity updates, and notices of upcoming events under the Investors section of FirstEnergy s website and recognizes FirstEnergy s website as a channel of distribution to reach public investors and as a means of disclosing (including initially or exclusively) material non-public information for complying with disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Investors may be notified of postings to the website by signing up for email alerts and Rich Site Summary feeds on the Investors page of FirstEnergy s website. FirstEnergy also uses X (the social networking site formerly known as Twitter ), LinkedIn , YouTube and Facebook as additional channels of distribution to reach public investors and as a supplemental means of disclosing material non-public information for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Information contained on FirstEnergy s website, X (the social networking site formerly known as Twitter handle, LinkedIn profile, YouTube channel or Facebook page, and any corresponding applications of those sites, shall not be deemed incorporated into, or to be part of, this report. 

Forward-Looking Statements: This Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements based on information currently available to management. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These statements include declarations regarding management's intents, beliefs and current expectations. These statements typically contain, but are not limited to, the terms anticipate, potential, expect, "forecast," "target," "will," "intend," believe, "project," estimate," "plan" and similar words. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, which may include the following (see Glossary of Terms for definitions of capitalized terms): 
 
 The potential liabilities, increased costs and unanticipated developments resulting from government investigations and agreements, including those associated with compliance with or failure to comply with the DPA. 
 The risks and uncertainties associated with government investigations and audits regarding HB 6 and related matters, including potential adverse impacts on federal or state regulatory matters, including, but not limited to, matters relating to rates. 
 The risks and uncertainties associated with litigation, arbitration, mediation and similar proceedings, particularly regarding HB 6 related matters. 
 Changes in national and regional economic conditions, including recession, volatile interest rates, inflationary pressure, supply chain disruptions, higher fuel costs, and workforce impacts, affecting us and/or our customers and those vendors with which we do business. 
 Variations in weather, such as mild seasonal weather variations and severe weather conditions (including events caused, or exacerbated, by climate change, such as wildfires, hurricanes, flooding, droughts, high wind events and extreme heat events) and other natural disasters affecting future operating results and associated regulatory actions or outcomes in response to such conditions. 
 Legislative and regulatory developments, including, but not limited to, matters related to rates, energy regulatory policies, compliance and enforcement activity, cyber security and climate change. 
 The risks associated with physical attacks, such as acts of war, terrorism, sabotage or other acts of violence, and cyber-attacks and other disruptions to our, or our vendors , information technology system, which may compromise our operations, and data security breaches of sensitive data, intellectual property and proprietary or personally identifiable information. 
 The ability to meet our goals relating to EESG opportunities, improvements, and efficiencies, including our GHG reduction goals. 
 The ability to accomplish or realize anticipated benefits through establishing a culture of continuous improvement and our other strategic and financial goals, including, but not limited to, overcoming current uncertainties and challenges associated with the ongoing government investigations, executing Energize365 , our transmission and distribution investment plan, executing on our rate filing strategy, controlling costs, improving credit metrics, maintaining investment grade ratings and growing earnings. 
 Changing market conditions affecting the measurement of certain liabilities and the value of assets held in our pension trusts may negatively impact our forecasted growth rate, results of operations and may also cause us to make contributions to our pension sooner or in amounts that are larger than currently anticipated. 
 Mitigating exposure for remedial activities associated with retired and formerly owned electric generation assets, including those sites impacted by the legacy CCR rules that were finalized during 2024. 
 Changes to environmental laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, rules finalized by the EPA and the SEC related to climate change. 
 Changes in customers demand for power, including, but not limited to, economic conditions, the impact of climate change, emerging technology, particularly with respect to electrification, energy storage and distributed sources of generation. 
 The ability to access the public securities and other capital and credit markets in accordance with our financial plans, the cost of such capital and overall condition of the capital and credit markets affecting us, including the increasing number of financial institutions evaluating the impact of climate change on their investment decisions. 
 Future actions taken by credit rating agencies that could negatively affect either our access to or terms of financing or our financial condition and liquidity. 
 Changes in assumptions regarding factors such as economic conditions within our territories, the reliability of our transmission and distribution system, generation resource planning, or the availability of capital or other resources supporting identified transmission and distribution investment opportunities. 
 The potential of non-compliance with debt covenants in our credit facilities. 
 The ability to comply with applicable reliability standards and energy efficiency and peak demand reduction mandates. 
 Human capital management challenges, including among other things, attracting and retaining appropriately trained and qualified employees and labor disruptions by our unionized workforce. 
 Changes to significant accounting policies. 
 Any changes in tax laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, the IRA of 2022, or adverse tax audit results or rulings. 
 The risks and other factors discussed from time to time in our SEC filings. 
 
 Dividends declared from time to time on our common stock during any period may in the aggregate vary from prior periods due to circumstances considered by the FE Board at the time of the actual declarations. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy or hold securities and is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 

Forward-looking and other statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q regarding our Climate Strategy, including our GHG emission reduction goals, are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current and forward-looking statements regarding climate matters, including GHG emissions, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I. Financial Information Glossary of Terms 
 ii 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 FirstEnergy Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 83 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 83 
 Part II. Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 83 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 84 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 84 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 84 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 84 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 84 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 85 
 
 i 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 The following abbreviations and acronyms are used in this report to identify FirstEnergy Corp. and its current and former subsidiaries: 
 AE Supply Allegheny Energy Supply Company, LLC, an unregulated generation subsidiary of FE AGC Allegheny Generating Company, a generation subsidiary of MP ATSI American Transmission Systems, Incorporated, a transmission subsidiary of FET CEI The Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company, an Ohio electric power company subsidiary of FE Electric Companies OE, CEI, TE, FE PA, JCP L, MP and PE FE FirstEnergy Corp., a public electric power holding company FE PA FirstEnergy Pennsylvania Electric Company, a Pennsylvania electric power company subsidiary of FirstEnergy Pennsylvania Holding Company LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of FE FESC FirstEnergy Service Company, which provides legal, financial and other corporate support services FES Debtors Energy Harbor LLC (formerly known as FirstEnergy Solutions Corp.), a subsidiary of EH, and its subsidiaries as of March 31, 2018, and Energy Harbor Nuclear Corp. (formerly known as FirstEnergy Nuclear Operating Company), a subsidiary of EH, which operates EH s nuclear generating facilities. FET FirstEnergy Transmission, LLC a consolidated VIE of FE, and the parent company of ATSI, MAIT and TrAIL, and having a joint venture in PATH FEV FirstEnergy Ventures Corp., which invests in certain unregulated enterprises and business ventures FirstEnergy FirstEnergy Corp., together with its consolidated subsidiaries Global Holding Global Mining Holding Company, LLC, a joint venture between FEV, WMB Marketing Ventures, LLC and Pinesdale LLC JCP L Jersey Central Power Light Company, a New Jersey electric power company subsidiary of FE KATCo Keystone Appalachian Transmission Company, a transmission subsidiary of FE MAIT Mid-Atlantic Interstate Transmission, LLC, a transmission subsidiary of FET ME Metropolitan Edison Company, a former Pennsylvania electric power company subsidiary of FE, which merged with and into FE PA on January 1, 2024 MP Monongahela Power Company, a West Virginia electric power company subsidiary of FE OE Ohio Edison Company, an Ohio electric power company subsidiary of FE Ohio Companies CEI, OE and TE PATH Potomac-Appalachian Transmission Highline, LLC, a joint venture between FE and a subsidiary of AEP PATH-Allegheny PATH Allegheny Transmission Company, LLC PATH-WV PATH West Virginia Transmission Company, LLC PE The Potomac Edison Company, a Maryland and West Virginia electric power company subsidiary of FE Penn Pennsylvania Power Company, a former Pennsylvania electric power company subsidiary of OE, which merged with and into FE PA on January 1, 2024 Pennsylvania Companies ME, PN, Penn and WP, each of which merged with and into FE PA on January 1, 2024 PN Pennsylvania Electric Company, a former Pennsylvania electric power company subsidiary of FE, which merged with and into FE PA on January 1, 2024 Signal Peak Signal Peak Energy, LLC, an indirect subsidiary of Global Holding that owns mining operations near Roundup, Montana TE The Toledo Edison Company, an Ohio electric power company subsidiary of FE TrAIL Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line Company, a transmission subsidiary of FET Transmission Companies ATSI, KATCo, MAIT and TrAIL WP West Penn Power Company, a former Pennsylvania electric power company subsidiary of FE, which merged with and into FE PA on January 1, 2024 

ii 

The following abbreviations and acronyms may be used to identify frequently used terms in this report: 2021 Credit Facilities Collectively, the six separate senior unsecured five-year syndicated revolving credit facilities entered into by FE, the Electric Companies and the Transmission Companies, on October 18, 2021, as amended through October 20, 2023 2023 Credit Facilities Collectively, the FET Revolving Facility and KATCo Revolving Facility 2026 Convertible Notes FE s 4.00 convertible senior notes, due 2026 A R FET LLC Agreement Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of FET ACE Affordable Clean Energy AEP American Electric Power Company, Inc. AFS Available-for-sale AFSI Adjusted Financial Statement Income AFUDC Allowance for Funds Used During Construction AMI Advanced Metering Infrastructure AMT Alternative Minimum Tax AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ARO Asset Retirement Obligation ASU Accounting Standards Update BGS Basic Generation Service Brookfield North American Transmission Company II L.P., a controlled investment vehicle entity of Brookfield Infrastructure Partners Brookfield Guarantors Brookfield Super-Core Infrastructure Partners L.P., Brookfield Super-Core Infrastructure Partners (NUS) L.P., and Brookfield Super-Core Infrastructure Partners (ER) SCSp CAA Clean Air Act CCR Coal Combustion Residual CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 CFIUS Committee on Foreign Investments in the United States CFR Code of Federal Regulations CO 2 
 Carbon Dioxide CODM Chief Operating Decision Maker COVID-19 Coronavirus disease CPP EPA's Clean Power Plan CSAPR Cross-State Air Pollution Rule D.C. Circuit United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit DCR Delivery Capital Recovery DMR Distribution Modernization Rider DOE United States Department of Energy DPA Deferred Prosecution Agreement entered into on July 21, 2021 between FE and the U.S. Attorney s Office for the S.D. Ohio DSIC Distribution System Improvement Charge EDC Electric Distribution Company EE C Energy Efficiency and Conservation EESG Employee, Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance EGS Electric Generation Supplier EGU Electric Generation Unit EH Energy Harbor Corp. ELG Effluent Limitation Guideline EmPOWER Maryland EmPOWER Maryland Energy Efficiency Act ENEC Expanded Net Energy Cost Energize365 FirstEnergy's Transmission and Distribution Infrastructure Investment Program 
 iii 

EnergizeNJ JCP L's second Infrastructure Investment Program EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency EPS Earnings Per Share ESP Electric Security Plan Exchange Act Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FE Board FE Board of Directors FE Revolving Facility FE and the Electric Companies former five-year syndicated revolving credit facility, as amended, and replaced by the 2021 Credit Facilities on October 18, 2021 FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FET Board FET Board of Directors FET Equity Interest Sale Sale of an additional 30 equity interest in FET that closed on March 25, 2024, such that Brookfield s interest in FET increased from 19.9 to 49.9 FET P SA I Purchase and Sale Agreement entered into on November 6, 2021, by and between FE, FET, Brookfield and the Brookfield Guarantors 
 FET P SA II Purchase and Sale Agreement entered into on February 2, 2023, by and between FE, FET, Brookfield and the Brookfield Guarantors 
 FET Revolving Facility FET s five-year syndicated revolving credit facility, dated as of October 20, 2023 FIP Federal Implementation Plan(s) under the CAA Fitch Fitch Ratings Service FMB First Mortgage Bond FTR Financial Transmission Right GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America GHG Greenhouse Gas HB 6 House Bill 6, as passed by Ohio's 133rd General Assembly IRA of 2022 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRS Internal Revenue Service KATCo Revolving Facility KATCo s four-year syndicated revolving credit facility, dated as of October 20, 2023 LOC Letter of Credit LTIIP Long-Term Infrastructure Improvement Plan MDPSC Maryland Public Service Commission MGP Manufactured Gas Plants Moody s Moody s Investors Service, Inc. MW Megawatt MWh Megawatt-hour NCI Noncontrolling Interest N.D. Ohio Federal District Court, Northern District of Ohio NERC North American Electric Reliability Corporation NJBPU New Jersey Board of Public Utilities NOL Net Operating Loss NOx Nitrogen Oxide NYPSC New York State Public Service Commission OAG Ohio Attorney General OCC Ohio Consumers' Counsel ODSA Ohio Development Service Agency Ohio Stipulation Stipulation and Recommendation, dated November 1, 2021, entered into by and among the Ohio Companies, the OCC, PUCO Staff and several other signatories OOCIC Ohio Organized Crime Investigations Commission, which is composed of members of the Ohio law enforcement community and is chaired by the OAG OPEB Other Post-Employment Benefits OPIC Other Paid-In Capital OVEC Ohio Valley Electric Corporation 
 iv 

PA Consolidation Consolidation of the Pennsylvania Companies, effective January 1, 2024 PEER FirstEnergy s Program for Enhanced Employee Retirement PJM PJM Interconnection, LLC, an RTO PJM Tariff PJM Open Access Transmission Tariff PPA Purchase Power Agreement PPUC Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission PUCO Public Utilities Commission of Ohio Regulation FD Regulation Fair Disclosure promulgated by the SEC RFC Reliability First Corporation 
 ROE Return on Equity RTO Regional Transmission Organization S.D. Ohio Federal District Court, Southern District of Ohio SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEET Significantly Excessive Earnings Test SIP State Implementation Plan(s) under the CAA SLC Special Litigation Committee of the FE Board SO 2 
 Sulfur Dioxide SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOS Standard Offer Service SPE Special Purpose Entity S P Standard Poor s Ratings Service Tax Act Tax Cuts and Jobs Act adopted December 22, 2017 U.S. United States U.S.C. United States Code VIE Variable Interest Entity VSCC Virginia State Corporation Commission WVPSC Public Service Commission of West Virginia 
 v 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM I. Financial Statements 

FIRSTENERGY CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 REVENUES: Distribution services and retail generation Transmission Other Total revenues (1) 
 OPERATING EXPENSES: Fuel Purchased power Other operating expenses Provision for depreciation Deferral of regulatory assets, net ) ) ) ) General taxes Total operating expenses OPERATING INCOME OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): Debt redemption costs (Note 6) 
 ) ) Equity method investment earnings (Note 1) 
 Miscellaneous income, net Pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment (Note 4) 
 Interest expense ) ) ) ) Capitalized financing costs Total other expense ) ) ) ) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAXES INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS Discontinued operations (Note 1) (2) 
 ) ) NET INCOME Income attributable to noncontrolling interest EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO FIRSTENERGY CORP. AMOUNTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO FIRSTENERGY CORP.: Earnings from continuing operations Earnings from discontinued operations ) ) EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO FIRSTENERGY CORP. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO FIRSTENERGY CORP. (Note 3): 
 Basic - continuing operations Basic - discontinued operations ) ) Basic Diluted - continuing operations Diluted - discontinued operations ) ) Diluted WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: Basic Diluted 
 (1) million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 1 

FIRSTENERGY CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET INCOME OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS): Pension and OPEB prior service credits ) ) Amortized losses on derivative hedges Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Income taxes (benefits) on other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Income attributable to noncontrolling interest COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO FIRSTENERGY CORP. 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 2 

FIRSTENERGY CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In millions, except share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Receivables- Customers Less Allowance for uncollectible customer receivables Other, net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of in 2024 and in 2023 
 Materials and supplies, at average cost Prepaid taxes and other PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT: In service Less Accumulated provision for depreciation Construction work in progress INVESTMENTS AND OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS: Goodwill Investments (Note 6) 
 Regulatory assets Other TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Currently payable long-term debt Short-term borrowings Accounts payable Accrued interest Accrued taxes Accrued compensation and benefits Customer deposits Dividends payable Other NONCURRENT LIABILITIES: Long-term debt and other long-term obligations Accumulated deferred income taxes Retirement benefits Regulatory liabilities Other TOTAL LIABILITIES EQUITY: Common stockholders equity- Common stock, par value, authorized shares - and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Other paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) ) Total common stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest TOTAL EQUITY COMMITMENTS, GUARANTEES AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 10) 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 3 

FIRSTENERGY CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common stock 
 OPIC AOCI Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) Total Common Stockholders Equity NCI Total Equity (In millions) Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2024 ) ) Net income Stock Investment Plan and share-based benefit plans Cash dividends declared on common stock per share in March) 
 ) ) ) ) FET Equity Interest Sale (Note 1) Noncontrolling interest distributions declared ) ) Balance, March 31, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock Investment Plan and share-based benefit plans Noncontrolling interest distributions declared ) ) Other ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Stock Investment Plan and share-based benefit plans Cash dividends declared on common stock per share in July and September) 
 ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest distributions declared ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 4 

FIRSTENERGY CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 . 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common stock OPIC AOCI Accumulated deficit Total Common Stockholders Equity NCI Total Equity (In millions) Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Stock Investment Plan and share-based benefit plans Cash dividends declared on common stock per share in March) 
 ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest distributions declared ) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Stock Investment Plan and share-based benefit plans Noncontrolling interest distributions declared ) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Stock Investment Plan and share-based benefit plans Cash dividends declared on common stock per share in July and per share in September) 
 ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest distributions declared ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 

The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 5 

FIRSTENERGY CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities- Depreciation, amortization and impairments Charges associated with increase in ARO Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits, net Employee benefit costs, net ) ) Pension trust contribution ) Pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment ) Transmission revenue collections, net ) Loss on disposal, net of tax (Note 1) Changes in current assets and liabilities- Receivables ) ) Materials and supplies ) ) Prepaid taxes and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued taxes ) ) Accrued interest ) Accrued compensation and benefits ) ) Other current liabilities ) Collateral, net ) Employee benefit plan funding and related payments ) ) Other ) Net cash provided from operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital investments ) ) Sales of investment securities held in trusts Purchases of investment securities held in trusts ) ) Asset removal costs ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: New financing- Long-term debt Short-term borrowings, net Redemptions and repayments- Long-term debt ) ) Short-term borrowings, net ) Proceeds from FET Equity Interest Sale (Note 1) Noncontrolling interest cash distributions ) ) Common stock dividend payments ) ) Debt issuance and redemption costs, and other ) ) Net cash provided from financing activities Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Significant non-cash transactions: Accrued capital investments 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 6 

FIRSTENERGY CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Note 
 Number 
 Page 
 Number 
 1 
 Organization and Basis of Presentation 
 8 
 2 
 Revenue 
 12 
 3 
 Earnings Per Share 
 13 
 4 
 Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefits 
 14 
 5 
 Income Taxes 
 16 
 6 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 17 
 7 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 20 
 8 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 22 
 9 Regulatory Matters 
 23 
 10 Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 
 31 
 11 Segment Information 
 37 

7 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 
 million customers in the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic regions. FirstEnergy s transmission operations include more than miles of lines and regional transmission operation centers. As of September 30, 2024, AGC and MP control MWs of net maximum generation capacity. 

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. During the first quarter of 2024, FirstEnergy s segment reporting structure was modified to increase transparency for leadership and investors, simplify the 
 
 8 

of the issued and outstanding membership interests of FET. On February 2, 2023, FE, along with FET, entered into the FET P SA II with Brookfield and the Brookfield Guarantors, pursuant to which FE agreed to sell to Brookfield at the closing, and Brookfield agreed to purchase from FE, an incremental equity interest in FET for a purchase price of billion. The FET Equity Interest Sale closed on March 25, 2024 and FET continues to be consolidated in FirstEnergy s financial statements. The purchase price was paid in part by the issuance of promissory notes at closing having an aggregate principal amount of billion with: (i) one promissory note having an aggregate principal amount of million, at an interest rate of per annum, with a maturity date of September 25, 2025 and (ii) one promissory note having an aggregate principal amount of million, at an interest rate of per annum, with a maturity date of December 31, 2024. The remaining billion of the purchase price was paid in cash at closing. On July 17, 2024, Brookfield paid FE approximately billion in full satisfaction of the promissory notes . Interest income associated with the promissory notes was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and is reported within Miscellaneous income, net on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Statements of Income. As a result of the consummation of the transaction, Brookfield s interest in FET increased from to , while FE retained the remaining ownership interests of FET. The difference between the purchase price, net of transaction costs and deferred taxes of approximately million and million, respectively, and the carrying value of the NCI of million, was recorded as an increase to OPIC by billion during the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the FET P SA II, in connection with the closing, Brookfield, FET and FE entered into the A R FET LLC Agreement, which amended and restated in its entirety the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of FET. The A R FET LLC Agreement, among other things, provides for the governance, exit, capital and distribution, and other arrangements for FET from and following the closing. Under the A R FET LLC Agreement, as of the closing, the FET Board consists of five directors, two of whom are appointed by Brookfield and three of whom are appointed by FE. 
 Capitalized Financing Costs 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, capitalized financing costs on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Statements of Income include million and million, respectively, of allowance for equity funds used during construction and million and million, respectively, of capitalized interest. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, capitalized financing costs on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Statements of Income include million and million, respectively, of allowance for equity funds used during construction and million and million, respectively, of capitalized interest. 
 million tax-effected charge to income tax expense related to the allocation of certain deferred income tax liabilities associated with the FES Debtors and their tax return deconsolidation in 2020. Discontinued operations are reflected at Corporate/Other for segment reporting and within Discontinued Operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income and Loss on disposal, net of tax on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow. 
 
 9 

Equity method investments, which are included within "Investments" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, were approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Global Holding - FEV currently holds a 33-1/3 equity ownership in Global Holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the Signal Peak mining and coal transportation operations with coal sales primarily focused on international markets. FEV is not the primary beneficiary of the joint venture, as it does not have control over the significant activities affecting the joint venture s economic performance. FEV's ownership interest is subject to the equity method of accounting. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, pre-tax income related to FEV s ownership in Global Holding was million and million, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. FEV s pre-tax equity earnings and investment in Global Holding are included in Corporate/Other for segment reporting. 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the equity method investment was million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, FEV received cash dividends from Global Holding of million and million, respectively, which were classified with Cash from Operating Activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 PATH WV - PATH, a proposed transmission line from West Virginia through Virginia into Maryland, which PJM cancelled in 2012, is a series limited liability company that is comprised of multiple series, each of which has separate rights, powers and duties regarding specified property and the series profits and losses associated with such property. A subsidiary of FE owns of the Allegheny Series (PATH-Allegheny) and of the West Virginia Series (PATH-WV), which is a joint venture with a subsidiary of AEP. FirstEnergy is not the primary beneficiary of PATH-WV, as it does not have control over the significant activities affecting the economics of PATH-WV. FirstEnergy's ownership interest in PATH-WV is subject to the equity method of accounting. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the equity method investment was million. 
 
 Facility Optimization 
 
 FirstEnergy continues implementing its facility optimization plans, which are focused on cost savings and alignment with our flexible working arrangements and EESG priorities. This will result in exiting the general office in Akron, Ohio, and other corporate facilities in Brecksville, Ohio, Greensburg, Pennsylvania, and Morristown, New Jersey. In December 2023, FirstEnergy purchased the general office building with the intention to sell in the future. During the third quarter of 2024, the Akron general office building was classified as held-for-sale. Upon classification as held-for-sale, FirstEnergy recognized a million pre-tax impairment charge within Other operating expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Of the million, million is included with Integrated, million is included within Distribution, million is included within Stand-Alone Transmission and million at Corporate/Other for segment reporting. The remaining carrying value of the held-for-sale asset is immaterial, and therefore has not been presented separately on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The corporate headquarters will remain in Akron, Ohio, moving to FirstEnergy s campus located in west Akron, Ohio, and FirstEnergy continues to explore real estate options and relocation opportunities for the other corporate facilities. As FirstEnergy continues to transform the business and implement initiatives to reduce costs, including the facility optimization plan, the impact of such actions may result in future impairments or other charges that may be significant. The aim of these combined efforts will be to help build a stronger, more sustainable company for the near and long term. 

10 

11 

2. 
 
 Commercial Industrial Other Wholesale Other revenue from contracts with customers Total revenues from contracts with customers Other revenue unrelated to contracts with customers Total Distribution Integrated Retail generation and distribution services Residential Commercial Industrial Other Wholesale Transmission Other revenue from contracts with customers Total revenues from contracts with customers Other revenue unrelated to contracts with customers Total Integrated Stand-Alone Transmission ATSI TrAIL MAIT KATCo Other ) Total revenues from contracts with customers Other revenue unrelated to contracts with customers Total Stand-Alone Transmission Corporate/Other, Eliminations and Reconciling Adjustments Wholesale Eliminations and reconciling adjustments ) ) ) ) Total Corporate/Other, Eliminations and Reconciling Adjustments ) ) ) ) FirstEnergy Total Revenues 

12 

Unbilled Less: Uncollectible Reserve Total Customer Receivables 

Provision for expected credit losses (1) 
 Charged to other accounts (2) 
 Write-offs ) Balance, December 31, 2023 Provision for expected credit losses (1) 
 Charged to other accounts (2) 
 Write-offs ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) Approximately million and ) million of which was deferred for future recovery (refund) in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Represents recoveries and reinstatements of accounts written off for uncollectible accounts. 

3. 

13 

Earnings attributable to FE - discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Earnings attributable to FE Share count information: Weighted average number of basic shares outstanding Assumed exercise of dilutive awards Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding EPS attributable to FE: Basic - continuing operations Basic - discontinued operations ) ) Basic EPS Diluted - continuing operations Diluted - discontinued operations ) ) Diluted EPS 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, shares from awards were excluded from the calculation of diluted shares outstanding, as their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 
 
 per share. 
 
 4. 
 million voluntary cash contribution to the qualified pension plan, which was funded by FE. FirstEnergy does not currently expect to have a required contribution to the pension plan until 2028, which based on various assumptions, including an expected rate of return on assets of , is expected to be approximately million. However, FirstEnergy may elect to contribute to the pension plan voluntarily. 
 FirstEnergy recognizes a pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment for the change in fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for remeasurement. The size of the voluntary contribution made on May 12, 2023, in relation to total pension assets triggered a remeasurement of the pension plan, and as a result, FirstEnergy recognized a non-cash, pre-tax pension mark-to-market adjustment gain of approximately million in the second quarter of 2023. The pension mark-to-market adjustment primarily reflected higher than expected return on assets, partially offset by a basis points decrease in the discount rate used to measure benefit obligations. 
 
 14 

Interest costs Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service costs (credits) ) Special termination benefits (1) 
 Net periodic benefit costs (credits) ) Net periodic benefit costs (credits), net of amounts capitalized ) ) ) 
 (1) Related to benefits provided in connection with the PEER program. 
 
 Components of Net Periodic Benefit Costs (Credits) Pension OPEB For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In millions) Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) (1) 
 ) ) Special termination benefits (2) 
 Pensions OPEB mark-to-market adjustment ) Net periodic benefit costs (credits) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit costs (credits), net of amounts capitalized ) ) ) ) 
 (1) The income tax benefits associated with the pension and OPEB prior service costs amortized out of AOCI were million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Amounts were immaterial for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Related to benefits provided in connection with the PEER program. 
 
 Service costs, net of capitalization, are reported within Other operating expenses on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Statements of Income. Non-service costs, other than the pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment, which is separately shown, are reported within Miscellaneous income, net , within Other Income (Expense) on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Cash flows from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, includes approximately million and million, respectively, of employee benefit plan funding and related payments. These payments are primarily related to short-term benefit payment liabilities owed to retirees under plan obligations in the respective periods. 
 
 15 

5. 

Federal income tax expense at statutory rate (21 Increases (reductions) in tax expense resulting from: State and municipal income taxes, net of federal tax benefit AFUDC equity and other flow-through ) ) ) ) Deductions associated with certain equity method investments ) ) Deferred taxes related to sale of equity interest in FET, net Excess deferred tax amortization due to the Tax Act ) ) ) Federal tax credits claimed ) ) Nondeductible SEC and OOCIC settlements Remeasurement of excess deferred taxes ) ) Uncertain tax positions Valuation allowances ) ) ) Other, net ) Total income taxes Effective income tax rate 
 
 The IRA of 2022, among other things, imposes a new 15 corporate AMT based on AFSI applicable to corporations with a three-year average AFSI over billion. The AMT is effective for the 2023 tax year and, if applicable, corporations must pay the greater of the regular corporate income tax or the AMT. The IRA of 2022 requires the U.S. Treasury to provide regulations and other guidance necessary to administer the AMT, including further defining allowable adjustments to determine AFSI, which directly impacts the amount of AMT to be paid. On September 12, 2024, the U.S. Treasury issued proposed regulations for the AMT for comment. The U.S. Treasury will issue final regulations after it has reviewed comments and held a public hearing on the proposed regulations, which is not expected to occur until next year. Although FirstEnergy is assessing the proposed regulations, it continues to believe that it is more likely than not that it will be subject to AMT going forward, however, the completion of the U.S. Treasury s rulemaking process and the future issuance of final regulations could significantly change FirstEnergy s AMT estimates or its conclusion as to whether it is an AMT payer at all. Additionally, the regulatory treatment of the impacts of this legislation may also be subject to regulation by FERC and/or applicable state regulatory authorities. Any adverse development in this legislation, including guidance from the U.S. Treasury and/or the IRS or unfavorable regulatory treatment, could negatively impact FirstEnergy s cash flows, results of operations, and financial condition. As further discussed below, FirstEnergy expects to pay regular federal corporate income tax in 2024, due in large part to the gain realized from closing the FET Equity Interest Sale. 
 
 As discussed above, on March 25, 2024, FirstEnergy closed on the FET Equity Interest Sale, realizing an approximate billion tax gain from the combined sale of of the membership interests in FET for the consideration received and recapture of negative tax basis in FET. In the first quarter of 2024, FirstEnergy recognized a net tax charge of approximately million, comprised of updates to estimated deferred tax liability for the deferred gain from the sale of FET in May 2022, deferred tax liability related to its ongoing investment in FET, and valuation allowance associated with the expected utilization of certain state NOL carryforwards impacted by the sale and the PA Consolidation. During the first quarter of 2024, FirstEnergy also recognized a reduction to OPIC of approximately million for federal and state income tax associated with the tax gain from closing on the FET Equity Interest Sale. As of December 31, 2023, FirstEnergy had approximately billion of gross federal NOL carryforwards that will be used to offset a majority of the tax gain from the FET Equity Interest Sale and expected taxable income in 2024, however, due to certain limitations on NOL utilization enacted in the Tax Act, FirstEnergy expects that a portion of the NOL will carry into 2025 and possibly beyond. As a result of the FET Equity Interest Sale, FET and its subsidiaries deconsolidated from FirstEnergy s consolidated federal income tax group and now constitute their own consolidated federal income tax group subject to their own income tax allocation agreement. 

16 

6. 

FirstEnergy primarily applies the market approach for recurring fair value measurements using the best information available. Accordingly, FirstEnergy maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. There were no changes in valuation methodologies used as of September 30, 2024, from those used as of December 31, 2023. The determination of the fair value measures takes into consideration various factors, including but not limited to, nonperformance risk, counterparty credit risk and the impact of credit enhancements (such as cash deposits, LOCs and priority interests). The impact of these forms of risk was not significant to the fair value measurements. 

17 

Equity securities U.S. state and municipal debt securities Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (2) 
 Other (3) 
 Total assets Liabilities Derivative liabilities FTRs (1) 
 Total liabilities Net assets 
 (1) Contracts are subject to regulatory accounting treatment and changes in market values do not impact earnings. 
 (2) Restricted cash of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, primarily relates to cash collected from MP, PE and the Ohio Companies customers that is specifically used to service debt of their respective securitization or funding companies. 
 (3) Primarily consists of short-term investments. 

Spent Nuclear Fuel Disposal Trusts 
 
 JCP L holds debt securities within the spent nuclear fuel disposal trust, which are classified as AFS securities, recognized at fair market value. The trust is intended for funding spent nuclear fuel disposal fees to the DOE associated with the previously owned Oyster Creek and Three Mile Island Unit 1 nuclear power plants. 
 
 ) ) 
 (1) Excludes short-term cash investments of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Excludes short-term cash investments of million December 31, 2023. 

18 

Realized gains Realized losses ) ) ) Interest and dividend income 
 
 Other Investments 
 
 Other investments include employee benefit trusts, which are primarily invested in corporate-owned life insurance policies, and equity method investments. Earnings and losses associated with corporate-owned life insurance policies are reflected in Miscellaneous income, net on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Statements of Income. The total carrying value of other investments were million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are excluded from the amounts reported above. See Note 1, "Organization and Basis of Presentation," for additional information on FirstEnergy's equity method investments. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, pre-tax income (loss) related to corporate-owned life insurance policies was million and ) million, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Corporate-owned life insurance policies are valued using the cash surrender value and any changes in value during the period are recognized as income or expense. 

Fair value 
 
 The fair values of long-term debt and other long-term obligations reflect the present value of the cash outflows relating to those securities based on the current call price, the yield to maturity or the yield to call, as deemed appropriate at the end of each respective period. The yields assumed were based on securities with similar characteristics offered by corporations with credit ratings similar to those of FirstEnergy. FirstEnergy classified short-term borrowings, long-term debt and other long-term obligations as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. 

19 

2031 FE redeemed all of its remaining million of 2031 Notes, including a premium of approximately million million after-tax). In addition, FE recognized approximately million million after-tax) of deferred cash flow hedge losses and million in other unamortized debt costs and fees associated with the FE debt redemptions. 
 JCP L Unsecured Notes April, 2024 2024 JCP L redeemed unsecured notes that became due. MP FMBs April, 2024 2024 MP redeemed FMBs that became due. CEI FMBs August, 2024 2024 CEI redeemed FMBs that became due. Issuances ATSI Unsecured Notes March, 2024 2034 Proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. MAIT Unsecured Notes May, 2024 2034 Proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. FET Unsecured Notes with registration rights September, 2024 2030 Proceeds were or will be used to repay short-term borrowings, to redeem FET's million notes due 2025, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. 
 FET Unsecured Notes with registration rights September, 2024 2035 Proceeds were or will be used to repay short-term borrowings, to redeem FET's million notes due 2025, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. 

On September 3, 2024, KATCo priced million of senior notes due 2035 at 5.17 , which will be issued and funded on November 20, 2024. 
 
 As noted above, on September 5, 2024, FET issued million of unsecured senior notes due in 2030 and 2035 in a private offering that included a registration rights agreement in which FET agreed to conduct an exchange offer of these senior notes for like principal amounts registered with the SEC. FET also agreed to file a shelf registration statement with the SEC to cover resales of the senior notes under certain circumstances. In the event FET's exchange offer is not completed or the shelf registration statement, if required, is not effective by the 366th day after September 5, 2024, or the effective shelf registration stops being effective for days during any 12-month period, then additional interest will accrue on the coupon. Interest will accrue at a rate of basis points for the first 90 days and an additional basis points in the subsequent 90-day period, but not to exceed basis points per year. However, if the additional interest is triggered, the interest rate will reset to the original notes rate once the registration statement is effective, or the shelf registration, if required, becomes effective. FET filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC on October 8, 2024. 

7. 
 
 billion and billion of consolidated VIE assets, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, that can only be used to settle the liabilities of the applicable VIE. Total liabilities include approximately billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of consolidated VIE liabilities for which the VIE's creditors do not have recourse to FirstEnergy. 

20 

million of pass-through trust certificates supported by phase-in recovery bonds to securitize the recovery of certain all-electric customer heating discounts, fuel and purchased power regulatory assets. The phase-in recovery bonds are payable only from, and secured by, phase in recovery property owned by the SPEs. The bondholder has no recourse to the general credit of FirstEnergy or any of the Ohio Companies. Each of the Ohio Companies, as servicer of its respective SPE, manages and administers the phase in recovery property including the billing, collection and remittance of usage-based charges payable by retail electric customers. The SPEs are considered VIEs and each one is consolidated into its applicable electric company. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million of the phase-in recovery bonds were outstanding, respectively. 
 
 MP and PE Environmental Funding Companies - The consolidated financial statements of FirstEnergy include environmental control bonds issued by bankruptcy remote, special purpose limited liability companies that are indirect subsidiaries of MP and PE. Proceeds from the bonds were used to construct environmental control facilities. Principal and interest owed on the environmental control bonds is secured by, and payable solely from, the proceeds of the environmental control charges. Creditors of FirstEnergy, other than the limited liability company SPEs, have no recourse to any assets or revenues of the special purpose limited liability companies. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million of environmental control bonds were outstanding, respectively. 
 
 Cash of million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 collected from MP, PE and the Ohio Companies' customers that is specifically used to service debt of their respective funding companies is included in Restricted cash on the FirstEnergy Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 FET 
 
 FET is a holding company that owns equity interests in ATSI, MAIT, TrAIL and PATH. As further discussed above, on February 2, 2023, FE entered into an agreement with Brookfield to sell an incremental equity interest in FET, which closed on March 25, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, FE s equity ownership in FET is and Brookfield s is . FirstEnergy has concluded that FET is a VIE and that FE is the primary beneficiary because FE has exposure to the economics of FET and the power to direct significant activities of FET through the FESC services agreement, which represents a separate variable interest. 
 
 Although Brookfield was granted incremental consent rights upon the closing of the FET Equity Interest Sale, Brookfield will not have unilateral control over any activities that most significantly impact FET s economic performance. However, FE will continue to retain power over the activities that most significantly impact FET s economic performance through its incremental decision making rights under the existing FESC services agreement, through which executive management and workforce services are provided to FET. As a result, FE is the primary beneficiary of FET, which will continue to be consolidated in FirstEnergy s financial statements. 
 
 The following shows the carrying amounts and classification of the FET assets and liabilities included in the consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Amounts exclude intercompany balances which were eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Receivables Materials and supplies, at average cost Prepaid taxes and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Investments Regulatory assets Other Total noncurrent assets TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 21 

Short-term borrowings Accounts payable Accrued interest Accrued taxes Other Total current liabilities Long-term debt and other long-term obligations Accumulated deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Other Total noncurrent liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
 Unconsolidated VIEs 
 
 FirstEnergy is not the primary beneficiary of its equity method investments in Global Holding and PATH WV, as further discussed above, or its PPAs. 
 
 FirstEnergy evaluated its PPAs and determined that certain Non-Utility Generation entities may be VIEs to the extent that they own a plant that sells substantially all of its output to the applicable utilities and the contract price for power is correlated with the plant s variable costs of production. As of September 30, 2024, FirstEnergy maintains long-term PPAs with Non-Utility Generation entities that were entered into pursuant to the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978. FirstEnergy was not involved in the creation of, and has no equity or debt invested in, any of these entities. FirstEnergy has determined that, it does not have a variable interest, or the entities do not meet the criteria to be considered a VIE. 

8. 

22 

Changes in timing and amount of estimated cash flows Liabilities settled ) Accretion Balance, December 31, 2023 Changes in timing and amount of estimated cash flows Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) Accretion Balance, September 30, 2024 

On November 30, 2020, AE Supply submitted a closure deadline extension request to the EPA seeking to extend the cease accepting waste date for the McElroy's Run CCR impoundment facility to October 2024, which request was withdrawn by AE Supply on July 9, 2024, prior to the completion of the technical review by the EPA. As of May 31, 2024, AE Supply ceased accepting waste at the McElroy s Run CCR impoundment facility from Pleasants Power Station. As of September 30, 2024, AE Supply continues to operate the dry landfill adjacent to McElroy s Run as a disposal facility for Pleasants Power Station. AE Supply continues to evaluate closure options for McElroy s Run and the adjacent landfill, including the potential transfer of the site and remediation obligations to a third-party as well as other interpretation changes to its closure plans. As a result, during the second quarter of 2024, AE Supply reviewed its ARO and future expected costs to remediate McElroy s Run and the adjacent dry landfill, resulting in an increase to the ARO liability and corresponding increase to Other operating expense of million at Corporate/Other for segment reporting. Final acceptance of the closure plan or the transfer of the obligation to a third-party could result in further adjustments to the ARO recognized by FirstEnergy. 
 
 As further discussed below, on May 8, 2024, the EPA finalized changes to the CCR rule addressing certain legacy CCR disposal sites which were not included in previous CCR rules. During the second quarter of 2024, FirstEnergy performed a preliminary assessment of former CCR disposal sites and calculated an initial estimate applying historical experience in remediating comparable sites. As a result, FirstEnergy recorded a million increase to its ARO, of which million is included in Other operating expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income and was not capitalized as an asset retirement cost since the associated plants do not have future cash flows. Of the million, million is included with Integrated, million is included within Distribution and million at Corporate/Other for segment reporting. During the third quarter of 2024, FirstEnergy determined that an additional site became applicable under the CCR rules, which resulted in a million increase to the ARO, with a corresponding increase to the asset retirement cost. 

9. 

23 

24 

25 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

10. 

31 

million, consisting of parental guarantees on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries million) and other assurances million). 
 COLLATERAL AND CONTINGENT-RELATED FEATURES 
 
 In the normal course of business, FE and its subsidiaries may enter into physical or financially settled contracts for the sale and purchase of electric capacity, energy, fuel and emission allowances. Certain agreements contain provisions that require FE or its subsidiaries to post collateral. This collateral may be posted in the form of cash or credit support with thresholds contingent upon FE s or its subsidiaries credit rating from each of the major credit rating agencies. The collateral and credit support requirements vary by contract and by counterparty. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, million of collateral, mainly in the form of LOCs, has been posted by FE or its subsidiaries. FE or its subsidiaries are holding 35 million of net cash collateral as of September 30, 2024, from certain generation suppliers, and such amount is included in Other current liabilities on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Surety bonds (collateralized amount) (1) 
 Total Exposure from Contractual Obligations 
 (1) Surety Bonds are not tied to a credit rating. Surety Bonds impact assumes maximum contractual obligations, which is ordinarily of the face amount of the surety bond except with respect to million of surety bond obligations for which the collateral obligation is capped at of the face amount, and typical obligations require days to cure. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 
 Various federal, state and local authorities regulate FirstEnergy with regard to air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal, and other environmental matters. While FirstEnergy s environmental policies and procedures are designed to achieve compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, such laws and regulations are subject to periodic review and potential revision by the implementing agencies. FirstEnergy cannot predict the timing or ultimate outcome of any of these reviews or how any future actions taken as a result thereof may materially impact its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Clean Air Act 
 
 FirstEnergy complies with SO 2 and NOx emission reduction requirements under the CAA and SIP by burning lower-sulfur fuel, utilizing combustion controls and post-combustion controls and/or using emission allowances. 
 
 CSAPR requires reductions of NOx and SO 2 emissions in two phases (2015 and 2017), ultimately capping SO 2 emissions in affected states to 2.4 million tons annually and NOx emissions to 1.2 million tons annually. CSAPR allows trading of NOx and SO 2 emission allowances between power plants located in the same state and interstate trading of NOx and SO 2 emission allowances with some restrictions. On July 28, 2015, the D.C. Circuit ordered the EPA to reconsider the CSAPR caps on NOx and SO 2 emissions from power plants in 13 states, including West Virginia. This followed the 2014 U.S. Supreme Court ruling generally upholding the EPA s regulatory approach under CSAPR but questioning whether the EPA required upwind states to reduce emissions by more than their contribution to air pollution in downwind states. The EPA issued a CSAPR Update on September 7, 2016, reducing summertime NOx emissions from power plants in 22 states in the eastern U.S., including West Virginia, beginning in 2017. Various states and other stakeholders appealed the CSAPR Update to the D.C. Circuit in November and December 2016. On September 13, 2019, the D.C. Circuit remanded the CSAPR Update to the EPA citing that the rule did not eliminate upwind states significant contributions to downwind states air quality attainment requirements within applicable attainment deadlines. 
 
 Also in March 2018, the State of New York filed a CAA Section 126 petition with the EPA alleging that NOx emissions from nine states (including West Virginia) significantly contribute to New York s inability to attain the ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards. The petition sought suitable emission rate limits for large stationary sources that are allegedly affecting New York s air quality within the three years allowed by CAA Section 126. On September 20, 2019, the EPA denied New York s CAA Section 126 petition. On October 29, 2019, the State of New York appealed the denial of its petition to the D.C. Circuit. On July 14, 2020, the D.C. Circuit reversed and remanded the New York petition to the EPA for further consideration. On March 15, 2021, the EPA 
 
 32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

11. 

37 

million customers in Ohio and Pennsylvania across its distribution footprint and purchases power for its provider of last resort, SOS, standard service offer and default service requirements. The segment s results reflect the costs of securing and delivering electric generation to customers, including the deferral and amortization of certain costs. 
 
 The Integrated segment includes the distribution and transmission operations under JCP L, MP and PE, as well as MP s regulated generation operations, representing 8.7 billion in 2023 rate base. The Integrated segment distributes electricity to approximately two million customers in New Jersey, West Virginia and Maryland across its distribution footprint; provides transmission infrastructure in New Jersey, West Virginia, Maryland and Virginia to transmit electricity and operates MWs of regulated net maximum generation capacity located primarily in West Virginia and Virginia. The segment will also include MP and PE s 50 MWs of solar generation at five sites in West Virginia once complete. The first two solar generation sites were completed and placed in-service in January and September 2024, representing 24 MWs of net maximum generation capacity. Construction of the remaining three sites is expected to be completed no later than the end of 2025. The remaining three sites are expected to provide 26 MWs of net maximum generation capacity. 
 
 The Stand-Alone Transmission segment, which consists of FE's ownership in FET and KATCo, representing 7.7 billion in 2023 rate base, includes transmission infrastructure owned and operated by the Transmission Companies and used to transmit electricity. The segment s revenues are primarily derived from forward-looking formula rates, pursuant to which the revenue requirement is updated annually based on a projected rate base and projected costs, which is subject to an annual true-up based on actual rate base and costs. The segment s results also reflect the net transmission expenses related to the delivery of electricity on FirstEnergy s transmission facilities. KATCo, which was a subsidiary of FET, became a wholly owned subsidiary of FE prior to the closing of the FET P SA I and remains in the Stand-Alone Transmission segment. On January 1, 2024, WP transferred certain of its Pennsylvania-based transmission assets to KATCo and for comparability, prior year results in the Stand-Alone Transmission segment reflects the earnings and results of those WP transmission assets. 
 Corporate/Other reflects corporate support and other costs not charged or attributable to the Electric Companies or Transmission Companies, including FE s retained pension and OPEB assets and liabilities of former subsidiaries, interest expense on FE s holding company debt and other investments or businesses that do not constitute an operating segment, including FEV s investment of 33-1/3 equity ownership in Global Holding. Reconciling adjustments for the elimination of inter-segment transactions are shown separately in the following table of Segment Financial Information. Also included in Corporate/Other for segment reporting is MWs of net maximum generation capacity, representing AE Supply s OVEC capacity entitlement. As of September 30, 2024, Corporate/Other had approximately billion of FE s holding company debt. 
 
 38 

Internal revenues ) Total revenues ) Depreciation Amortization (deferral) of regulatory assets, net ) ) ) Equity method investment earnings Interest expense ) Income taxes (benefits) ) Earnings (losses) attributable to FE from continuing operations ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital investments September 30, 2023 External revenues Internal revenues ) Total revenues ) Depreciation Amortization (deferral) of regulatory assets, net ) ) ) ) Equity method investment earnings Interest expense ) Income taxes (benefits) ) Earnings attributable to FE from continuing operations Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital investments For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 External revenues Internal revenues ) Total revenues ) Depreciation Amortization (deferral) of regulatory assets, net ) ) ) ) Equity method investment earnings Interest expense ) Income taxes (benefits) ) Earnings (losses) attributable to FE from continuing operations ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital investments September 30, 2023 External revenues Internal revenues ) Total revenues ) Depreciation Amortization (deferral) of regulatory assets, net ) ) ) ) 
 
 39 

Interest expense ) Income taxes (benefits) ) Earnings (losses) attributable to FE from continuing operations ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital investments As of September 30, 2024 Total assets ) Total goodwill (1) 
 As of December 31, 2023 Total assets ) Total goodwill (1) 
 
 (1) In accordance with GAAP, the modification to the segments in the first quarter of 2024, as discussed above, resulted in a transfer of goodwill between the segments based on the relative fair value of the reporting units, and as such, the segment goodwill balances do not necessarily represent the goodwill balances of the specific legal entities within the segments. 
 
 40 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

FIRSTENERGY CORP. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 FirstEnergy is dedicated to integrity, safety, reliability and operational excellence and is principally involved in the transmission, distribution and generation of electricity through its reportable segments: Distribution, Integrated and Stand-Alone Transmission. Its electric distribution companies form one of the nation's largest investor-owned electric systems, serving over six million customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, West Virginia, Maryland and New York. FirstEnergy s transmission subsidiaries operate more than 24,000 miles of transmission lines that connect the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic regions and two regional transmission operation centers. AGC and MP control 3,604 MWs of net maximum generation capacity. 
 
 PA Consolidation 
 
 On January 1, 2024, FirstEnergy consolidated the Pennsylvania Companies into FE PA, including OE subsidiary Penn, rendering FE PA a new, single operating entity and the successor-in-interest to all assets and liabilities of the Pennsylvania Companies. As of January 1, 2024, FE PA is FE s only regulated distribution power company in Pennsylvania encompassing the operations previously conducted individually by the Pennsylvania Companies. FE PA serves an area with a population of approximately 4.5 million and operates under the rate districts of the former Pennsylvania Companies. FirstEnergy continues to evaluate the legal, financial, operational and branding benefits of consolidating the Ohio Companies into a single Ohio power company. 
 
 Also on January 1, 2024, WP transferred certain of its Pennsylvania-based transmission assets to KATCo, and PN and ME contributed their respective Class B equity interests of MAIT to FE, which were ultimately contributed to FET in exchange for a special purpose membership interest in FET. So long as FE holds the FET special purpose membership interests, it will receive 100 of any Class B distributions made by MAIT. 
 
 Segment Change 
 
 During the first quarter of 2024, FirstEnergy s segment reporting structure was modified to increase transparency for leadership and investors, simplify the presentation to corresponding legal entities, and align FirstEnergy s earnings, cash flows and balance sheets at the business unit level. FirstEnergy s reportable segments are as follows: 
 
 The Distribution segment, which consists of the Ohio Companies and FE PA, representing 10.9 billion in 2023 rate base, distributes electricity through FirstEnergy s electric operating companies in Ohio and Pennsylvania. The Distribution segment serves approximately 4.2 million customers in Ohio and Pennsylvania across its distribution footprint and purchases power for its provider of last resort, SOS, standard service offer and default service requirements. The segment s results reflect the costs of securing and delivering electric generation to customers, including the deferral and amortization of certain costs. 
 
 The Integrated segment includes the distribution and transmission operations under JCP L, MP and PE, as well as MP s regulated generation operations, representing 8.7 billion in 2023 rate base. The Integrated segment distributes electricity to approximately two million customers in New Jersey, West Virginia and Maryland across its distribution footprint; provides transmission infrastructure in New Jersey, West Virginia, Maryland and Virginia to transmit electricity and operates 3,604 MWs of regulated net maximum generation capacity located primarily in West Virginia and Virginia. The segment will also include MP and PE s 50 MWs of solar generation at five sites in West Virginia once complete. The first two solar generation sites were completed and placed in-service in January and September 2024, representing 24 MWs of net maximum generation capacity. Construction of the remaining three sites is expected to be completed no later than the end of 2025. The remaining three sites are expected to provide 26 MWs of net maximum generation capacity. 
 The Stand-Alone Transmission segment, which consists of FE's ownership in FET and KATCo, representing 7.7 billion in 2023 rate base, includes transmission infrastructure owned and operated by the Transmission Companies and used to transmit electricity. The segment s revenues are primarily derived from forward-looking formula rates, pursuant to which the revenue requirement is updated annually based on a projected rate base and projected costs, which is subject to an annual true-up based on actual rate base and costs. The segment s results also reflect the net transmission expenses related to the delivery of electricity on FirstEnergy s transmission facilities. 
 Corporate/Other reflects corporate support and other costs not charged or attributable to the Electric Companies or Transmission Companies, including FE s retained pension and OPEB assets and liabilities of former subsidiaries, interest expense on FE s holding company debt and other investments or businesses that do not constitute an operating segment, including FEV s investment of 33-1/3 equity ownership in Global Holding. Additionally, reconciling adjustments for the elimination of inter-segment transactions are included in Corporate/Other. Also included in Corporate/Other for segment reporting 
 
 41 

is 67 MWs of net maximum generation capacity, representing AE Supply s OVEC capacity entitlement. As of September 30, 2024, Corporate/Other had approximately 6.1 billion of FE s holding company debt. 
 
 FirstEnergy believes that this segment reporting serves to provide: 
 Greater transparency into our business unit performance; 
 Alignment with our cash flow, credit metrics, balance sheet and earnings to the companies comprising each segment; 
 Simplification of our segment reporting so that each entire entity resides within a segment; and 
 Consistency with peers. 
 FET Equity Interest Sale 
 On February 2, 2023, FE, along with FET, entered into the FET P SA II with Brookfield and the Brookfield Guarantors, pursuant to which FE agreed to sell to Brookfield at the closing, and Brookfield agreed to purchase from FE, an incremental 30 equity interest in FET for a purchase price of 3.5 billion. The FET Equity Interest Sale closed on March 25, 2024 and FET continues to be consolidated in FirstEnergy s financial statements. The purchase price was paid in part by the issuance of two promissory notes at closing having an aggregate principal amount of 1.2 billion with: (i) one promissory note having an aggregate principal amount of 750 million, at an interest rate of 5.75 per annum, with a maturity date of September 25, 2025 and (ii) one promissory note having an aggregate principal amount of 450 million, at an interest rate of 7.75 per annum, with a maturity date of December 31, 2024. The remaining 2.3 billion of the purchase price was paid in cash at closing. On July 17, 2024, Brookfield paid FE approximately 1.2 billion in full satisfaction of the promissory notes . Interest income associated with the promissory notes was 24 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and is reported within Miscellaneous income, net on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Statements of Income. As a result of the consummation of the transaction, Brookfield s interest in FET increased from 19.9 to 49.9 , while FE retained the remaining 50.1 ownership interests of FET. 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 
 On May 8, 2024, the EPA finalized changes to the CCR regulations addressing inactive surface impoundments at inactive electric utilities, known as legacy CCR surface impoundments. The rule extends 2015 CCR rule requirements for groundwater monitoring and protection procedures, operational and reporting procedures as well as closure requirements for impoundments and landfills that were not originally included for coverage by the 2015 CCR rule. In anticipation of such expenditures, FirstEnergy performed a preliminary assessment of former CCR disposal sites and calculated an initial estimate applying historical experience in remediating comparable sites. As a result, FirstEnergy recorded a 125 million increase to its ARO during the second quarter of 2024, of which 120 million is included in Other operating expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income and was not capitalized as an asset retirement cost since the associated plants do not have future cash flows. During the third quarter of 2024, FirstEnergy determined that an additional site became applicable under the CCR rules, which resulted in a 25 million increase to the ARO, with a corresponding increase to the asset retirement cost. 
 
 In addition, on November 30, 2020, AE Supply submitted a closure deadline extension request to the EPA seeking to extend the cease accepting waste date for the McElroy's Run CCR impoundment facility to October 2024, which request was withdrawn by AE Supply on July 9, 2024, prior to the completion of the technical review by the EPA. As of May 31, 2024, AE Supply ceased accepting waste at the McElroy s Run CCR impoundment facility from Pleasants Power Station. As of September 30, 2024, AE Supply continues to operate the dry landfill adjacent to McElroy s Run as a disposal facility for Pleasants Power Station. AE Supply continues to evaluate closure options for McElroy s Run, including the potential transfer of the site and remediation obligations to a third-party, as well as other interpretation changes to its closure plans. As a result, during the second quarter of 2024, AE Supply reviewed its ARO and future expected costs to remediate McElroy s Run and the adjacent dry landfill, resulting in an increase to the ARO liability and corresponding increase to Other Operating expense of 87 million, which is further described above in Note 8, Asset Retirement Obligations. 

Our Strategy 
 
 Powered by its employees and guided by its experienced leadership team and engaged FE Board, FirstEnergy is accelerating its transformation into a premier electric company. The FE Board and FirstEnergy s executive management team are aligned behind a business model grounded in investing, operating, recovering costs and financing our regulated electric company operations. This business model aims to create a virtuous cycle that in turn serves to improve reliability and the customer experience, grow rate base, engage employees, improve returns and maintain a strong balance sheet. Along with an unwavering commitment to ethics and integrity, performance excellence and continuous improvement, FirstEnergy anticipates that strong execution of this model will help achieve its strategic objectives and deliver value to its investors. 
 
 With a diversified asset mix, improved balance sheet and a strong affordability position, FirstEnergy is well positioned to significantly enhance the customer experience and provide value to its investors. 
 
 Invest 
 
 FirstEnergy invests in its regulated operations to improve reliability and the customer experience, and in its people to attract, retain and develop talented, diverse and engaged employees to carry out its mission. It aims to do so through Energize365. 

42 

A robust plan for customer-focused growth, Energize365 is the centerpiece of FirstEnergy s regulated distribution and transmission capital investment strategy that aims to utilize all investments to support our EESG and strategic priorities including clean energy, improving grid reliability and resiliency, and supports the clean energy transition. Through the Energize365 program, FirstEnergy expects to spend approximately 26 billion in system-wide capital investments from 2024 through 2028. FirstEnergy expects that these investments will comprise the Distribution segment (29 ), the Integrated segment (39 ), and the Stand-Alone Transmission segment (32 ), focusing on the following: 
 
 Energy Transition: FirstEnergy expects to make Distribution and Transmission investments in order to support improvements in grid reliability and resiliency and support interconnection of renewable sources, including through: 
 Clean Energy: West Virginia solar generation, energy efficiency, electric vehicle infrastructure and energy storage; 
 Grid Modernization: Programs to drive system resiliency through automation technology and communication, including Ohio's phases one and two of the Ohio Companies distribution grid modernization plans, Pennsylvania's LTIIP, New Jersey's EnergizeNJ, and implementing advanced metering infrastructure. 
 Transmission: 
 Operational Flexibility Projects that build capacity and support the evolving grid such as interconnection of New Jersey offshore wind and data center load; 
 Enhance system performance by implementing new designs and technologies to reduce load at risk; and 
 Upgrade system conditions that enhance reliability. 
 
 Infrastructure Renewal: Base distribution projects to address aging infrastructure. 
 
 Generation Maintenance: Projects to maintain operations of fossil fuel plants and remain compliant with environmental regulations through the end of their useful life. 
 
 FirstEnergy believes there is a continued long-term pipeline of investment opportunities for its existing distribution and transmission infrastructure beyond those identified through 2028, which are expected to strengthen grid and cyber security and make the transmission system more reliable, robust, secure and resistant to extreme weather events, with improved operational flexibility. 
 
 On July 26, 2024, FE, Virginia Electric and Power Company, a subsidiary of Dominion Energy, Inc. and Transource Energy, LLC, a subsidiary of American Electric Power, Inc. entered into a joint proposal agreement in connection with PJM s Regional Transmission Expansion Plan Open Window 1 process in September 2024. Pursuant to such joint proposal agreement, FE (through the subsidiaries of FET), Virginia Electric and Power Company and Transource Energy, LLC jointly proposed certain regional electric transmission projects for PJM's consideration during the Open Window process. PJM is expected to approve selected projects in the first quarter of 2025. 
 
 Revitalizing its leadership team. During the second quarter of 2024, FirstEnergy appointed four executives to oversee the Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Transmission operations. FirstEnergy anticipates naming an executive to oversee its combined West Virginia and Maryland operations in the near term. FirstEnergy continues to make progress in filling several key executive positions in an organization that will be structured to allow greater execution at the business unit level. 
 
 Operate 
 
 FirstEnergy will continue to engage its skilled, trained, talented and diverse team of employees to effectively implement its investment plans, seek opportunities for continuous improvement as it delivers safe, reliable and affordable electricity to our customers, and deliver value to its investors. It aims to do so through the following: 
 
 Enhancing the focus on the customer. FirstEnergy is shifting more decision-making and accountability for our operations closer to our customers, regulators and employees doing the work. FirstEnergy s new operating structure is organized by: Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, West Virginia/Maryland and FirstEnergy s standalone Transmission properties. This structure will foster better execution at the business unit level. 
 
 Embracing a continuous improvement mindset. FirstEnergy faced numerous financial headwinds in 2023, including weather and the impact of market conditions on its pension plan. Through a determined effort by its employees, FirstEnergy focused on the things within its control: managing costs, enhancing the customer experience and seeking opportunities for continuous improvement. 
 
 Recover 
 
 FirstEnergy is working to establish a track record of strong execution. Operating effectively leads to strong, predictable results and enhances credibility with our stakeholders. In turn, FirstEnergy builds supportive relationships with regulators, customers and intervenors in an effort to drive positive rate outcomes that support recovery of its investments. 
 
 43 

In order to achieve important regulatory milestones, FirstEnergy has an active regulatory calendar to support its regulated growth strategy and address the critical investments that support reliability and a smarter and cleaner electric grid. This includes the following: 
 
 On January 13, 2023, MP and PE filed a request with the WVPSC seeking approval of new depreciation rates for existing and future capital assets. On August 22, 2023, the parties filed a unanimous settlement of the case recommending a 33 million annual increase in depreciation expense, effective April 1, 2024, but deferred issues related to a change in the net energy metering credit. An order was issued on March 26, 2024 approving the settlement without modification. 
 
 On March 16, 2023, JCP L filed a base rate case in New Jersey, requesting a 185 million increase in base distribution revenues to support investments to strengthen the energy grid, enhance the customer experience and provide assistance to low-income and senior citizen customers. February 1, 2024, JCP L, joined by various parties, filed a stipulated settlement with the NJBPU resolving JCP L s request for a distribution base rate increase. The settlement, which was approved by the NJBPU on February 14, 2024, provides for an 85 million annual base distribution revenue increase for JCP L, which became effective for customers on June 1, 2024. 
 
 On April 5, 2023, the Ohio Companies sought approval from the PUCO for its ESP V. The proposed plan would maintain an eight-year term beginning June 1, 2024, and seeks to continue riders recovering costs associated with distribution infrastructure investments and approved grid modernization investments. ESP V additionally proposes new riders that would support reliability, and includes provisions supporting affordability and enhancing the customer experience. On May 15, 2024, the PUCO issued an order approving ESP V with modifications, which are described below in Outlook - State Regulation - Ohio . On June 14, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed an Application for Rehearing, which was denied by operation of law as the PUCO did not rule on the applications for rehearing within 30 days of filing. Due to the risks and uncertainty resulting from the Ohio Companies application for rehearing being denied by operation of law, on October 29, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed a notice of their intent to withdraw ESP V and proposed the terms under which they would resume operating under ESP IV. The Ohio Companies application is subject to PUCO review and approval. The Ohio Companies expect to file an application with the PUCO for ESP VI by early next year in an effort to align with the ongoing base distribution rate case proceedings. 
 
 On December 1, 2023, JCP L filed a petition with the NJBPU requesting approval of its EE C Plan II, which covers the January 1, 2025 through June 30, 2027 period and has a proposed budget of approximately 964 million. Public hearings were held on June 11, 2024, and the parties are currently engaged in settlement discussions. On July 1, 2024, the NJBPU suspended the procedural schedule. A final NJBPU decision and order was required no later than October 15, 2024, however, the parties submitted a stipulation to extend this deadline to October 31, 2024, which was approved on October 15, 2024. On October 18, 2024, the parties entered into and filed with the NJBPU a stipulation of settlement, wherein the parties agreed to a budget of 816.9 million for EE C Plan II, including 784 million of investments that will earn a return on equity of 9.6 , with an equity ratio of 52 , and be recovered over 10 years. The NJBPU is expected to address this matter at its October 30, 2024 meeting. 
 
 On November 9, 2023, JCP L filed a petition for approval of its EnergizeNJ with the NJBPU that would, among other things, support grid modernization, system resiliency and substation modernization in technologies designed to provide enhanced customer benefits. On February 14, 2024, the NJBPU approved the stipulated settlement between JCP L and various parties, resolving JCP L s request for a distribution base rate increase. On February 27, 2024, as part of the stipulated settlement, JCP L amended its pending EnergizeNJ petition following receipt of NJBPU approval of the base rate case settlement, to remove the high-priority circuits that are to be addressed in the first phase of its reliability improvement plan and to include the second phase of its reliability improvement plan that is expected to further address certain high-priority circuits that require additional upgrades. EnergizeNJ, if approved as amended, will result in the investment of approximately 930.5 million of total estimated costs over five years. JCP L and various parties are engaged in settlement discussions with respect to the pending EnergizeNJ petition. 
 
 On April 2, 2024, FE PA filed a base rate case with the PPUC seeking a net increase in base distribution revenues of approximately 502 million with a return on equity of 11.3 and capital structure of 46.2 debt and 53.8 equity, and reflects a roll-in of several current riders such as DSIC, Tax Act, and smart meter. Additionally, FE PA requests an enhanced ten year vegetation management program and recovery of certain incurred costs, including the impact of major storms, COVID-19, a program to convert streetlights to LEDs, and others. On September 13, 2024, FE PA and the active parties to the proceeding filed a joint settlement agreement requesting that the administrative law judges to approve FE PA s requested distribution base rate case increase subject to the terms and conditions of the settlement, which includes, among other things, an annual net revenue increase of 225 million. Other key components of the settlement agreement includes recovery of costs incurred for storms and COVID-19, additional cost recovery of ongoing storm costs, inspection and maintenance of overhead lines and transformers, and rate case expenses, as well as an enhanced vegetation management program. On October 15, 2024, the administrative law judges issued a decision recommending that the PPUC approve, without modification, the September 13, 2024 settlement agreement. The settlement agreement is pending PPUC approval. A PPUC decision is expected in December 2024, with new rates becoming effective in January 2025. 
 
 44 

On July 22, 2024, FE PA filed its application with the PPUC seeking approval for the next phase of its LTIIP program, which is expected to result in approximately 1.6 billion in investments, with approximately 1.4 billion of such investments going in service during the five-year period beginning January 1, 2025 and ending December 31, 2029. 
 
 On April 12, 2024, the Ohio Companies and certain of the parties filed a stipulation that modified the Ohio Companies application for phase two of its grid modernization plan. The stipulation, which is subject to PUCO approval, provides for the deployment of smart meters to the balance of the Ohio Companies customers or approximately 1.4 million meters. Phase two of the distribution grid modernization plan, as modified by the stipulation would be completed over a four-year budget period with estimated capital investments of approximately 421 million. Evidentiary hearings began on June 5, 2024 and concluded on July 2, 2024. 
 
 On May 31, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed their application for an increase in base distribution rates, based on a 2024 calendar year test period ending May 31, 2024. The Ohio Companies requested a net increase in base distribution revenues of approximately 94 million with a return on equity of 10.8 and capital structures of 44 debt and 56 equity for CEI, 46 debt and 54 equity for OE, and 45 debt and 55 equity for TE, and reflects a roll-in of current riders such as DCR and AMI. The net increase represents a 1.5 average residential monthly bill increase. Key components of the base rate case filing include a proposal to change pension and OPEB recovery to the delayed recognition method and to implement a mechanism to establish a regulatory asset (or liability) to recover (or refund) net differences between the amount of pension and OPEB expense requested in the proceeding and the actual annual amount each year using this method. Additionally, the Ohio Companies request recovery of certain incurred costs, including the impact of major storms, a program to convert streetlights to LEDs, and others. On June 14, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed supporting testimony and expect by the end of October 2024 to file an update with an adjusted net increase of base distribution revenues and incorporating matters in the rate case as directed by the PUCO s ESP V order. The Ohio Companies would expect to update their application for an increase in base distribution rates after the PUCO issues its order with respect to the Ohio Companies withdrawal of ESP V. 
 
 Finance 
 
 With sound capital allocation, enhanced reliability and better regulatory outcomes, FirstEnergy represents a compelling investment and expects to finance the business at a lower cost of capital, allowing it to begin the virtuous cycle all over again at Invest. 
 
 FirstEnergy aims to do this through a strengthened financial position. Since 2021, FirstEnergy has raised 7 billion in equity capital and issued 1.5 billion in convertible notes in May 2023 to significantly improve its balance sheet. The strength of FirstEnergy s balance sheet supports its plan to fund Energize365 investments through organic internal cash flows and electric company debt rather than incremental equity. FirstEnergy has also de-levered risk associated with its pension plan and optimized its financing plan to retain flexibility in an uncertain interest rate environment. 
 
 FirstEnergy also expects to continue returning value to shareholders. In March 2024, the FE Board declared a 0.015 per share increase to the quarterly common stock dividend payable June 1, 2024, to 0.425 per share, which represents an approximate 6 increase compared to dividends declared in 2023. Modest dividend growth is expected to enable enhanced shareholder returns, while still allowing for continued substantial regulated investments. Dividend payments are subject to declaration by the FE Board, and future dividend decisions determined by the FE Board may be impacted by earnings growth, credit metrics and other business conditions. 
 
 Climate Strategy 
 
 Our commitment to climate is a significant component of our company s overarching strategy, especially our desire to help enable the transition to a clean energy future. Executing our Climate Strategy requires addressing, among other things: emerging federal and state decarbonization goals; physical risks of climate change; industry trends and technology advancements; and customer expectations for cleaner energy, increased usage control, and more sustainable alternatives in transportation, manufacturing and industrial processes. Through our investment plan, we aim to enhance the resiliency, reliability and security of the electric system and support the integration of renewables, electric vehicles, grid modernization improvements and other emerging technologies. 
 
 As part of our Climate Strategy, we are committed to addressing company-wide emissions within our direct operational control, also known as Scope 1 emissions, across our transmission, distribution and regulated generation operations. With the climate, our business, and our stakeholders in mind, our Climate Strategy is two-fold: 
 
 Reduce our company s Scope 1 GHG emissions and achieve carbon neutrality by 2050; and 
 Support broader GHG reductions in our region by helping to enable the energy transition to a low-carbon future. 
 
 Currently, emissions from our West Virginia power stations Fort Martin and Harrison serve as the primary source of our Scope 1 emissions representing approximately 99 of our overall GHG emissions as of December 31, 2023 and greatly outnumber the emissions from our transmission and distribution operations. We have publicly stated through various filings with 
 
 45 

the WVPSC that the end of useful life date is 2035 for Fort Martin and 2040 for Harrison. These dates are based on our assessment of when it is projected to no longer be cost effective and beneficial to customers to make the capital investments needed to keep these facilities operating effectively and in compliance with evolving environmental regulations, and are subject to our ongoing evaluation of finalized EPA rules relating to CCR regulations that are discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. In 2025, FirstEnergy plans to submit an Integrated Resource Plan to the WVPSC that will include our analysis of market conditions and identify how we believe we can best fulfill our obligation to supply our generation customers with reliable and cost-effective energy through 2040 (a requirement every five years in the state of West Virginia). 
 
 In the near-term, we continue our focus on GHG reduction in our transmission and distribution businesses. These emissions are within our control, pervasive in every state across our footprint, and aligned with our long-term, forward-looking transmission and distribution strategy to enable the energy transition. 
 
 In addition to moving beyond our two coal-fired West Virginia power stations, key steps in working toward carbon neutrality by 2050 include: 
 
 Reducing sulfur hexafluoride emissions: We are working to repair or replace, as appropriate, transmission breakers that leak sulfur hexafluoride, which is a gas commonly used by energy companies as an electrical insulating material and arc extinguisher in high-voltage circuit breakers and switchgear. If escaped to the atmosphere, it acts as a potent GHG with a global warming potential significantly greater than CO 2 ; and 
 
 Electrifying our vehicle fleet: We are targeting 30 electrification of our light-duty and aerial truck fleet by 2030 and 100 electrification by 2050. To reach our electrification goal, we are striving for 100 electric or hybrid vehicle purchases for our light-duty and aerial truck fleet moving forward. 
 
 Determination of the useful life of the regulated coal-fired generating facilities could result in changes in depreciation, and/or continued collection of net plant in rates after retirement, securitization, sale, impairment or regulatory disallowances. If MP is unable to recover these costs, it could have a material adverse effect on FirstEnergy s and/or MP s financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 
 HB 6 and Related Investigations 
 
 On July 21, 2021, FE entered into a three-year DPA with the U.S. Attorney s Office that, subject to court proceedings, resolves the U.S. Attorney s Office investigation into FirstEnergy relating to FirstEnergy s lobbying and governmental affairs activities concerning HB 6 related to the federal criminal allegations made in July 2020, against former Ohio House Speaker Larry Householder and other individuals and entities allegedly affiliated with Mr. Householder. Among other things under the DPA, FE paid a 230 million monetary penalty in 2021 and agreed to the filing of a criminal information charging FE with one count of conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud. The 230 million payment will neither be recovered in rates or charged to FirstEnergy customers, nor will FirstEnergy seek any tax deduction related to such payment. As of July 21, 2024, FirstEnergy has successfully completed the obligations required within the three-year term of the DPA. Under the DPA, FirstEnergy has an obligation to continue (i) publishing quarterly a list of all payments to 501(c)(4) entities and all payments to entities known by FirstEnergy operating for the benefit of a public official, either directly or indirectly; (ii) not making any statements that contradict the DPA; (iii) notifying the U.S. Attorney s Office of any changes in FirstEnergy s corporate form; and (iv) cooperating with the U.S. Attorney s Office until the conclusion of any related investigation, criminal prosecution, and civil proceeding brought by the U.S. Attorney s Office. Within 30 days of those matters concluding, and FirstEnergy s successful completion of its remaining obligations, the U.S. Attorney s Office will dismiss the criminal information. 
 
 On February 9, 2022, FE, acting through the SLC, agreed to a settlement term sheet to resolve multiple shareholder derivative lawsuits that were filed in the S.D. Ohio, the N.D. Ohio, and the Ohio Court of Common Pleas, Summit County, each relating to the allegations against the now former Ohio House Speaker Larry Householder and other individuals and entities allegedly affiliated with Mr. Householder. On March 11, 2022, the parties executed a stipulation and agreement of settlement, and filed a motion the same day requesting preliminary settlement approval in the S.D. Ohio, which was granted on May 9, 2022. On August 23, 2022, the S.D. Ohio granted final approval of the settlement, which was subsequently appealed. On February 16, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit affirmed the district court s final settlement approval. All appeal options were exhausted on May 16, 2024, and the judgment and settlement became final, resolving the derivative lawsuits. On May 17, 2024, the N.D. Ohio granted the parties motion to dismiss based upon the approval of the settlement by the S.D. Ohio. The state court action was also dismissed on September 2, 2022. 
 
 The above settlement included a series of corporate governance enhancements and a payment to FE of 180 million, less approximately 36 million in court-ordered attorney s fees awarded to plaintiffs, and a 7 million net return on deposited funds, which was received in the second quarter of 2024. The judgment and settlement are final and, therefore, the derivative lawsuits are now fully resolved. 

46 

On August 10, 2020, the SEC, through its Division of Enforcement, issued an order directing an investigation of possible securities laws violations by FE, and on September 1, 2020, issued subpoenas to FE and certain FE officers relating to the conduct described in the DPA. On April 28, 2021, July 11, 2022, and May 25, 2023, the SEC issued additional subpoenas to FE, with which FE has complied. FirstEnergy cooperated fully with the SEC investigation, and on September 12, 2024, the SEC issued a settlement order that concluded and resolved the investigation in its entirety. Under the terms of the settlement, FE agreed to pay a civil penalty of 100 million and to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of specified provisions of the federal securities laws and rules promulgated thereunder. The civil penalty was paid on September 25, 2024. FE previously recognized a loss contingency of 100 million in the second quarter of 2024 at Corporate/Other for segment reporting. 
 
 On June 29, 2023, the OOCIC served FE a subpoena, seeking information relating to the conduct described in the DPA. FirstEnergy was not aware of the OOCIC s investigation prior to receiving the subpoena and understood that the OOCIC s investigation was also focused on the conduct described in the DPA, other than with respect to the March 25, 2024, felony indictment of Mr. Householder brought in Cuyahoga County, Ohio. FirstEnergy is cooperating with the OOCIC in its investigation. On February 12, 2024, and in connection with the OOCIC s ongoing investigation, an indictment by a grand jury of Summit County, Ohio was unsealed against the now-deceased, former chairman of the PUCO, and two former FirstEnergy senior officers, Charles E. Jones, and Michael J. Dowling, charging each of them with several felony counts, including bribery, telecommunications fraud, money laundering and aggravated theft, related to payments described in the DPA. On August 12, 2024, FirstEnergy entered into a settlement with the OOCIC, the Ohio Attorney General s Office, and the Summit County Prosecutor s Office to resolve both the investigation and State of Ohio ex rel. Dave Yost, Ohio Attorney General v. FirstEnergy Corp., et al. and City of Cincinnati and City of Columbus v. FirstEnergy Corp., noted below. The settlement includes, among other things, a non-prosecution agreement and a payment of 19.5 million, which was recorded as a loss contingency in the second quarter of 2024 in FirstEnergy s Consolidated Statements of Income at Corporate/Other for segment reporting. The civil penalty was paid on August 16, 2024. 
 
 FirstEnergy has taken numerous steps to address challenges posed by the HB 6 investigations and improve its compliance culture, including the refreshment of the FE Board, the hiring of key senior executives committed to supporting transparency and integrity, and strengthening and enhancing FirstEnergy s compliance culture through several initiatives; however, the outcomes of the unresolved HB 6 investigations and state regulatory audits remain unknown. 
 
 Despite the many disruptions FirstEnergy has faced, and continues to currently face, the leadership team remains committed and focused on executing its strategy and running the business. See Outlook - Other Legal Proceedings below for additional details on the government investigations, the DPA, and ongoing litigation surrounding the investigation of HB 6. See also Outlook - State Regulation - Ohio below for details on the PUCO proceeding reviewing political and charitable spending and legislative activity in response to the investigation of HB 6. The outcome of the government investigations, PUCO proceedings, legislative activity, and any of these lawsuits is uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on FirstEnergy s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 47 

FIRSTENERGY S CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Third Quarter of 2024 Compared with Third Quarter of 2023 
 (In millions) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Revenues 3,729 3,487 242 7 Operating expenses (3,002) (2,821) 181 6 Other expenses, net (167) (196) (29) (15) Income taxes (94) (29) 65 224 Income attributable to noncontrolling interest (47) (20) 27 135 Earnings attributable to FE from continuing operations 419 421 (2) 

Earnings attributable to FE from continuing operations was 419 million or 0.73 per share (basic and diluted) in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 421 million or 0.74 per basic share 0.73 diluted) in the third quarter of 2023, representing a decrease of 2 million that was primarily due to the following: 
 
 An impairment charge related to the Akron general office in 2024; 
 Lower revenues associated with changes to the Ohio DCR as a result of the PUCO s ESP V order that became effective June 1, 2024; 
 The dilutive effect of the FET Equity Interest Sale that closed in March 2024; 
 Higher non-deferred storm restoration expenses and planned vegetation management costs; 
 Lower investment earnings related to FEV s equity method investment in Global Holding; and 
 A higher effective tax rate due to the absence of discrete tax benefits related to the reduction in state income taxes and release of a valuation allowance recognized in 2023, partially offset by discrete tax benefits associated with certain equity method investments and remeasurement of excess deferred income taxes in 2024. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by the following: 
 Higher customer demand and usage as a result of the weather; 
 Lower labor and benefits expenses, including those associated with the PEER program and separation-related costs; 
 The implementation of base rate cases in Maryland, New Jersey, and West Virginia; 
 Increased earnings as a result of regulated investment programs that increased rate base; 
 Lower interest expense primarily due to the redemption of certain FE long-term debt and lower short-term borrowings; and 
 Higher interest income related to the FET Equity Interest Sale promissory notes. 
 
 Detailed segment reporting explanations are included below. 
 
 Distribution services by customer class are summarized in the following table: 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) Actual Weather-Adjusted Electric Distribution MWh Deliveries (1) 
 2024 2023 Increase 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Residential 15,415 14,954 3.1 15,078 15,293 (1.4) Commercial (2) 
 10,680 10,471 2.0 10,563 10,559 Industrial 13,630 13,345 2.1 13,630 13,345 2.1 Total Electric Distribution MWh Deliveries 39,725 38,770 2.5 39,271 39,197 0.2 
 (1) Reflects the reclassification of certain Pennsylvania customers from Industrial to Commercial. Due to the January 2024 consolidation of the Pennsylvania Companies, certain customers are required to be classified as Commercial effective June 1, 2024. The MWh deliveries prior to the effective date have been adjusted for comparability. 
 (2) Includes street lighting. 
 
 Residential and commercial distribution deliveries were impacted by higher customer usage as a result of the weather. Cooling degree days in the third quarter of 2024 were 15 above the same period of 2023 and 7 above normal. 
 
 48 

First Nine Months of 2024 Compared with First Nine Months of 2023 
 (In millions) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Revenues 10,296 9,724 572 6 Operating expenses (8,534) (8,026) 508 6 Other expenses, net (637) (500) 137 27 Income taxes (294) (193) 101 52 Income attributable to noncontrolling interest (114) (57) 57 100 Earnings attributable to FE from continuing operations 717 948 (231) (24) 
 
 Earnings attributable to FE from continuing operations was 717 million or 1.25 per basic share 1.24 diluted) in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 948 million or 1.66 per basic share 1.65 diluted) in the first nine months of 2023, representing a decrease of 231 million that was primarily due to the following: 
 
 Charges related to changes in ARO liabilities associated with final CCR rules and changes in future expected costs to remediate McElroy s Run; 
 A civil penalty resulting from the SEC investigation and a settlement with the OOCIC investigations as further discussed below in Outlook - Other Legal Proceedings 
 An impairment charge related to the Akron general office in the third quarter of 2024; 
 Lower revenues associated with changes to the Ohio DCR as a result of the PUCO s ESP V order that became effective June 1, 2024; 
 Higher non-deferred storm restoration expenses and planned vegetation management costs; 
 Lower investment earnings related to FEV s equity method investment in Global Holding; 
 The absence of the pension mark-to-market adjustment in the second quarter of 2023; 
 The dilutive effect of the FET Equity Interest Sale that closed in March 2024; 
 Higher non-recoverable charges, including abandoned transmission projects; 
 Higher debt redemption costs; 
 Higher interest expense on long-term debt and short-term borrowings, partially offset by the redemption of certain FE long-term debt and higher capitalized financing costs; and 
 A higher effective tax rate due to lower net discrete income tax benefits as a result of tax charges related to the PA Consolidation and FET Equity Interest Sale in the first quarter of 2024, and the absence of a reduction in state income taxes and release of a valuation allowance recognized in the third quarter of 2023, partially offset by discrete tax benefits associated with certain equity method investments and remeasurement of excess deferred income taxes in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 These were partially offset by the following: 
 Net proceeds from the shareholder derivative lawsuit settlement, as described below in Outlook - Other Legal Proceedings 
 The implementation of base rate case settlements in Maryland, New Jersey and West Virginia; 
 Higher weather-related customer usage and demand; 
 Increased earnings as a result of regulated investment programs that increased rate base; 
 Higher interest income related to the FET Equity Interest Sale promissory notes; 
 The absence of expenses associated with the cancellation of sponsorship agreements in 2023; and 
 Lower labor and benefits expenses, including those associated with the PEER program and separation-related costs. 
 
 Detailed segment reporting explanations are included below. 

49 

Distribution services by customer class are summarized in the following table: 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) Actual Weather-Adjusted Electric Distribution MWh Deliveries (1) 
 2024 2023 Increase 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Residential 42,038 39,730 5.8 42,478 42,786 (0.7) Commercial (2) 
 29,706 28,888 2.8 29,926 29,947 (0.1) Industrial 40,090 39,118 2.5 40,090 39,118 2.5 Total Electric Distribution MWh Deliveries 111,834 107,736 3.8 112,494 111,851 0.6 
 (1) Reflects the reclassification of certain Pennsylvania customers from Industrial to Commercial. Due to the January 2024 consolidation of the Pennsylvania Companies, certain customers are required to be classified as Commercial effective June 1, 2024. The MWh deliveries prior to the effective date have been adjusted for comparability. 
 (2) Includes street lighting. 
 
 Residential and commercial distribution deliveries were impacted by higher customer usage as a result of the weather. Cooling degree days in the first nine months of 2024 were 38 above the same period of 2023 and 16 above normal. Heating degree days in the first nine months of 2024 were 1 below the same period of 2023 and 17 below normal. 
 
 The financial results discussed below in Segment Results of Operations include revenues and expenses from transactions among FirstEnergy s business segments. A reconciliation of segment financial results is provided in Note 11, Segment Information, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

50 

Summary of Results of Operations Third Quarter 2024 Compared with Third Quarter 2023 
 
 Financial results for FirstEnergy s business segments for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results 
 
 (In millions) 
 Distribution Integrated Stand-Alone Transmission Corporate/Other and Reconciling Adjustments FirstEnergy Consolidated Revenues: Electric 1,775 1,432 470 2 3,679 Other 42 20 5 (17) 50 Total Revenues 1,817 1,452 475 (15) 3,729 Operating Expenses: Fuel 139 139 Purchased power 571 508 7 1,086 Other operating expenses 644 349 113 (7) 1,099 Provision for depreciation 163 132 84 21 400 Amortization (deferral) of regulatory assets, net (55) 20 2 (33) General taxes 196 34 70 11 311 Total Operating Expenses 1,519 1,182 269 32 3,002 Other Income (Expense): Debt redemption costs Equity method investment earnings 21 21 Miscellaneous income, net 28 13 7 5 53 Interest expense (106) (62) (70) (38) (276) Capitalized financing costs 7 12 16 35 Total Other Expense (71) (37) (47) (12) (167) Income taxes (benefits) 34 36 40 (16) 94 Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 47 47 Earnings (Loss) Attributable to FE from Continuing Operations 193 197 72 (43) 419 
 
 Third Quarter 2023 Financial Results 
 
 (In millions) 
 Distribution Integrated Stand-Alone Transmission Corporate/Other and Reconciling Adjustments FirstEnergy Consolidated Revenues: Electric 1,754 1,254 434 1 3,443 Other 41 12 5 (14) 44 Total Revenues 1,795 1,266 439 (13) 3,487 Operating Expenses: Fuel 166 166 Purchased power 702 447 6 1,155 Other operating expenses 564 324 97 (18) 967 Provision for depreciation 155 116 77 18 366 Amortization (deferral) of regulatory assets, net (124) (17) 1 (140) General taxes 193 34 65 15 307 Total Operating Expenses 1,490 1,070 240 21 2,821 Other Income (Expense): Debt redemption costs Equity method investment earnings 43 43 Miscellaneous income (expense), net 10 18 6 (10) 24 Interest expense (100) (67) (62) (60) (289) Capitalized financing costs 6 10 10 26 Total Other Expense (84) (39) (46) (27) (196) Income taxes (benefits) 46 12 33 (62) 29 Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 20 20 Earnings Attributable to FE from Continuing Operations 175 145 100 1 421 

51 

Changes Between Third Quarter 2024 and Third Quarter 2023 Financial Results 
 
 (In millions) 
 Distribution Integrated Transmission Corporate/Other and Reconciling Adjustments FirstEnergy Consolidated Revenues: Electric 21 178 36 1 236 Other 1 8 (3) 6 Total Revenues 22 186 36 (2) 242 Operating Expenses: Fuel (27) (27) Purchased power (131) 61 1 (69) Other operating expenses 80 25 16 11 132 Provision for depreciation 8 16 7 3 34 Amortization (deferral) of regulatory assets, net 69 37 1 107 General taxes 3 5 (4) 4 Total Operating Expenses 29 112 29 11 181 Other Income (Expense): Debt redemption costs Equity method investment earnings (22) (22) Miscellaneous income (expense), net 18 (5) 1 15 29 Interest expense (6) 5 (8) 22 13 Capitalized financing costs 1 2 6 9 Total Other Expense 13 2 (1) 15 29 Income taxes (benefits) (12) 24 7 46 65 Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 27 27 Earnings (Loss) Attributable to FE from Continuing Operations 18 52 (28) (44) (2) 
 
 52 

Distribution Segment Third Quarter of 2024 Compared with Third Quarter of 2023 
 
 Distribution segment s earnings attributable to FE from continuing operations increased 18 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily resulting from higher customer usage as a result of the weather, partially offset by lower weather-adjusted customer usage and demand and lower revenues due to changes in the Ohio DCR that became effective June 1, 2024. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Distribution s total revenues increased 22 million as a result of the following sources: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Revenues by Type of Service 3 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) (In millions) Distribution services 1,133 2 1,053 80 Generation sales: Retail 640 694 (54) Wholesale 2 7 (5) Total generation sales 642 701 (59) Other 42 41 1 Total Revenues 1,817 1,795 22 
 
 Distribution services revenues increased 80 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily resulting from higher customer usage as a result of the weather, lower customer credits associated with the PUCO-approved Ohio Stipulation, and higher rider revenues associated with a Pennsylvania regulated investment program, partially offset by lower rider revenues associated with changes to the Ohio DCR as a result of the PUCO s ESP V order that became effective June 1, 2024, and lower weather-adjusted customer usage and demand. Additionally, revenues increased due to the higher recovery of transmission expenses, and other FE PA rider rate adjustments, which have no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Generation sales revenues decreased 59 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower retail generation sales as a result of higher shopping in Ohio, which lowered sales volumes, partially offset by higher non-shopping generation auction rates. Total generation provided by alternative suppliers as a percentage of total MWh deliveries for the Ohio Companies and FE PA in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, increased to 90 from 89 in Ohio and decreased slightly to 61 from 62 in Pennsylvania. Retail and wholesale generation sales revenue have no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Total operating expenses increased 29 million, primarily due to: 
 
 Purchased power costs, which have no material impact to earnings, decreased 131 million during the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to decreased generation sales volumes as described above, decreased capacity expenses and lower unit costs. 
 
 Other operating expenses increased 80 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to: 
 Higher network transmission expenses of 40 million, which are deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact to earnings; 
 31 million impairment charge related to the Akron general office in 2024; 
 Higher planned vegetation management expenses of 18 million; 
 Higher storm restoration expenses of 47 million, of which 42 million were deferred for future recovery; and 
 Higher energy efficiency and other state mandated program costs of 6 million, which were deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact to earnings. 
 
 The increase was partially offset by: 
 Lower other operating expenses of 53 million, primarily due to lower employee labor and benefits, including those associated with the PEER program and separation-related costs; and 
 Lower uncollectible expenses of 9 million, of which 2 million was deferred for future recovery. 
 
 Depreciation expense increased 8 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to a higher asset base. 
 
 Deferral of regulatory assets decreased 69 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to a 94 million net decrease from lower generation and transmission related deferrals and 11 million related to net decreases in other deferrals, partially offset by a 36 million increase due to higher deferral of storm related expenses. 
 
 General taxes increased 3 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher gross receipts and property taxes. 
 
 Other Expense 
 
 Other expense decreased 13 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to the absence of a charge from an environmental settlement agreement requiring a 10 million contribution to the EPA associated with a former generation plant of OE. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Distribution segment s effective tax rate was 15.0 and 20.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the impact of permanent tax benefits on pre-tax income. 
 
 Integrated Segment Third Quarter of 2024 Compared with Third Quarter of 2023 
 
 Integrated segment s earnings attributable to FE from continuing operations increased 52 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher revenues from regulated investment programs, the implementation of base rate cases and higher customer usage and demand, partially offset by higher operating expenses. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Integrated segment s total revenues increased 186 million as a result of the following sources: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Revenues by Type of Service 3 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) (In millions) Distribution services 504 445 59 Generation sales: Retail 792 677 115 Wholesale 50 58 (8) Total generation sales 842 735 107 Transmission revenues: JCP L 56 52 4 MP PE 30 22 8 Total transmission revenues 86 74 12 Other 20 12 8 Total Revenues 1,452 1,266 186 

Distribution services revenues increased 59 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily resulting from higher revenues from the implementation of base rate cases, and higher rider revenues associated with certain regulated investment programs. Additionally, revenues increased due to the higher recovery of transmission expenses, which have no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Generation sales revenues increased 107 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher retail revenues and lower wholesale revenues. 
 
 Retail generation sales increased 115 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to higher non-shopping generation auction rates and higher customer usage as a result of the weather. Retail generation sales, other than those in West Virginia, have no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Wholesale generation revenues decreased 8 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower capacity revenues and market prices. The difference between current wholesale generation 
 revenues and certain energy costs incurred is deferred for future recovery or refund, with no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Transmission revenues increased 12 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher rate base from regulated investment programs. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Total operating expenses increased 112 million, primarily due to: 
 
 Fuel costs decreased 27 million during the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to lower unit costs, partially offset by higher consumption volumes. Due to the ENEC, fuel expense has no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Purchased power costs, which have no material impact to earnings, increased 61 million during the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher sales volumes, partially offset by lower unit costs and lower capacity expenses. 
 
 Other operating expenses increased 25 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to: 
 
 Higher storm restoration expenses of 27 million, of which 21 million were deferred for future recovery; 
 Higher network transmission expenses of 16 million, which were deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact to earnings; 
 17 million impairment charge related to the Akron general office in 2024; 
 Higher planned vegetation management costs of 4 million; 
 Higher uncollectible expenses of 2 million, which were deferred for future recovery; and 
 Higher energy efficiency and other state mandated program costs of 3 million, which were deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact to earnings. 
 
 The increase was partially offset by: 
 Lower other operating and maintenance expenses of 44 million, primarily due to lower employee labor and benefits, including those associated with the PEER program and separation-related costs. 
 
 Depreciation expense increased 16 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to a higher asset base. 
 
 Deferral of regulatory assets decreased 37 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to a 42 million net decrease from lower generation and transmission related deferrals and 10 million related to net decreases in other deferrals, partially offset by a 15 million increase from higher deferral of storm related expenses. 
 
 Other Expense 
 
 Other expense decreased 2 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to lower interest expense as a result of a JCP L debt redemption in 2024. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Integrated segment s effective tax rate was 15.5 and 7.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the absence of a discrete tax benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance recognized in 2023, partially offset by a remeasurement of excess deferred income taxes in 2024. 

Stand-Alone Transmission Segment Third Quarter of 2024 Compared with Third Quarter of 2023 
 
 Stand-Alone Transmission Segment s earnings attributable to FE from continuing operations decreased 28 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to the dilutive effect of the FET Equity Interest Sale, and higher interest expense, partially offset by higher revenue from regulated investment programs that increased rate base. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Stand-Alone Transmission s total revenues increased 36 million, primarily due to a higher rate base and recovery of higher transmission operating expenses. 
 
 The following table shows revenues by transmission asset owner: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Revenues by Transmission Asset Owner 3 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) (In millions) ATSI 265 247 18 TrAIL 69 73 (4) MAIT 117 103 14 KATCo 24 16 8 Total Revenues 475 439 36 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Total operating expenses increased 29 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher depreciation and property tax expenses from a higher asset base and a 11 million impairment charge related to the Akron general office. Other than the impairment charge, nearly all operating expenses are recovered through formula rates, resulting in no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Other Expense 
 
 Total other expense increased 1 million in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher interest on short-term borrowings and new debt issuances, partially offset by higher capitalized financing costs. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Stand-Alone Transmission s effective tax rate was 25.2 and 21.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to a reduction in state income tax benefits. 
 
 Corporate / Other Third Quarter 2024 Compared with Third Quarter 2023 
 
 Financial results at Corporate/Other resulted in a 44 million increase in losses attributable to FE from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to: 
 
 17 million (after-tax) in lower investment earnings related to FEV s equity method investment in Global Holding; and 
 Lower net discrete tax benefits related to the absence of a reduction in state income taxes and release of a valuation allowance recognized in 2023, partially offset by discrete tax benefits in 2024 associated with certain equity method investments. 
 
 The increase in losses were partially offset by: 
 14 million (after-tax) of lower interest expense, primarily related to lower short-term borrowings and the redemption of certain FE long-term debt, and higher interest income related to the FET Equity Interest Sale promissory notes. 

53 

Summary of Results of Operations First Nine Months of 2024 Compared with First Nine Months of 2023 
 
 Financial results for FirstEnergy s business segments for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 
 First Nine Months 2024 Financial Results 
 
 (In millions) 
 Distribution Integrated Stand-Alone Transmission Corporate/Other and Reconciling Adjustments FirstEnergy Consolidated Revenues: Electric 5,110 3,676 1,367 6 10,159 Other 122 49 14 (48) 137 Total Revenues 5,232 3,725 1,381 (42) 10,296 Operating Expenses: Fuel 372 372 Purchased power 1,723 1,260 16 2,999 Other operating expenses 1,871 1,041 280 83 3,275 Provision for depreciation 486 386 249 57 1,178 Amortization (deferral) of regulatory assets, net (152) (58) 5 (205) General taxes 569 104 209 33 915 Total Operating Expenses 4,497 3,105 743 189 8,534 Other Income (Expense): Debt redemption costs (85) (85) Equity method investment earnings 64 64 Miscellaneous income, net 101 39 12 4 156 Interest expense (331) (198) (201) (136) (866) Capitalized financing costs 17 33 43 1 94 Total Other Expense (213) (126) (146) (152) (637) Income taxes (benefits) 96 107 141 (50) 294 Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 114 114 Earnings (Loss) Attributable to FE from Continuing Operations 426 387 237 (333) 717 
 
 First Nine Months 2023 Financial Results 
 
 (In millions) 
 Distribution Integrated Stand-Alone Transmission Corporate/Other and Reconciling Adjustments FirstEnergy Consolidated Revenues: Electric 5,115 3,206 1,262 6 9,589 Other 124 44 13 (46) 135 Total Revenues 5,239 3,250 1,275 (40) 9,724 Operating Expenses: Fuel 439 439 Purchased power 1,985 1,172 16 3,173 Other operating expenses 1,599 862 260 (23) 2,698 Provision for depreciation 464 343 226 55 1,088 Amortization (deferral) of regulatory assets, net (174) (85) 6 (253) General taxes 555 98 193 35 881 Total Operating Expenses 4,429 2,829 685 83 8,026 Other Income (Expense): Debt redemption costs (36) (36) Equity method investment earnings 134 134 Miscellaneous income (expense), net 58 50 17 (23) 102 Pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment 34 24 6 (5) 59 Interest expense (290) (187) (179) (172) (828) Capitalized financing costs 16 25 26 2 69 Total Other Expense (182) (88) (130) (100) (500) Income taxes (benefits) 122 43 102 (74) 193 Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 57 57 Earnings (Loss) Attributable to FE from Continuing Operations 506 290 301 (149) 948 

54 

Changes Between First Nine Months 2024 and First Nine Months 2023 Financial Results 
 
 (In millions) 
 Distribution Integrated Stand-Alone Transmission Corporate/Other and Reconciling Adjustments FirstEnergy Consolidated Revenues: Electric (5) 470 105 570 Other (2) 5 1 (2) 2 Total Revenues (7) 475 106 (2) 572 Operating Expenses: Fuel (67) (67) Purchased power (262) 88 (174) Other operating expenses 272 179 20 106 577 Provision for depreciation 22 43 23 2 90 Amortization (deferral) of regulatory assets, net 22 27 (1) 48 General taxes 14 6 16 (2) 34 Total Operating Expenses 68 276 58 106 508 Other Income (Expense): Debt redemption costs (49) (49) Equity method investment earnings (70) (70) Miscellaneous income (expense), net 43 (11) (5) 27 54 Pension and OPEB mark-to-market adjustment (34) (24) (6) 5 (59) Interest expense (41) (11) (22) 36 (38) Capitalized financing costs 1 8 17 (1) 25 Total Other Expense (31) (38) (16) (52) (137) Income taxes (benefits) (26) 64 39 24 101 Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 57 57 Earnings (Loss) Attributable to FE from Continuing Operations (80) 97 (64) (184) (231) 
 
 55 

Distribution Segment First Nine Months of 2024 Compared with First Nine Months of 2023 
 
 Distribution segment s earnings attributable to FE from continuing operations decreased 80 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily resulting from lower weather-adjusted customer usage and demand, lower revenues due to changes in the Ohio DCR that became effective June 1, 2024, and higher operating expenses, including increases in the ARO liability, partially offset by higher customer usage as a result of the weather and lower Ohio customer rate credits. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Distribution s total revenues decreased 7 million as a result of the following sources: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Revenues by Type of Service 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) (In millions) Distribution services 3,169 2,897 272 Generation sales: Retail 1,937 2,198 (261) Wholesale 4 20 (16) Total generation sales 1,941 2,218 (277) Other 122 124 (2) Total Revenues 5,232 5,239 (7) 
 
 Distribution services revenues increased 272 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily resulting from higher customer usage as a result of the weather, higher rider revenues associated with a Pennsylvania regulated investment program, and lower customer credits associated with the PUCO-approved Ohio Stipulation. Additionally, revenues increased due to the higher recovery of transmission expenses, and other FE PA rider rate adjustments, which have no material impact to earnings. Higher distribution services revenues were partially offset by lower weather-adjusted customer usage and demand and lower revenues associated with changes to the Ohio DCR as a result of the PUCO s ESP V order that became effective June 1, 2024. 
 
 Generation sales revenues decreased 277 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower retail generation sales as a result of increased customer shopping, partially offset by higher non-shopping generation auction rates. Total generation provided by alternative suppliers as a percentage of total MWh deliveries for the Ohio Companies and FE PA in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, increased to 90 from 73 in Ohio and increased to 63 from 62 in Pennsylvania. Retail and wholesale generation sales revenue have no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Total operating expenses increased 68 million, primarily due to: 
 
 Purchased power costs, which have no material impact to earnings, decreased 262 million during the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to lower generation sales volumes as described above and decreased capacity expenses, partially offset by higher unit costs. 
 
 Other operating expenses increased 272 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to: 
 Higher network transmission expenses of 114 million, which are deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact to earnings; 
 46 million charge related to changes in ARO liabilities associated with final CCR rules; 
 32.5 million contribution commitment by the Ohio Companies, as a result of the Ohio ESP V PUCO order; 
 31 million impairment charge related to the Akron general office in the third quarter of 2024; 
 Higher planned vegetation management expenses of 49 million; 
 Higher energy efficiency and other state mandated program costs of 11 million, which were deferred for future; 
 Higher storm restoration expenses of 42 million, which were mostly deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact to earnings recovery; and 
 Higher uncollectible expenses of 27 million, of which 7 million was deferred for future recovery. 
 
 This increase was partially offset by: 
 Lower other operating expenses of 81 million, primarily due to lower labor and benefits expenses, including those associated with the PEER program and separation-related costs. 
 
 Depreciation expense increased 22 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to a higher asset base. 
 
 Deferral of regulatory assets decreased 22 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to a 21 million decrease of certain Tax Act savings deferrals to FE PA customers, 6 million decrease from lower net generation and transmission related deferrals, and 28 million related to net decreases in other deferrals, partially offset by 33 million increase due to higher deferral of storm related expenses. 
 
 General taxes increased 14 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher gross receipts taxes. 
 
 Other Expense 
 
 Other expense increased 31 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to the absence of the pension mark-to-market adjustment, partially offset by the absence of a charge from an environmental settlement agreement requiring a 10 million contribution to the EPA associated with a former generation plant of OE. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Distribution segment s effective tax rate was 18.4 and 19.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Integrated Segment First Nine Months of 2024 Compared with First Nine Months of 2023 
 
 Integrated segment s earnings attributable to FE from continuing operations increased 97 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily from the implementation of base rate cases, higher customer usage and demand, and higher revenues from regulated investment programs, partially offset by higher operating expenses, including increases in the ARO liability, and a higher effective tax rate discussed below. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Integrated segment s total revenues increased 475 million as a result of the following sources: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Revenues by Type of Service 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) (In millions) Distribution services 1,224 1,089 135 Generation sales: Retail 2,051 1,740 311 Wholesale 118 153 (35) Total generation sales 2,169 1,893 276 Transmission revenues: JCP L 175 152 23 MP PE 108 72 36 Total transmission revenues 283 224 59 Other 49 44 5 Total Revenues 3,725 3,250 475 
 
 Distribution services revenues increased 135 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily resulting from higher revenues from the implementation of base rate cases, higher customer usage as a result of the weather, higher weather-adjusted customer usage and demand, and higher rider revenues associated with certain regulated investment programs. Additionally, revenues increased due to the higher recovery of transmission expenses, which have no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Generation sales revenues increased 276 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023. primarily due to higher retail revenues, partially offset by lower wholesale revenues. 
 
 Retail generation sales increased 311 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to higher customer usage as a result of the weather and higher non-shopping generation auction rates. Retail generation sales, other than those in West Virginia, have no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Wholesale generation revenues decreased 35 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower capacity revenues and lower market prices, partially offset by higher sales volumes. The difference between current wholesale generation revenues and certain energy costs incurred is deferred for future recovery or refund, with no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Transmission revenues increased 59 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher rate base from regulated investment programs. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Total operating expenses increased 276 million, primarily due to: 
 
 Fuel costs decreased 67 million during the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to lower unit costs, partially offset by higher consumption volumes. Due to the ENEC, fuel expense has no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Purchased power costs, which have no material impact to earnings, increased 88 million during the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher unit costs and volumes, partially offset by lower capacity expenses. 
 
 Other operating expenses increased 179 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to: 
 
 53 million charge at JCP L in the first quarter 2024 associated with certain corporate support costs recorded to capital accounts from the FERC Audit that were determined, as a result of the base rate case settlement agreement, to be disallowed from future recovery; 
 Higher storm restoration expenses of 74 million, of which 65 million was deferred for future recovery; 
 Higher network transmission expenses of 35 million, which were deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact to earnings; 
 16 million charge related to changes in ARO liabilities associated with final CCR rules; 
 17 million impairment charge related to the Akron general office in the third quarter of 2024; 
 Higher planned vegetation management costs of 11 million, of which 4 million were deferred for future recovery; 
 Higher uncollectible expenses of 7 million, which were deferred for future recovery, primarily due to a reduction to the allowance during the second quarter of 2023; 
 Higher energy efficiency and other state mandated program costs of 7 million, which were deferred for future recovery, resulting in no material impact to earnings; and 
 Higher regulated generation outage spend of 5 million. 
 
 This increase was partially offset by: 
 Lower other operating and maintenance expenses of 46 million, primarily due to lower labor and benefit expenses, including those associated with the PEER program and separation-related costs. 
 
 Depreciation expense increased 43 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to a higher asset base. 
 
 Deferral of regulatory assets decreased 27 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to: 
 169 million net decrease due to lower generation and transmission related deferrals; and 
 12 million decrease due to higher vegetation management program-related amortizations. 
 
 This decrease was partially offset by: 
 63 million increase due to higher deferral of storm related expenses; 
 60 million increase due to the approval in the first quarter of 2024 to recover costs of certain retired generation stations by the WVPSC; 
 22 million related to net increases in other deferrals; and 
 9 million increase due to higher energy efficiency related deferrals. 
 
 General taxes increased 6 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher gross receipts taxes. 
 
 Other Expense 
 
 Other expense increased 38 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to the absence of the pension mark-to-market adjustment, higher interest expense on short-term borrowings and long-term debt, and higher non-recoverable charges related to abandoned transmission projects, partially offset by higher capitalized interest. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Integrated segment s effective tax rate was 21.7 and 12.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the absence of a discrete tax benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance recognized in the third quarter of 2023, partially offset by a remeasurement of excess deferred income taxes in the third quarter of 2024. 

Stand-Alone Transmission Segment First Nine Months of 2024 Compared with First Nine Months of 2023 
 
 Stand-Alone Transmission Segment s earnings attributable to FE from continuing operations decreased 64 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to the dilutive effect and discrete tax charge associated with the FET Equity Interest Sale, and higher interest expense, partially offset by higher revenue from regulated investment programs that increased rate base. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Stand-Alone Transmission s total revenues increased 106 million, primarily due to a higher rate base and recovery of higher transmission operating expenses. 
 
 The following table shows revenues by transmission asset owner: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Revenues by Transmission Asset Owner 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) (In millions) ATSI 774 718 56 TrAIL 209 207 2 MAIT 333 292 41 KATCo 67 58 9 Other (2) (2) Total Revenues 1,381 1,275 106 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Total operating expenses increased 58 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher depreciation and property tax expenses from a higher asset base and a 11 million impairment charge related to the Akron general office in the third quarter of 2024. Other than the impairment charge, nearly all operating expenses are recovered through formula rates, resulting in no material impact to earnings. 
 
 Other Expense 
 
 Total other expense increased 16 million in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher interest on short-term borrowings, new debt issuances, and higher non-recoverable charges at TrAIL, partially offset by higher capitalized financing costs. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Stand-Alone Transmission s effective tax rate was 28.7 and 22.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to a discrete tax charge on the FET Equity Interest Sale in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 56 

Corporate / Other First Nine Months of 2024 Compared with First Nine Months of 2023 
 
 Financial results at Corporate/Other resulted in a 184 million increase in losses attributable to FE from continuing operations in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to: 
 
 120 million related to a civil penalty with the SEC and a settlement with the OOCIC investigations as further discussed below in Outlook - Other Legal Proceedings 
 115 million (after-tax) charge related to changes in ARO liabilities associated with final CCR rules and future expected costs to remediate McElroy s Run; 
 54 million (after-tax) in lower investment earnings related to FEV s equity method investment in Global Holding; 
 38 million (after-tax) of higher debt redemption costs; and 
 Lower net discrete tax benefits as a result of tax charges related to the PA Consolidation and FET Equity Interest Sale in the first quarter of 2024, and the absence of a reduction in state income taxes and release of a valuation allowance recognized in the third quarter of 2023, partially offset by discrete tax benefits in the third quarter of 2024 associated with certain equity method investments. 
 
 The increase in losses were partially offset by: 
 116 million (after-tax) of net proceeds from the shareholder derivative lawsuit settlement as described below in Outlook - Other Legal Proceedings 
 25 million (after-tax) of higher interest income related to the FET Equity Interest Sale promissory notes and net money pool investments; 
 23 million (after-tax) of lower other operating expenses primarily related to the absence of expenses associated with the cancellation of certain sponsorship agreements in 2023; 
 4 million (after-tax) of lower interest expense as a result of the redemption of certain FE long-term debt; and 
 4 million (after-tax) from the absence of the pension mark-to-market adjustment. 
 
 REGULATORY ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 
 Regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates. Regulatory liabilities represent amounts that are expected to be credited to customers through future regulated rates or amounts collected from customers for costs not yet incurred. FirstEnergy, the Electric Companies and the Transmission Companies net their regulatory assets and liabilities based on federal and state jurisdictions. 
 
 Management assesses the probability of recovery of regulatory assets, and settlement of regulatory liabilities, at each balance sheet date and whenever new events occur. Factors that may affect probability relate to changes in the regulatory environment, issuance of a regulatory commission order or passage of new legislation. Upon material changes to these factors, where applicable, FirstEnergy will record new regulatory assets and liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered or settled in future rates. 
 
 The following table provides information about the composition of net regulatory assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, and the changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Net Regulatory Assets (Liabilities) by Source September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change (In millions) Customer payables for future income taxes (2,279) (2,382) 103 Spent nuclear fuel disposal costs (78) (83) 5 Asset removal costs (665) (652) (13) Deferred transmission costs 271 286 (15) Deferred generation costs 500 572 (72) Deferred distribution costs 268 247 21 Storm-related costs 1,001 799 202 Energy efficiency program costs 288 198 90 New Jersey societal benefit costs 82 79 3 Vegetation management costs 109 102 7 Other 72 (11) 83 Net Regulatory Liabilities included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets (431) (845) 414 
 57 

The following is a description of the regulatory assets and liabilities described above: 
 
 Customer payables for future income taxes - Reflects amounts to be recovered or refunded through future rates to pay income taxes that become payable when rate revenue is provided to recover items such as AFUDC equity and depreciation of property, plant and equipment for which deferred income taxes were not recognized for ratemaking purposes, including amounts attributable to federal and state tax rate changes such as the Tax Act and Pennsylvania House Bill 1342. These amounts are being amortized over the period in which the related deferred tax assets reverse, which is generally over the expected life of the underlying asset. 
 
 Spent nuclear fuel disposal costs - Reflects amounts collected from customers, and the investment income, losses and changes in fair value of the trusts for spent nuclear fuel disposal costs related to former nuclear generating facilities, Oyster Creek and Three Mile Island Unit 1. 
 
 Asset removal costs - Primarily represents the rates charged to customers that include a provision for the cost of future activities to remove assets, including obligations for which an ARO has been recognized, that are expected to be incurred at the time of retirement. 
 
 Deferred transmission costs - Reflects differences between revenues earned based on actual costs for the formula-rate Transmission Companies and the amounts billed, including amounts expected to be refunded to, or recoverable from, wholesale transmission customers resulting from the FERC Audit, as further described below, which amounts are recorded as a regulatory asset or liability and recovered or refunded, respectively, in subsequent periods. Also included is the recovery of non-market based costs or fees charged to certain of the Electric Companies by various regulatory bodies including FERC and RTOs, which can include PJM charges and credits for service including, but not limited to, procuring transmission services and transmission enhancement. 
 
 Deferred generation costs - Primarily relates to regulatory assets associated with the securitized recovery of certain fuel and purchased power regulatory assets at the Ohio Companies (amortized through 2034) as well as the ENEC at MP and PE. MP and PE recover net power supply costs, including fuel costs, purchased power costs and related expenses, net of related market sales revenue through the ENEC. Generally, the ENEC rate is updated annually. Also included is a regulatory asset related to approval by the WVPSC in March 2024 to recover costs associated with certain retired generation plants in West Virginia (amortized through 2029). 
 
 Deferred distribution costs - Relates to the Ohio Companies' deferral of certain distribution-related expenses, including interest (amortized through 2034), AMI costs in New Jersey, and other distribution-related costs being recovered in West Virginia. 
 
 Storm-related costs - Relates to the deferral of storm costs, which vary by jurisdiction. Approximately 389 million and 254 million are currently being recovered through rates as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Energy efficiency program costs - Relates to the recovery of costs in excess of revenues associated with energy efficiency programs including, New Jersey energy efficiency and renewable energy programs, FE PA s Energy Efficiency and Conservation programs, the Ohio Companies' Demand Side Management and Energy Efficiency Rider, and PE's EmPOWER Maryland surcharge. Investments in certain of these energy efficiency programs earn a long-term return. 
 
 New Jersey societal benefit costs - Primarily relates to regulatory assets associated with MGP remediation, universal service and lifeline funds, and the New Jersey Clean Energy Program. 
 
 Vegetation management costs - Relates to regulatory assets associated with the recovery of certain distribution vegetation management costs in New Jersey and West Virginia as well as certain transmission vegetation management costs at MAIT, ATSI, KATCo and PE (amortized through 2024, 2030 and 2036, respectively). 
 58 

The following table provides information about the composition of net regulatory assets that do not earn a current return as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, of which approximately 692 million and 371 million, respectively, are currently being recovered through rates over varying periods, through 2068, depending on the nature of the deferral and the jurisdiction: 
 
 Regulatory Assets by Source Not Earning a Current Return September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change (In millions) Deferred transmission costs 3 6 (3) Deferred generation costs 318 432 (114) Deferred distribution costs 145 68 77 Storm-related costs 692 602 90 Vegetation management costs 17 21 (4) Other 63 68 (5) Regulatory Assets Not Earning a Current Return 1,238 1,197 41 
 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 FirstEnergy s business is capital intensive, requiring significant resources to fund operating expenses, construction and other investment expenditures, scheduled debt maturities and interest payments, dividend payments and potential contributions to its pension plan. 
 
 FE and its subsidiaries expect their existing sources of liquidity to remain sufficient to meet their respective anticipated obligations. In addition to internal sources to fund liquidity and capital requirements for 2024 and beyond, FE and its subsidiaries expect to rely on external sources of funds. Short-term cash requirements not met by cash provided from operations are generally satisfied through short-term borrowings. Long-term cash needs may be met through the issuance of long-term debt by FE and certain of its subsidiaries to, among other things, fund capital expenditures and other capital-like investments, and refinance short-term and maturing long-term debt, subject to market conditions and other factors. FE may utilize instruments other than senior notes to fund its liquidity and capital requirements, including hybrid securities. 
 
 In alignment with FirstEnergy s strategy to invest in its segments as a fully regulated company, FirstEnergy is focused on maintaining balance sheet strength and flexibility. Specifically, at the regulated businesses, regulatory authority has been obtained for various regulated subsidiaries to issue and/or refinance debt. 
 
 Any financing plans by FE or any of its consolidated subsidiaries, including the issuance of equity and debt, and the refinancing of short-term and maturing long-term debt are subject to market conditions and other factors. No assurance can be given that any such issuances, financing or refinancing, as the case may be, will be completed as anticipated or at all. Any delay in the completion of financing plans could require FE or any of its consolidated subsidiaries to utilize short-term borrowing capacity, which could impact available liquidity. In addition, FE and its consolidated subsidiaries expect to continually evaluate any planned financings, which may result in changes from time to time. 
 
 On February 2, 2023, FE, along with FET, entered into the FET P SA II with Brookfield and the Brookfield Guarantors, pursuant to which FE agreed to sell to Brookfield at the closing, and Brookfield agreed to purchase from FE, an incremental 30 equity interest in FET for a purchase price of 3.5 billion. The FET Equity Interest Sale closed on March 25, 2024 and FET continues to be consolidated in FirstEnergy s financial statements. The purchase price was paid in part by the issuance of two promissory notes at closing having an aggregate principal amount of 1.2 billion with: (i) one promissory note having an aggregate principal amount of 750 million, at an interest rate of 5.75 per annum, with a maturity date of September 25, 2025 and (ii) one promissory note having an aggregate principal amount of 450 million, at an interest rate of 7.75 per annum, with a maturity date of December 31, 2024. The remaining 2.3 billion of the purchase price was paid in cash at closing. On July 17, 2024, Brookfield paid FE approximately 1.2 billion in full satisfaction of the promissory notes . Interest income associated with the promissory notes was 24 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and is reported within Miscellaneous income, net on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Statements of Income. As a result of the consummation of the transaction, Brookfield s interest in FET increased from 19.9 to 49.9 , while FE retained the remaining 50.1 ownership interests of FET. 
 
 On January 1, 2024, FirstEnergy consolidated the Pennsylvania Companies into FE PA, including OE subsidiary Penn, rendering FE PA a new, single operating entity and the successor-in-interest to all assets and liabilities of the Pennsylvania Companies. As of January 1, 2024, FE PA is FE s only regulated distribution power company in Pennsylvania encompassing the operations previously conducted individually by the Pennsylvania Companies. FE PA serves an area with a population of approximately 4.5 million and operates under the rate districts of the former Pennsylvania Companies. FirstEnergy continues to evaluate the legal, financial, operational and branding benefits of consolidating the Ohio Companies into a single Ohio power company. 
 
 59 

Also on January 1, 2024, WP transferred certain of its Pennsylvania-based transmission assets to KATCo, and PN and ME contributed their respective Class B equity interests of MAIT to FE, which were ultimately contributed to FET in exchange for a special purpose membership interest in FET. So long as FE holds the FET special purpose membership interests, it will receive 100 of any Class B distributions made by MAIT. 
 
 Post-pandemic economic conditions have stabilized across numerous material categories, but lead times have not returned to pre-pandemic levels. Several key suppliers have seen improvements with labor shortages and raw material availability and FirstEnergy continues to monitor the situation as capacity can be constrained with increased demand. Inflationary pressures have moderated, which has positively impacted the cost of materials, but certain categories have remained elevated. FirstEnergy continues to implement mitigation strategies to address supply constraints and does not expect service disruptions or any material impact on its capital investment plan. However, the situation remains fluid and a prolonged continuation or further increase in supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on FirstEnergy s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 
 In December 2023, FirstEnergy, executed a lift-out transaction with Banner Life Insurance Company and Reinsurance Group of America that transferred approximately 683 million of plan assets and 719 million of plan obligations, associated with approximately 1,900 former competitive generation employees, who will assume future and full responsibility to fund and administer their benefit payments. There was no change to the pension benefits for any participants as a result of the transfer. The transaction was funded by pension plan assets and resulted in a pre-tax gain of approximately 36 million, which was included in the fourth quarter 2023 pension mark-to-market charge. FirstEnergy expects that the transaction further de-risked potential volatility with the pension plan assets and liabilities, and FirstEnergy is currently evaluating another lift-out in 2024 of approximately 700 million in pension assets and plan obligations associated with former competitive generation employees based on market and other conditions. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, FirstEnergy s net deficit in working capital (current assets less current liabilities) was primarily due to current portion of long-term debt, accounts payable, short-term borrowings and accrued interest, taxes, and compensation and benefits. FirstEnergy believes its cash from operations and available liquidity will be sufficient to meet its current working capital needs. See further discussion on cash from operations below. 
 
 Short-Term Borrowings / Revolving Credit Facilities 
 
 On October 18, 2021, FE, FET, the Electric Companies, ATSI, MAIT and TrAIL entered into the 2021 Credit Facilities, which were six separate senior unsecured five-year syndicated revolving credit facilities with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and PNC Bank, National Association that replaced the FE Revolving Facility and the FET Revolving Facility, and provide for aggregate commitments of 4.5 billion. Under the 2021 Credit Facilities, an aggregate amount of 4.5 billion is available to be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed, subject to each borrower s respective sublimit under the respective facilities. These credit facilities provide substantial liquidity to support the Regulated businesses, and each of the operating companies within the businesses. 
 
 On October 20, 2023, FE and certain of its subsidiaries entered into the amendments to each of the 2021 Credit Facilities to, among other things; (i) amend the FE Revolving Facility to release FET as a borrower and (ii) extend the maturity date of the 2021 Credit Facilities for an additional one-year period, from October 18, 2026 to October 18, 2027. Also, on October 20, 2023, each of FET and KATCo entered into the 2023 Credit Facilities. In connection with PA Consolidation, the Pennsylvania Companies' rights and obligations under their revolving credit facility were assumed by FE PA on January 1, 2024. 
 
 Under the FET Revolving Facility, 1.0 billion is available to be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until October 20, 2028. Under the KATCo Revolving Facility, (i) 150 million is available to be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until October 20, 2027, (ii) borrowings will mature on the earlier of 364 days from the date of borrowing or the commitment termination date, as the same may be extended; upon KATCo demonstrating to the administrative agent authorization to borrow amounts maturing more than 364 days from the date of borrowing, its borrowings will mature on the latest commitment termination date. 
 
 The 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities, as amended on October 24, 2024, are as follows: 
 
 FE, 1.0 billion revolving credit facility; 
 FET, 1.0 billion revolving credit facility; 
 Ohio Companies, 800 million revolving credit facility; 
 FE PA, 950 million revolving credit facility; 
 JCP L, 750 million revolving credit facility; 
 MP and PE, 400 million revolving credit facility; 
 ATSI, MAIT and TrAIL, 850 million revolving credit facility; and 
 KATCo, 150 million revolving credit facility. 
 
 Borrowings under the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. Generally, borrowings under each of the credit facilities are available to each borrower separately and mature on the earlier of 364 days from the date of borrowing or the commitment termination date, as the same may be extended. 
 60 

Each of the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities contain financial covenants requiring each borrower, with the exception of FE, to maintain a consolidated debt-to-total-capitalization ratio (as defined under each of the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities) of no more than 65 , and 75 for FET, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter. FE is required under its 2021 Credit Facility to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50 times, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter for the last four fiscal quarters beginning with the quarter ending December 31, 2021. 
 
 FirstEnergy s 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities bear interest at fluctuating interest rates, primarily based on SOFR, including term SOFR and daily simple SOFR. FirstEnergy has not hedged its interest rate exposure with respect to its floating rate debt. Accordingly, FirstEnergy s interest expense for any particular period will fluctuate based on SOFR and other variable interest rates. The high interest rate environment has caused the rate and interest expense on borrowings under the various FirstEnergy credit facilities to be significantly higher. Restricted access to capital markets and/or increased borrowing costs could have an adverse effect on FirstEnergy s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 FirstEnergy had 75 million and 775 million of outstanding short-term borrowings as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. FirstEnergy s available liquidity from external sources as of October 28, 2024, was as follows: 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility Maturity Commitment Available Liquidity (In millions) FE October 2028 1,000 972 FET October 2029 1,000 1,000 Ohio Companies October 2028 800 769 FE PA October 2028 950 931 JCP L October 2028 750 722 MP and PE October 2028 400 359 ATSI, MAIT and TrAIL October 2028 850 844 KATCo October 2028 150 150 Subtotal 5,900 5,747 Cash and cash equivalents 290 Total 5,900 6,037 
 
 61 

The following table summarizes the limitations on short-term indebtedness applicable to each borrower under current regulatory approvals and applicable statutory and/or charter limitations as of September 30, 2024: 
 Individual Borrower Regulatory Debt Limitations Credit Facility Commitment Debt-to-Total-Capitalization Ratio (In millions) FE N/A 1,000 N/A (2) 
 ATSI (1) 
 500 350 39.8 CEI (1) 
 500 300 35.4 FET N/A 1,000 65.8 FE PA (1) 
 1,250 950 50.5 JCP L (1) 
 1,000 500 (4) 
 29.6 KATCo (1) 
 200 150 N/A (3) 
 MAIT (1) 
 400 350 36.7 MP (1) 
 500 250 50.7 OE (1) 
 500 300 54.2 PE (1) 
 150 150 50.9 TE (1) 
 300 200 47.2 TrAIL (1) 
 400 150 39.2 
 (1) Includes amounts which may be borrowed under the regulated companies money pool. 
 (2) FE is not required to maintain a debt-to-total-capitalization ratio under the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities. However, FE is required to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50 times, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter for the last four fiscal quarters beginning with the quarter ending December 31, 2021. FE's interest coverage ratio as of September 30, 2024 was approximately 4.5 times. 
 (3) KATCo does not have any outstanding debt as of September 30, 2024. 
 (4) On October 24, 2024, JCP L s credit facility commitment was increased to 750 million. 
 
 Subject to each borrower s sublimit, the amounts noted below are available for the issuance of LOCs (subject to borrowings drawn under the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities) expiring up to one year from the date of issuance. The stated amount of outstanding LOCs will count against total commitments available under each of the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities and against the applicable borrower s borrowing sublimit. As of September 30, 2024, FirstEnergy had 159 million in outstanding LOCs, 31 million of which are outside of the revolving credit facilities. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility LOC Availability as of September 30, 2024 
 LOC Utilized as of September 30, 2024 
 (In millions) FE 100 3 FET 100 Ohio Companies 150 31 FE PA 200 19 JCP L 100 28 MP and PE 100 41 ATSI, MAIT and TrAIL 200 6 KATCo 35 
 
 The 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities do not contain provisions that restrict the ability to borrow or accelerate payment of outstanding advances in the event of any change in credit ratings of the borrowers. Pricing is defined in pricing grids, whereby the cost of funds borrowed under the 2021 Credit Facilities and the 2023 Credit Facilities are related to the credit ratings of the company borrowing the funds. Additionally, borrowings under each of the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities are subject to the usual and customary provisions for acceleration upon the occurrence of events of default, including a cross-default for other indebtedness in excess of 100 million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the borrowers were in compliance with the applicable interest coverage and debt-to-total-capitalization ratio covenants in each case as defined under the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities. 
 
 62 

FirstEnergy Money Pools 
 
 FirstEnergy s regulated operating subsidiary companies also have the ability to borrow from each other and FE to meet their short-term working capital requirements. As of September 23, 2024, AGC and KATCo are participants in the regulated companies money pool. Similar but separate arrangements exist among FirstEnergy s unregulated companies with AE Supply, FE, FET, FEV and certain other unregulated subsidiaries. As June 1, 2024, FET is no longer participating in the unregulated money pool. FESC administers these money pools and tracks surplus funds of FE and the respective regulated and unregulated subsidiaries, as the case may be, as well as proceeds available from bank borrowings. Companies receiving a loan under the money pool agreements must repay the principal amount of the loan, together with accrued interest, within 364 days of borrowing the funds. The rate of interest is the same for each company receiving a loan from their respective pool and is based on the average cost of funds available through the pool. The high interest rate environment has caused the rate and interest expense on borrowings under the various FirstEnergy credit facilities to be significantly higher. 
 
 Average Interest Rates Regulated Companies Money Pool Unregulated Companies Money Pool 2024 2023 2024 2023 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 5.43 6.48 6.35 5.78 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 5.99 6.16 6.71 5.69 
 
 Long-Term Debt Capacity 
 
 FE s and its subsidiaries access to capital markets and costs of financing are influenced by the credit ratings of their securities. The following table displays FE s and its subsidiaries credit ratings as of October 28, 2024: 
 Corporate Credit Rating Senior Secured Senior Unsecured Outlook/Credit/Watch (1) 
 Issuer S P Moody s Fitch S P Moody s Fitch S P Moody s Fitch S P Moody s Fitch FE BBB Baa3 BBB BBB- Baa3 BBB P S S Distribution: CEI BBB Baa3 BBB+ BBB Baa3 A- P S P OE BBB+ A3 BBB+ A A1 A BBB+ A3 A- P S P TE BBB+ Baa2 BBB+ A A3 A P S P FE PA BBB+ A3 BBB+ A A1 BBB+ A3 A- P S P Integrated: JCP L BBB A3 A- BBB A3 A P S S MP BBB Baa2 A- A- A3 A+ BBB Baa2 S S S AGC BBB- Baa2 A- S S S PE BBB Baa2 BBB+ A- A3 A S S S Stand-Alone Transmission: FET A- Baa2 BBB+ BBB+ Baa2 BBB+ P S S ATSI A- A3 A A- A3 A+ P S S MAIT A- A3 A A- A3 A+ P S S TrAIL A- A3 A A- A3 A+ P S S KATCo A3 A- S S 
 (1) S = Stable, P = Positive 
 
 On October 2, 2024, Fitch upgraded FE s rating to BBB from BBB-. Fitch also upgraded ratings of JCP L, MP, AGC, FET, ATSI, MAIT, TrAIL, and KATCo, and put OE, CEI, and TE on positive outlook. 
 
 The applicable undrawn and drawn margin on the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities are subject to ratings-based pricing grids. The applicable fee paid on the undrawn commitments under the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities are based on each borrower s senior unsecured non-credit enhanced debt ratings as determined by S P and Moody s. The fees paid on actual borrowings are determined based on each borrower s senior unsecured non-credit enhanced debt ratings as determined by S P and Moody s. 
 
 63 

The interest rates payable on approximately 2.1 billion in FE s senior unsecured notes are subject to adjustments from time to time if the ratings on the notes from any one or more of S P, Moody s and Fitch decreases to a rating set forth in the applicable governing documents. Generally, a one-notch downgrade by the applicable rating agency may result in a 25 basis point coupon rate increase beginning at BB, Ba1, and BB+ for S P, Moody s and Fitch, respectively, to the extent such rating is applicable to the series of outstanding senior unsecured notes, during the next interest period, subject to an aggregate cap of 2 from issuance interest rate. 
 
 Debt capacity is subject to the consolidated interest coverage ratio in the 2021 Credit Facilities. As of September 30, 2024, FirstEnergy could incur approximately 910 million of incremental interest expense or incur a 2.3 billion reduction to the consolidated interest coverage earnings numerator, as defined under the covenant, and FE would remain within the limitations of the financial covenant requirements of the 2021 Credit Facilities. 
 
 Cash Requirements and Commitments 
 
 FirstEnergy has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts. For an in-depth discussion of FirstEnergy s cash requirements and commitments, see Capital Resources and Liquidity - Cash Requirements and Commitments" in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" within FirstEnergy s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (filed on February 13, 2024). 
 
 Changes in Cash Position 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, FirstEnergy had 439 million of cash and cash equivalents and 26 million of restricted cash as compared to 137 million of cash and cash equivalents and 42 million of restricted cash as of December 31, 2023, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The following table summarizes the major classes of cash flow items: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 
 2023 
 Net cash provided from operating activities 1,847 429 Net cash used for investing activities (2,961) (2,473) Net cash provided from financing activities 1,400 1,982 Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 286 (62) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 179 206 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 465 144 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 
 
 FirstEnergy s most significant sources of cash are derived from electric service provided by its operating subsidiaries. The most significant use of cash from operating activities is buying electricity to serve non-shopping customers, return of cash collateral associated with certain generation suppliers that serve shopping customers, pension contributions and paying fuel suppliers, employees, tax authorities, lenders and others for a wide range of materials and services. 
 
 Cash provided from operating activities was 1.8 billion and 429 million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in cash provided from operating activities, compared to the same period of 2023, is primarily due to: 
 
 Lower payments, primarily on generation energy purchases for certain customers, net of related customer receivable receipts; 
 The decrease in return of cash collateral to certain generation suppliers that serve shopping customers that was previously received as a result of changes in power prices; 
 750 million cash contribution to qualified pension plan in the second quarter of 2023; 
 Receipt of the derivative lawsuit settlement proceeds in the second quarter of 2024; 
 Higher net transmission revenue collection based on the timing of formula rate collections; and 
 Higher returns from distribution, integrated, and transmission capital investments. 
 
 The increase in cash provided from operating activities was partially offset by: 
 Lower dividend distribution received by FEV from its equity investments in Global Holding; 
 Higher payments associated with Pennsylvania gross receipts taxes; and 
 Payment of the SEC civil penalty and OOCIC settlement in the third quarter of 2024; 
 
 64 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used for investing activities in the first nine months of 2024 principally represented cash used for capital investments. The following table summarizes investing activities for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023: 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Cash Used for Investing Activities 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) (In millions) Capital investments: Distribution Segment 758 662 96 Integrated Segment 1,045 824 221 Stand-Alone Transmission Segment 875 747 128 Corporate / Other 58 33 25 Asset removal costs 212 190 22 Other 13 17 (4) 2,961 2,473 488 
 Cash used for investing activities for the first nine months of 2024 increased 488 million, compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to capital investments. 
 
 Cash Flows From Financing Activities 
 
 In the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, cash provided from financing activities was 1.4 billion and 2.0 billion, respectively. The following table summarizes financing activities for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023: 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Financing Activities 2024 2023 (In millions) New Issues: Unsecured notes 1,200 1,050 Unsecured convertible notes 1,500 FMBs 600 1,200 3,150 Redemptions / Repayments: Unsecured notes (963) (494) FMBs (700) Senior secured notes (47) (43) (1,710) (537) Short-term borrowings, net (700) 170 Proceeds from FET Equity Interest Sale (Note 1) 3,500 Noncontrolling interest cash distributions (51) (63) Common stock dividend payments (725) (670) Debt issuance and redemption costs, and other (114) (68) 1,400 1,982 
 
 65 

FirstEnergy had the following issuances and redemptions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Company Type Redemption / Issuance Date Interest Rate Maturity Amount 
 (In millions) 
 Description Redemptions FE Unsecured Notes April, 2024 7.375 2031 463 FE redeemed all of its remaining 463 million of 2031 Notes including a premium of approximately 80 million 63 million after-tax). In addition, FE recognized approximately 4 million 3 million after-tax) of deferred cash flow hedge losses and 1 million in other unamortized debt costs and fees associated with the FE debt redemptions. JCP L Unsecured Notes April, 2024 4.70 2024 500 JCP L redeemed unsecured notes that became due. MP FMBs April, 2024 4.10 2024 400 MP redeemed FMBs that became due. CEI FMBs August, 2024 5.50 2024 300 CEI redeemed FMBs that became due. Issuances ATSI Unsecured Notes March, 2024 5.63 2034 150 Proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. MAIT Unsecured Notes May, 2024 5.94 2034 250 Proceeds were used to repay short-term borrowings, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. FET Unsecured Notes with registration rights September, 2024 4.55 2030 400 Proceeds were or will be used to repay short-term borrowings, to redeem FET's 600 million 4.35 notes due 2025, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. FET Unsecured Notes with registration rights September, 2024 5.00 2035 400 Proceeds were or will be used to repay short-term borrowings, to redeem FET's 600 million 4.35 notes due 2025, to finance capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. 
 
 On September 3, 2024, KATCo priced 200 million of senior notes due 2035 at 5.17 , which will be issued and funded on November 20, 2024. 
 
 As noted above, on September 5, 2024, FET issued 800 million of unsecured senior notes due in 2030 and 2035 in a private offering that included a registration rights agreement in which FET agreed to conduct an exchange offer of these senior notes for like principal amounts registered with the SEC. FET also agreed to file a shelf registration statement with the SEC to cover resales of the senior notes under certain circumstances. In the event FET's exchange offer is not completed or the shelf registration statement, if required, is not effective by the 366th day after September 5, 2024, or the effective shelf registration stops being effective for 60 days during any 12-month period, then additional interest will accrue on the coupon. Interest will accrue at a rate of 25 basis points for the first 90 days and an additional 25 basis points in the subsequent 90-day period, but not to exceed 50 basis points per year. However, if the additional interest is triggered, the interest rate will reset to the original notes rate once the registration statement is effective, or the shelf registration, if required, becomes effective. FET filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC on October 8, 2024. 
 
 FE or its affiliates may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase outstanding debt through open-market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any, will be upon such terms and at such prices as FE or its affiliates may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. 
 66 

GUARANTEES AND OTHER ASSURANCES 
 
 FirstEnergy has various financial and performance guarantees and indemnifications, which are issued in the normal course of business. These contracts include performance guarantees, stand-by LOCs, debt guarantees, surety bonds and indemnifications. FirstEnergy enters into these arrangements to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties by enhancing the value of the transaction to the third party. The maximum potential amount of future payments FE and its subsidiaries could be required to make under these guarantees as of September 30, 2024, was 978 million, as summarized below: 
 Guarantees and Other Assurances Maximum Exposure (In millions) FE s Guarantees on Behalf of its Consolidated Subsidiaries (1) 
 Deferred compensation arrangements 427 Vehicle leases 75 Other 15 517 FE s Guarantees on Other Assurances Surety Bonds (2) 
 191 Deferred compensation arrangements 111 LOCs 159 461 Total Guarantees and Other Assurances 978 
 (1) During the third quarter of 2023, FE was required by PJM to issue a guarantee to cover non-performance until FE PA is able to provide audited financial statements to PJM, which is expected to occur in early 2025. The guarantee is expected to be immaterial to FE. 
 (2) During the second quarter of 2023, FE was released from its 169 million surety bond to the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection related to the Little Blue Run Disposal Impoundment. 
 
 Collateral and Contingent-Related Features 
 
 In the normal course of business, FE and its subsidiaries may enter into physical or financially settled contracts for the sale and purchase of electric capacity, energy, fuel and emission allowances. Certain agreements contain provisions that require FE or its subsidiaries to post collateral. This collateral may be posted in the form of cash or credit support with thresholds contingent upon FE s or its subsidiaries credit rating from each of the major credit rating agencies. The collateral and credit support requirements vary by contract and by counterparty. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, 160 million of collateral, mainly in the form of LOCs, has been posted by FE or its subsidiaries. FE or its subsidiaries are holding 35 million of net cash collateral as of September 30, 2024, from certain generation suppliers, and such amount is included in Other current liabilities on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 These credit-risk-related contingent features stipulate that if the subsidiary were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating), it would be required to provide additional collateral. The following table discloses the potential additional credit rating contingent contractual collateral obligations as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Potential Collateral Obligations Electric Companies and Transmission Companies 
 FE Total (In millions) Contractual obligations for additional collateral Upon downgrade 66 1 67 Surety bonds (collateralized amount) (1) 
 97 79 176 Total Exposure from Contractual Obligations 163 80 243 
 (1) Surety bonds are not tied to a credit rating. Surety bonds impact assumes maximum contractual obligations, which is ordinarily 100 of the face amount of the surety bond except with respect to 38 million of surety bond obligations for which the collateral obligation is capped at 60 of the face amount, and typical obligations require 30 days to cure. 
 
 MARKET RISK INFORMATION 
 
 FirstEnergy uses various market risk sensitive instruments, including derivative contracts, primarily to manage the risk of price and interest rate fluctuations. FirstEnergy s Enterprise Risk Management Committee, comprised of members of senior management, provides general oversight for risk management activities throughout FirstEnergy. 
 67 

Commodity Price Risk 
 
 FirstEnergy has limited exposure to financial risks resulting from fluctuating commodity prices, such as prices for electricity, coal and energy transmission. FirstEnergy s Risk Management Department and Enterprise Risk Management Committee are responsible for promoting the effective design and implementation of sound risk management programs and overseeing compliance with corporate risk management policies and established risk management practice. 
 
 The valuation of derivative contracts is based on observable market information. As of September 30, 2024, FirstEnergy has a net asset of 8 million in non-hedge derivative contracts that are related to FTRs at certain of the Electric Companies. FTRs are subject to regulatory accounting and do not impact earnings. See Note 6, Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on FirstEnergy s FTRs. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the FirstEnergy pension plan assets were allocated approximately as follows: 25 in equity securities, 23 in fixed income securities, 5 in alternatives, 9 in real estate, 19 in private debt/equity, 8 in derivatives and 11 in cash and short-term securities. As discussed above, FirstEnergy made a 750 million voluntary cash contribution to the qualified pension plan on May 12, 2023. FirstEnergy does not currently expect to have a required contribution to the pension plan until 2028, which based on various assumptions, including an expected rate of return on assets of 8.0 , is expected to be approximately 260 million. However, FirstEnergy may elect to contribute to the pension plan voluntarily. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, FirstEnergy s OPEB plan assets were allocated approximately as follows: 54 in equity securities, 41 in fixed income securities and 5 in cash and short-term securities. See Note 4, Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefits, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on FirstEnergy s pension and OPEB plans. 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, FirstEnergy s OPEB plan assets have gained approximately 12.4 as compared to an annual expected return on plan assets of 7.0 . In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, FirstEnergy s qualified pension plan assets have gained approximately 6.1 as compared to an annual expected return on plan assets of 8.0 . 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 FirstEnergy recognizes net actuarial gains or losses for its pension and OPEB plans in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement. A primary factor contributing to these actuarial gains and losses are changes in the discount rates used to value pension and OPEB obligations as of the measurement date and the difference between expected and actual returns on the plans assets. 
 
 The remaining components of pension and OPEB expense, primarily service costs, interest cost on obligations, expected return on plan assets and amortization of prior service costs, are set at the beginning of the calendar year (unless a remeasurement is triggered) and are recorded on a monthly basis. Changes in asset performance and discount rates will not impact these pension costs for 2024, unless an additional remeasurement were to be triggered during the year, however, future years could be impacted by changes in the market. 
 
 FirstEnergy utilizes a spot rate approach in the estimation of the components of benefit cost by applying specific spot rates along the full yield curve to the relevant projected cash flows. As of September 30, 2024, the spot rate was 5.0 and 4.9 for pension and OPEB obligations, respectively, as compared to 5.05 and 4.97 as of December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The final discount rate and return or loss on plan assets as of the year-end remeasurement date is difficult to predict based on the currently volatile equity markets and interest rate environment. As a result, FirstEnergy is unable to determine or meaningfully project the mark-to-market adjustment, or estimate a reasonable range of adjustment, that will be recorded as of December 31, 2024. 
 
 FirstEnergy s 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities bear interest at fluctuating interest rates, primarily based on SOFR, including term SOFR and daily simple SOFR. FirstEnergy has not hedged its interest rate exposure with respect to its floating rate debt. Accordingly, FirstEnergy s interest expense for any particular period will fluctuate based on SOFR and other variable interest rates. The high interest rate environment has caused the rate and interest expense on borrowings under the various FirstEnergy credit facilities to be significantly higher. 
 
 Economic Conditions 
 
 Post-pandemic economic conditions have stabilized across numerous material categories, but lead times have not returned to pre-pandemic levels. Several key suppliers have seen improvements with labor shortages and raw material availability and FirstEnergy continues to monitor the situation as capacity can be constrained with increased demand. Inflationary pressures have moderated, which has positively impacted the cost of materials, but certain categories have remained elevated. FirstEnergy continues to implement mitigation strategies to address supply constraints and does not expect service disruptions or any 
 68 

material impact on its capital investment plan. However, the situation remains fluid and a prolonged continuation or further increase in supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on FirstEnergy s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 
 CREDIT RISK 
 
 Credit risk is the risk that FirstEnergy would incur a loss as a result of nonperformance by counterparties of their contractual obligations. FirstEnergy maintains risk policies and procedures with respect to counterparty credit (including a requirement that counterparties maintain specified credit ratings) and requires other assurances in the form of credit support or collateral in certain circumstance in order to limit counterparty credit risk. FirstEnergy has concentrations of suppliers and customers among electric companies, financial institutions and energy marketing and trading companies. These concentrations may impact FirstEnergy s overall exposure to credit risk, positively or negatively, as counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions. In the event an energy supplier of the Ohio Companies, FE PA, JCP L or PE defaults on its obligation, the affected company would be required to seek replacement power in the market. In general, subject to regulatory review or other processes, it is expected that appropriate incremental costs incurred by these entities would be recoverable from customers through applicable rate mechanisms, thereby mitigating the financial risk for these entities. FirstEnergy s credit policies to manage credit risk include the use of an established credit approval process, daily credit mitigation provisions, such as margin, prepayment or collateral requirements. FirstEnergy and its subsidiaries may request additional credit assurance, in certain circumstances, in the event that the counterparties credit ratings fall below investment grade, their tangible net worth falls below specified percentages or their exposures exceed an established credit limit. 

OUTLOOK 
 
 INCOME TAXES 
 
 The IRA of 2022, among other things, imposes a new 15 corporate AMT based on AFSI applicable to corporations with a three-year average AFSI over 1 billion. The AMT is effective for the 2023 tax year and, if applicable, corporations must pay the greater of the regular corporate income tax or the AMT. The IRA of 2022 requires the U.S. Treasury to provide regulations and other guidance necessary to administer the AMT, including further defining allowable adjustments to determine AFSI, which directly impacts the amount of AMT to be paid. On September 12, 2024, the U.S. Treasury issued proposed regulations for the AMT for comment. The U.S. Treasury will issue final regulations after it has reviewed comments and held a public hearing on the proposed regulations, which is not expected to occur until next year. Although FirstEnergy is assessing the proposed regulations, it continues to believe that it is more likely than not that it will be subject to AMT going forward, however, the completion of the U.S. Treasury s rulemaking process and the future issuance of final regulations could significantly change FirstEnergy s AMT estimates or its conclusion as to whether it is an AMT payer at all. Additionally, the regulatory treatment of the impacts of this legislation may also be subject to regulation by FERC and/or applicable state regulatory authorities. Any adverse development in this legislation, including guidance from the U.S. Treasury and/or the IRS or unfavorable regulatory treatment, could negatively impact FirstEnergy s cash flows, results of operations, and financial condition. As further discussed below, FirstEnergy expects to pay regular federal corporate income tax in 2024, due in large part to the gain realized from closing the FET Equity Interest Sale. 
 
 As discussed above, on March 25, 2024, FirstEnergy closed on the FET Equity Interest Sale, realizing an approximate 7.3 billion tax gain from the combined sale of 49.9 of the membership interests in FET for the consideration received and recapture of negative tax basis in FET. In the first quarter of 2024, FirstEnergy recognized a net tax charge of approximately 46 million, comprised of updates to estimated deferred tax liability for the deferred gain from the 19.9 sale of FET in May 2022, deferred tax liability related to its ongoing investment in FET, and valuation allowance associated with the expected utilization of certain state NOL carryforwards impacted by the sale and the PA Consolidation. During the first quarter of 2024, FirstEnergy also recognized a reduction to OPIC of approximately 797 million for federal and state income tax associated with the tax gain from closing on the FET Equity Interest Sale. As of December 31, 2023, FirstEnergy had approximately 8.1 billion of gross federal NOL carryforwards that will be used to offset a majority of the tax gain from the FET Equity Interest Sale and expected taxable income in 2024, however, due to certain limitations on NOL utilization enacted in the Tax Act, FirstEnergy expects that a portion of the NOL will carry into 2025 and possibly beyond. As a result of the FET Equity Interest Sale, FET and its subsidiaries deconsolidated from FirstEnergy s consolidated federal income tax group and now constitute their own consolidated federal income tax group subject to their own income tax allocation agreement. 
 
 Due to a private letter ruling recently issued by the IRS to an unaffiliated utility company, FirstEnergy is evaluating the potential requirement to transition certain of its Electric Companies and Transmission Companies to stand-alone treatment of NOL carryforwards for ratemaking purposes. Currently, none of FirstEnergy s Electric Companies or Transmission Companies have transitioned to stand-alone treatment. FirstEnergy expects that if and where transitioning is required, those impacted Electric Companies and Transmission Companies will make the appropriate regulatory filing(s) in their applicable jurisdiction to include the NOL carryforward deferred tax asset in rate base and revenue requirement, which could have a material, favorable impact on future net income. 
 
 69 

STATE REGULATION 
 
 Each of the Electric Companies retail rates, conditions of service, issuance of securities and other matters are subject to regulation in the states in which it operates - in Maryland by the MDPSC, in New Jersey by the NJBPU, in Ohio by the PUCO, in Pennsylvania by the PPUC, in West Virginia by the WVPSC and in New York by the NYPSC. The transmission operations of PE and TrAIL in Virginia, ATSI in Ohio, the Transmission Companies in Pennsylvania, PE and MP in West Virginia, and PE in Maryland are subject to certain regulations of the VSCC, PUCO, PPUC, WVPSC, and MDPSC, respectively. In addition, under Ohio law, municipalities may regulate rates of a public utility, subject to appeal to the PUCO if not acceptable to the utility. Further, if any of the FirstEnergy affiliates were to engage in the construction of significant new transmission facilities, depending on the state, they may be required to obtain state regulatory authorization to site, construct and operate the new transmission facility. 
 
 MARYLAND 
 
 PE operates under MDPSC approved base rates that were effective as of October 19, 2023, and that were subsequently modified by an MDPSC order dated January 3, 2024, which became effective as of March 1, 2024. PE also provides SOS pursuant to a combination of settlement agreements, MDPSC orders and regulations, and statutory provisions. SOS supply is competitively procured in the form of rolling contracts of varying lengths through periodic auctions that are overseen by the MDPSC and a third-party monitor. Although settlements with respect to SOS supply for PE customers have expired, service continues in the same manner until changed by order of the MDPSC. PE recovers its costs plus a return for providing SOS. 
 
 The EmPOWER Maryland program previously required each electric utility to file a plan to reduce electric consumption and demand 0.2 per year, up to the ultimate goal of 2 annual savings. The passage of the Climate Solutions Now Act of 2022 modified the annual incremental energy efficiency targets to 2 per year from 2022 through 2024, 2.25 per year in 2025 and 2026, and 2.5 per year in 2027 and thereafter. On August 1, 2023, PE filed its proposed plan for the 2024-2026 cycle as required by the MDPSC. Additionally at the direction of the MDPSC, PE together with other Maryland utilities were required to address GHG reductions in addition to energy efficiency. In compliance with the MDPSC directive, PE submitted three scenarios with projected costs over a three-year cycle of 311 million, 354 million, and 510 million, respectively. The MDPSC conducted hearings on the proposed plans for all Maryland utilities on November 6-8, 2023. On December 29, 2023, the MDPSC issued an order approving the 311 million scenario for most programs, with some modifications. On August 15, 2024, in accordance with the MDPSC directive, PE filed a revised plan for the remainder of the 2024-2026 cycle to comply with refined GHG reduction targets with a total budget of 314 million. Hearings were held regarding the revised plan on October 22-24, 2024. An MDPSC order regarding PE s revised plan remains pending. PE recovers EmPOWER program costs with a return on unamortized balances through an annually reconciled surcharge, with certain costs subject to recovery over a five-year amortization period. Maryland law only allows for the utility to recover lost distribution revenue attributable to energy efficiency or demand reduction programs through a base rate case proceeding. Consistent with a December 29, 2022, order by the MDPSC phasing out the unamortized balances of EmPOWER investments, PE is required to expense 33 of its EmPOWER program costs in 2024, 67 in 2025, and 100 in 2026 and beyond. Notwithstanding the order to phase out the unamortized balances of EmPOWER investments, all previously unamortized costs for prior cycles were to be collected by the end of 2029, consistent with the plan PE submitted on January 11, 2023. In the 2024-2026 order issued on December 29, 2023, the period to pay down the unamortized balances was extended through the end of 2030. On February 21, 2024, the MDPSC approved PE s tariff to recover costs in 2024 but directed PE to analyze alternative amortization methods for possible use in later years. New legislation signed into law on May 9, 2024, and effective July 1, 2024, is expected to reduce the return on the EmPOWER unamortized balances for PE by a total of 25 to 30 million over the period of 2024-2030. On July 31, 2024, the MDPSC issued an order implementing revised EmPOWER surcharge rates for PE in accordance with the new law and denying PE s request for a hearing that sought to challenge certain portions of the law. On August 30, 2024, PE filed a petition seeking judicial review of the law. 
 
 NEW JERSEY 
 
 JCP L operates under NJBPU approved rates that took effect as of February 15, 2024, and became effective for customers as of June 1, 2024. JCP L provides BGS for retail customers who do not choose a third-party EGS and for customers of third- party EGSs that fail to provide the contracted service. All New Jersey EDCs participate in this competitive BGS procurement process and recover BGS costs directly from customers as a charge separate from base rates. 
 
 The base rate increase approved by the NJBPU on February 14, 2024, took effect on February 15, 2024, and became effective for customers on June 1, 2024. Until those new rates became effective for customers, JCP L was amortizing an existing regulatory liability totaling approximately 18 million to offset the base rate increase that otherwise would have occurred in this period. Under the base rate case settlement agreement, JCP L also agreed to a two-phase reliability improvement plan to enhance the reliability related to 18 high-priority circuits, the first phase of which began on February 14, 2024, and represents an approximate investment of 95 million. Additionally, JCP L recognized a 53 million pre-tax charge in the first quarter 2024 at the Integrated segment within Other operating expenses on the FirstEnergy Consolidated Statements of Income, associated with certain corporate support costs recorded to capital accounts from the FERC Audit that were determined, as a result of the settlement agreement, to be disallowed from future recovery. 
 
 70 

JCP L has implemented energy efficiency and peak demand reduction programs in accordance with the New Jersey Clean Energy Act as approved by the NJBPU in April 2021. The NJBPU approved plans include recovery of lost revenues resulting from the programs and a three-year plan (July 2021-June 2024) including total program costs of 203 million, of which 160 million of investment is recovered over a ten-year amortization period with a return as well as 43 million in operations and maintenance expenses and financing costs recovered on an annual basis. On May 22, 2024, the NJBPU approved JCP L s request for a six-month extension of the EE C Plan I, to December 31, 2024. The budget for the extension period adds approximately 69 million to the original program cost and JCP L will recover the costs of the extension period and the revenue impact of sales losses resulting therefrom through two separate tariff riders. On December 1, 2023, JCP L filed a related petition with the NJBPU requesting approval of its EE C Plan II, which covers the January 1, 2025 through June 30, 2027 period and has a proposed budget of approximately 964 million. EE C Plan II consists of a portfolio of ten energy efficiency programs, one peak demand reduction program and one building decarbonization program. Under the proposal, JCP L would recover its EE C Plan II revenue requirements and lost revenues from reduced electricity sales associated with EE C Plan II. Public hearings were held on June 11, 2024, and the parties are currently engaged in settlement discussions. On July 1, 2024, the NJBPU suspended the procedural schedule. A final NJBPU decision and order was required no later than October 15, 2024, however, the parties submitted a stipulation to extend this deadline to October 31, 2024, which was approved on October 15, 2024. On October 18, 2024, the parties entered into and filed with the NJBPU a stipulation of settlement, wherein the parties agreed to a budget of approximately 817 million for EE C Plan II, including 784 million of investments that will earn a return on equity of 9.6 , with an equity ratio of 52 , and be recovered over 10 years. 
 
 The settlement of the distribution rate case in 2020, provided among other things, that JCP L would be subject to a management audit, which began in May 2021. On April 12, 2023, the NJBPU accepted the final management audit report for filing purposes and ordered that interested stakeholders file comments on the report by May 22, 2023, which deadline was extended until July 31, 2023. JCP L and one other party filed comments on July 31, 2023. 
 
 On September 17, 2021, in connection with Mid-Atlantic Offshore Development, LLC, a transmission company jointly owned by Shell New Energies US and EDF Renewables North America, JCP L submitted a proposal to the NJBPU and PJM to build transmission infrastructure connecting offshore wind-generated electricity to the New Jersey power grid. On October 26, 2022, the JCP L proposal was accepted, in part, in an order issued by NJBPU. The proposal, as accepted, included approximately 723 million in investments for JCP L to both build new and upgrade existing transmission infrastructure. JCP L s proposal projects an investment ROE of 10.2 and includes the option for JCP L to acquire up to a 20 equity stake in Mid-Atlantic Offshore Development, LLC. The resulting rates associated with the project are expected to be shared among the ratepayers of all New Jersey electric utilities. On April 17, 2023, JCP L applied for the FERC abandonment transmission rates incentive, which would provide for recovery of 100 of the cancelled prudent project costs that are incurred after the incentive is approved, and 50 of the costs incurred prior to that date, in the event that some or all of the project is cancelled for reasons beyond JCP L s control. On August 21, 2023, FERC approved JCP L s application, effective August 22, 2023. On October 31, 2023, offshore wind developer, Orsted, announced plans to cease development of two offshore wind projects in New Jersey Ocean Wind 1 and 2 having a combined planned capacity of 2,248 MWs. Orsted s cancellation does not affect JCP L s awarded projects and JCP L is moving forward with preconstruction activities for the planned transmission infrastructure. Construction is expected to begin in 2025. 
 
 Consistent with the commitments made in its proposal to the NJBPU, JCP L formally submitted in November 2023 the first part of its application to the DOE to finance a substantial portion of the project using low-interest rate loans available under the DOE s Energy Infrastructure Reinvestment Program of the IRA of 2022. JCP L submitted the second part of its two-part application on March 13, 2024, which was approved on May 17, 2024. The DOE Loan Program Office has initiated a due diligence review of the application, during which period the DOE and JCP L will continue to negotiate the terms of the loan. 
 
 On November 9, 2023, JCP L filed a petition for approval of its EnergizeNJ with the NJBPU that would, among other things, support grid modernization, system resiliency and substation modernization in technologies designed to provide enhanced customer benefits. JCP L proposes EnergizeNJ will be implemented over a five-year budget period with estimated costs of approximately 935 million over the deployment period, of which, 906 million is capital investments and 29 million is operating and maintenance expenses. Under the proposal, the capital costs of EnergizeNJ would be recovered through JCP L s base rates via annual and semi-annual base rate adjustment filings. The 2023 base rate case stipulation that was filed on February 2, 2024, necessitated amendments to the EnergizeNJ program. On February 14, 2024, the NJBPU approved the stipulated settlement between JCP L and various parties, resolving JCP L s request for a distribution base rate increase. On February 27, 2024, as part of the stipulated settlement, JCP L amended its pending EnergizeNJ petition following receipt of NJBPU approval of the base rate case settlement, to remove the high-priority circuits that are to be addressed in the first phase of its reliability improvement plan and to include the second phase of its reliability improvement plan that is expected to further address certain high-priority circuits that require additional upgrades. EnergizeNJ, if approved as amended, will result in the investment of approximately 930.5 million of total estimated costs over five years. JCP L and various parties are engaged in settlement discussions with respect to the pending EnergizeNJ petition. 
 
 OHIO 
 
 The Ohio Companies operate under PUCO-approved base distribution rates that became effective in 2009. The Ohio Companies operated under ESP IV through May 31, 2024, which provided for the supply of power to non-shopping customers at a market- 
 71 

based price set through an auction process. ESP IV also continued the DCR rider, which supports continued investment related to the distribution system for the benefit of customers, with revenue cap increases of 15 million per year through May 31, 2024. In addition, ESP IV includes: (1) continuation of a base distribution rate freeze through May 31, 2024; (2) a goal across FirstEnergy to reduce CO2 emissions by 90 below 2005 levels by 2045; and (3) contributions, totaling 51 million to: (a) fund energy conservation programs, economic development and job retention in the Ohio Companies service territories; (b) establish a fuel-fund in each of the Ohio Companies service territories to assist low-income customers; and (c) establish a Customer Advisory Council to ensure preservation and growth of the competitive market in Ohio. Since June 1, 2024, the Ohio Companies have operated under ESP V, as modified by the PUCO, and as further described below. On October 29, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed notice of their intent to withdraw ESP V and proposed the terms under which they would resume operating under ESP IV. The Ohio Companies application is subject to PUCO review and approval. 
 
 On April 5, 2023, the Ohio Companies filed an application with the PUCO for approval of ESP V, for an eight-year term beginning June 1, 2024, and continuing through May 31, 2032. On May 15, 2024, the PUCO issued an order approving ESP V with modifications. ESP V, as modified by the PUCO, became effective June 1, 2024 and continues through May 31, 2029, and provides for, among other things, the continuation of existing riders related to purchased power, transmission and uncollectibles, the continuation of the DCR rider with proposed annual revenue cap increases until new base rates are established, the continuation of the AMI rider, and the addition of new riders for storm recovery and vegetation management, with terms and conditions to be established in the base rate case. The ESP V order additionally directed the Ohio Companies to file another base distribution rate case not later than May 31, 2028, develop an electric vehicle education program to assist customers in transitioning to electric vehicles and contribute 32.5 million during the term of ESP V to fund low-income customer bill assistance programs and bill assistance for income-eligible senior citizens, which was recognized in the second quarter of 2024 within Other operating expenses at the Regulated Distribution segment and on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Statements of Income. On June 14, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed an Application for Rehearing seeking greater certainty regarding the key terms of ESP V over the approved term and proposed modifications to the May 15, 2024 order. The Ohio Companies also proposed modifications to ESP V to resolve their Application for Rehearing including, among other things, a reduced three-year ESP V term, approval of certain riders over the full three-year proposed ESP V term, full recovery of investments in the DCR and proposed modifications to preserve the economic value of the order for customers, including a commitment to forego pursuit of the Ohio Companies' request for an enhanced vegetation management program in the 2024 base distribution rate case. Other parties also filed applications for rehearing. As the PUCO did not rule on any applications for rehearing within 30 days of filing, all applications for rehearing were denied by operation of law. Due to the risks and uncertainty resulting from the Ohio Companies application for rehearing being denied by operation of law, on October 29, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed a notice of their intent to withdraw ESP V and proposed the terms under which they would resume operating under ESP IV. The Ohio Companies application is subject to PUCO review and approval. The Ohio Companies expect to file an application with the PUCO for ESP VI by early next year in an effort to align with the ongoing base distribution rate case proceedings. 
 
 On May 31, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed their application for an increase in base distribution rates based on a 2024 calendar year test period. The Ohio Companies requested a net increase in base distribution revenues of approximately 94 million with a return on equity of 10.8 and capital structures of 44 debt and 56 equity for CEI, 46 debt and 54 equity for OE, and 45 debt and 55 equity for TE, which reflects a roll-in of current riders such as DCR and AMI. Key components of the base rate case filing include a proposal to change pension and OPEB recovery to the delayed recognition method and to implement a mechanism to establish a regulatory asset (or liability) to recover (or refund) net differences between the amount of pension and OPEB expense requested in the proceeding and the actual annual amount each year using this method. Additionally, the Ohio Companies request recovery of certain incurred costs, including the impact of major storms, a program to convert streetlights to LEDs, and others. On June 14, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed supporting testimony. On July 31, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed an update that adjusted the net increase in base distribution revenues to approximately 190 million and incorporated matters in the rate case as directed by the PUCO s ESP V order. The Ohio Companies would expect to update their application for an increase in base distribution rates after the PUCO issues its order with respect to the Ohio Companies withdrawal of ESP V. 
 
 On May 16, 2022, the Ohio Companies filed their application for determination of the existence of SEET under ESP IV for calendar year 2021, which demonstrated that each of the individual Ohio Companies did not have significantly excessive earnings. On May 15, 2023, the Ohio Companies filed their application for determination of the existence of SEET under ESP IV for calendar year 2022, which demonstrated that each of the individual Ohio Companies did not have significantly excessive earnings. On May 15, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed their application for determination of the existence of SEET under ESP IV for calendar year 2023, which demonstrated that each of the individual Ohio Companies did not have significantly excessive earnings. These matters remain pending before the PUCO. 
 
 On July 15, 2022, the Ohio Companies filed an application with the PUCO for approval of phase two of their distribution grid modernization plan that would, among other things, provide for the installation of an additional 700 thousand smart meters, distribution automation equipment on approximately 240 distribution circuits, voltage regulating equipment on approximately 220 distribution circuits, and other investments and pilot programs in related technologies designed to provide enhanced customer benefits. The Ohio Companies propose that phase two will be implemented over a four-year budget period with estimated capital investments of approximately 626 million and operations and maintenance expenses of approximately 144 million over the deployment period. Under the proposal, costs of phase two of the grid modernization plan would be recovered through the Ohio Companies AMI rider, pursuant to the terms and conditions approved in ESP IV. On April 12, 2024, the Ohio Companies and 
 72 

certain of the parties filed a stipulation that modified the Ohio Companies application for phase two of its grid modernization plan. The stipulation, which is subject to PUCO approval, provides for the deployment of smart meters to the balance of the Ohio Companies customers or approximately 1.4 million meters. Phase two of the distribution grid modernization plan, as modified by the stipulation would be completed over a four-year budget period with estimated capital investments of approximately 421 million. On April 15, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed a motion to consolidate their phase two distribution grid modernization plan proceeding with three audit proceedings pending before the PUCO, which was granted on May 23, 2024. Evidentiary hearings began on June 5, 2024 and concluded on July 2, 2024. 
 
 On September 8, 2020, the OCC filed motions in the Ohio Companies corporate separation audit and DMR audit dockets, requesting the PUCO to open an investigation and management audit, hire an independent auditor, and require FirstEnergy to show it did not improperly use money collected from consumers or violate any utility regulatory laws, rules or orders in its activities regarding HB 6. On December 30, 2020, in response to the OCC's motion, the PUCO reopened the DMR audit docket, and directed PUCO staff to solicit a third-party auditor and conduct a full review of the DMR to ensure funds collected from customers through the DMR were only used for the purposes established in ESP IV. On June 2, 2021, the PUCO selected an auditor, and the auditor filed the final audit report on January 14, 2022, which made certain findings and recommendations. The report found that spending of DMR revenues was not required to be tracked, and that DMR revenues, like all rider revenues, are placed into the regulated money pool as a matter of routine, where the funds lose their identity. Therefore, the report could not suggest that DMR funds were used definitively for direct or indirect support for grid modernization. The report also concluded that there was no documented evidence that ties revenues from the DMR to lobbying for the passage of HB 6, but also could not rule out with certainty uses of DMR funds to support the passage of HB 6. The report further recommended that the regulated companies' money pool be audited more frequently and the Ohio Companies adopt formal dividend policies. Final comments and responses were filed by parties during the second quarter of 2022. The proceeding was stayed in its entirety, including discovery and motions, continuously at the request of the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio beginning in August 2022 and was lifted on February 26, 2024. On February 26, 2024, the Attorney Examiner consolidated this proceeding with the expanded DCR rider audit proceeding described below. Evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin February 3, 2025. 
 
 On September 15, 2020, the PUCO opened a new proceeding to review the political and charitable spending by the Ohio Companies in support of HB 6 and the subsequent referendum effort, and directed the Ohio Companies to show cause, demonstrating that the costs of any political or charitable spending in support of HB 6, or the subsequent referendum effort, were not included, directly or indirectly, in any rates or charges paid by customers. The Ohio Companies initially filed a response stating that the costs of any political or charitable spending in support of HB 6, or the subsequent referendum effort, were not included, directly or indirectly, in any rates or charges paid by customers, but on August 6, 2021, filed a supplemental response explaining that, in light of the facts set forth in the DPA and the findings of the DCR rider audit report further discussed below, political or charitable spending in support of HB 6, or the subsequent referendum effort, affected pole attachment rates paid by approximately 15 thousand. On October 26, 2021, the OCC filed a motion requesting the PUCO to order an independent external audit to investigate FE s political and charitable spending related to HB 6, and to appoint an independent review panel to retain and oversee the auditor. In November and December 2021, parties filed comments and reply comments regarding the Ohio Companies original and supplemental responses to the PUCO s September 15, 2020, show cause directive. On May 4, 2022, the PUCO selected a third-party auditor to determine whether the show cause demonstration submitted by the Ohio Companies is sufficient to ensure that the cost of any political or charitable spending in support of HB 6 or the subsequent referendum effort was not included, directly or indirectly, in any rates or charges paid by ratepayers. The proceeding was stayed in its entirety, including discovery and motions, continuously at the request of the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio beginning in August 2022 and was lifted on February 26, 2024. On September 30, 2024, the third-party auditor s report was filed. The audit examined 53 payments totaling approximately 75 million made in support of the passage of HB 6 and subsequent referendum efforts, and concluded that less than 5 million was allocated to the Ohio Companies. The audit report affirmed the Ohio Companies conclusion in its August 6, 2021 filing that a rate impact of less than 15 thousand was charged to the Ohio Companies pole attachment customers associated with political and charitable spending in support of HB 6. On October 22, 2024, parties filed comments on the audit report. 
 
 In connection with an ongoing audit of the Ohio Companies policies and procedures relating to the code of conduct rules between affiliates, on November 4, 2020, the PUCO initiated an additional corporate separation audit as a result of the FirstEnergy leadership transition announcement made on October 29, 2020, as further discussed below. The additional audit is to ensure compliance by the Ohio Companies and their affiliates with corporate separation laws and the Ohio Companies corporate separation plan. The additional audit is for the period from November 2016 through October 2020. The final audit report was filed on September 13, 2021. The audit report makes no findings of major non-compliance with Ohio corporate separation requirements, minor non-compliance with eight requirements, and findings of compliance with 23 requirements. Parties filed comments and reply comments on the audit report. The proceeding was stayed in its entirety, including discovery and motions, continuously at the request of the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio beginning in August 2022 and was lifted on February 26, 2024. On September 20, 2024, intervenors filed testimony recommending fines for alleged violations of the Ohio corporate separation requirements. Evidentiary hearings were held on October 9 and 10, 2024; the scope of the hearings excluded allegations involving activities related to the passage of HB 6 and the former PUCO chairman, which will be addressed at a later time. To the extent the PUCO ultimately accepts the intervenors recommendations and issues a fine to the Ohio Companies, FirstEnergy does not expect any such fine to be material to FirstEnergy. 
 
 73 

On September 3, 2024, the Ohio Companies filed an application to amend their corporate separation plan to incorporate certain recommendations from prior audit reports, which include, but are not limited to, improving non-regulated competitive employees physical space and access to data, updating and implementing a process to annually review the cost allocation manual, developing state specific codes of conduct practices, and implementing additional training related to the cost allocation manual and the state codes of conduct. On October 24, 2024, the administrative law judge issued an entry suspending automatic approval of the amended corporate separation plan and establishing a procedural schedule. 
 
 In connection with an ongoing annual audit of the Ohio Companies DCR rider for 2020, and as a result of disclosures in FirstEnergy s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (filed on February 18, 2021), the PUCO expanded the scope of the audit on March 10, 2021, to include a review of certain transactions that were either improperly classified, misallocated, or lacked supporting documentation, and to determine whether funds collected from customers were used to pay the vendors, and if so, whether or not the funds associated with those payments should be returned to customers through the DCR rider or through an alternative proceeding. On August 3, 2021, the auditor filed its final report on this phase of the audit, and the parties submitted comments and reply comments on this audit report in October 2021. Additionally, on September 29, 2021, the PUCO expanded the scope of the audit in this proceeding to determine if the costs of the naming rights for FirstEnergy Stadium have been recovered from the Ohio Companies customers. On November 19, 2021, the auditor filed its final report, in which the auditor concluded that the FirstEnergy Stadium naming rights expenses were not recovered from Ohio customers. On December 15, 2021, the PUCO further expanded the scope of the audit to include an investigation into an apparent nondisclosure of a side agreement in the Ohio Companies ESP IV settlement proceedings, but stayed its expansion of the audit until otherwise ordered by the PUCO. The proceeding was stayed in its entirety, including discovery and motions, continuously at the request of the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio beginning in August 2022 and was lifted on February 26, 2024. On February 26, 2024, the Attorney Examiner consolidated this proceeding with the Rider DMR audit proceeding described above, and further lifted the stay of the portion of the investigation relating to an apparent nondisclosure of a side agreement. Evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin February 3, 2025. 
 
 On March 1, 2024, the Attorney Examiner issued an Entry in all four PUCO investigations that, among other things, precluded taking or offering the testimony of Charles E. Jones, Michael J. Dowling, or the now-deceased, former chairman of the PUCO through deposition or other means, or requiring these individuals to produce documents, in any PUCO proceeding, until otherwise ordered. 
 
 On September 22, 2023, OCC filed an application for rehearing challenging the PUCO s August 23, 2023, order to stay the pending HB 6 related matters above, which the PUCO denied on October 18, 2023. On November 17, 2023, OCC filed an application for rehearing challenging the October 18, 2023 entry to the extent the PUCO decided not to stay pending proceedings regarding ESP V as well as phases one and two of the Ohio Companies distribution grid modernization plans. On November 27, 2023, the Ohio Companies filed a memorandum contra OCC s application for rehearing. As the PUCO did not rule on OCC s November 17, 2023 application for rehearing within 30 days of filing, the application for rehearing was denied by operation of law. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, motions were filed with the PUCO requesting that the PUCO amend the Ohio Companies riders for collecting the OVEC-related charges required by HB 6 to provide for refunds in the event such provisions of HB 6 are repealed. Neither the Ohio Companies nor FE benefit from the OVEC-related charges the Ohio Companies collect. Instead, the Ohio Companies are further required by HB 6 to remit all the OVEC-related charges they collect to non-FE Ohio electric distribution utilities. The Ohio Companies contested the motions, which are pending before the PUCO. 
 
 See below for additional details on the government investigations and ongoing litigation surrounding the investigation of HB 6. 
 
 PENNSYLVANIA 
 
 The Pennsylvania Companies operated under rates approved by the PPUC, effective as of January 27, 2017. On January 1, 2024, each of the Pennsylvania Companies merged with and into FE PA. As a result of the PA Consolidation, FE PA will have five rate districts in Pennsylvania four that correspond to the territories previously serviced by ME, PN, Penn, and WP and one rate district that corresponds to WP s service provided to The Pennsylvania State University. The rate districts created by the PA Consolidation will not reach full rate unity until the earlier of 2033 or the conclusion of three base rate cases filed after January 1, 2025. 
 
 Pursuant to Pennsylvania Act 129 of 2008 and PPUC orders, the Pennsylvania Companies implemented energy efficiency and peak demand reduction programs with demand reduction targets, relative to 2007-2008 peak demands, at 2.9 MW for ME, 3.3 MW for PN, 2.0 MW for Penn, and 2.5 MW for WP; and energy consumption reduction targets, as a percentage of the Pennsylvania Companies historic 2009 to 2010 reference load at 3.1 MWh for ME, 3.0 MWh for PN, 2.7 MWh for Penn, and 2.4 MWh for WP. The fourth phase of FE PA s energy efficiency and peak demand reduction program, which runs for the five-year period beginning June 1, 2021 through May 31, 2026, was approved by the PPUC on June 18, 2020, providing through cost recovery of approximately 390 million to be recovered through Energy Efficiency and Conservation Phase IV Riders for each FE PA rate district. 
 
 74 

Pennsylvania EDCs are permitted to seek PPUC approval of an LTIIP for accelerated infrastructure improvements and costs related to highway relocation projects, after which a DSIC may be approved to recover LTIIP costs. On January 16, 2020, the PPUC approved the Pennsylvania Companies LTIIPs for the five-year period beginning January 1, 2020 and ending December 31, 2024 for a total capital investment of approximately 572 million for certain infrastructure improvement initiatives. On July 22, 2024, FE PA filed its application with the PPUC seeking approval for the next phase of its LTIIP program, which is expected to result in approximately 1.6 billion in investments, with approximately 1.4 billion of such investments going in service during the five-year period beginning January 1, 2025 and ending December 31, 2029. 
 
 On May 5, 2023, FirstEnergy and Brookfield submitted applications to FERC and to the PPUC to facilitate the FET Equity Interest Sale. On May 12, 2023, the parties also filed an application with the VSCC, which was approved on June 20, 2023. On August 14, 2023, FERC issued an order approving the FET Equity Interest Sale. On November 24, 2023, CFIUS notified FET, Brookfield and the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, as an indirect investor in FET through Brookfield, that it had determined that there were no unresolved national security issues and its review of the transaction was concluded. On November 29, 2023, the parties filed a settlement agreement recommending that the PPUC approve the transaction subject to the terms of the settlement, which includes among other things, a number of ring-fencing provisions and a commitment to improve transmission reliability over the next five years. The settlement was approved by the PPUC on March 14, 2024. The transaction closed on March 25, 2024. 
 
 On April 2, 2024, FE PA filed a base rate case with the PPUC, based on a projected 2025 annual test year. The rate case requests a net increase in base distribution revenues of approximately 502 million with a return on equity of 11.3 and capital structure of 46.2 debt and 53.8 equity, and reflects a roll-in of several current riders such as DSIC, Tax Act and smart meter. The increase represents an overall net average rate increase in FE PA rates by approximately 7.7 , and a 10.5 average residential rate increase. Key components of the base rate case filing include a proposal to change pension recovery from average cash contributions to the delayed recognition method and to implement a mechanism to establish a regulatory asset (or liability) to recover (or refund) net differences between the amount of pension expense requested in the proceeding and the actual annual amount each year using this method. Additionally, FE PA requested an enhanced ten-year vegetation management program and recovery of certain incurred costs, including major storms, COVID-19, a program to convert streetlights to LEDs, and others. On September 13, 2024, FE PA and the active parties to the proceeding filed a joint settlement agreement requesting that the administrative law judges to approve FE PA s requested distribution base rate case increase subject to the terms and conditions of the settlement, which includes, among other things, an annual net revenue increase of 225 million. Other key components of the settlement agreement include recovery of costs incurred for storms and COVID-19, additional cost recovery of ongoing storm costs, inspection and maintenance of overhead lines and transformers, and rate case expenses, as well as an enhanced vegetation management program. On October 15, 2024, the administrative law judges issued a decision recommending that the PPUC approve, without modification, the September 13, 2024 settlement agreement. The settlement agreement is pending PPUC approval. A PPUC decision is expected in December 2024, with new rates becoming effective in January 2025. 
 
 WEST VIRGINIA 
 
 MP and PE provide electric service to all customers through traditional cost-based, regulated utility ratemaking and operate under WVPSC-approved rates. MP and PE recover net power supply costs, including fuel costs, purchased power costs and related expenses, net of related market sales revenue through the ENEC. MP s and PE s ENEC rate is typically updated annually. 
 
 On August 31, 2023, MP and PE filed with the WVPSC their annual ENEC case requesting an increase in ENEC rates of 167.5 million beginning January 1, 2024, which represented a 9.9 increase in overall rates. This increase, which was driven primarily by higher fuel expenses, included the approximate 92 million carried over from the 2022 ENEC proceeding and a portion of the approximately 267 million under recovery balance at the end of the review period (July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023). The remaining 75.6 million of the under recovery balance not recovered in 2024 was to be deferred for collection during 2025, with an annual carrying charge of 4 . A hearing was held on November 30, 2023, at which time a joint stipulation for settlement that was agreed to by all but one party was presented to the WVPSC. The settlement provided for a net 55.4 million increase in ENEC rates beginning March 27, 2024 with the net deferred ENEC balance of approximately 184 million to be recovered from 2025 through 2026. There will be no 2024 ENEC case unless MP and PE over or under recover by more than 50 million from January through June 2024 and a party elects to invoke a case filing, neither of which occurred. An order was issued on March 26, 2024 approving the settlement without modification and rates became effective on March 27, 2024. MP and PE will file their next ENEC filing on or before September 1, 2025. 
 
 On April 21, 2022, the WVPSC issued an order approving, effective May 1, 2022, a tariff to offer solar power on a voluntary basis to West Virginia customers and requiring MP and PE to subscribe at least 85 of the planned 50 MWs of solar generation before seeking approval for surcharge cost recovery. MP and PE must seek separate approval from the WVPSC to recover any solar generation costs in excess of the approved solar power tariff. On April 24, 2023, MP and PE sought approval for surcharge cost recovery from the WVPSC for three of the five solar sites, representing 30 MWs of generation. On August 23, 2023, the WVPSC approved the customer surcharge and granted approval to construct three of the five solar sites. The surcharge went into effect January 1, 2024. The first solar generation site went into service in January 2024 and the second solar generation site went into 
 75 

service in September 2024. Construction of the remaining sites are expected to be completed by the end of 2025 at a total investment cost of approximately 110 million. 
 
 On January 13, 2023, MP and PE filed a request with the WVPSC seeking approval of new depreciation rates for existing and future capital assets. Specifically, MP and PE were seeking to increase depreciation expense by approximately 76 million per year, primarily for regulated generation-related assets. Any depreciation rates approved by the WVPSC would not become effective until new base rates were established. On August 22, 2023, a unanimous settlement of the case was filed recommending a 33 million per year increase in depreciation expense, effective April 1, 2024. An order from the WVPSC was issued on March 26, 2024 approving the settlement without modification and new depreciation rates became effective on April 1, 2024. 
 
 On May 31, 2023, MP and PE filed a base rate case with the WVPSC requesting a total revenue increase of approximately 207 million utilizing a test year of 2022 with adjustments plus a request to establish a regulatory asset (or liability) to recover (or refund) in a subsequent base rate case the net differences between the amount of pension and OPEB expense requested in the proceeding (based on average expense from 2018 to 2022) and the actual annual amount each year using the delayed recognition method. Among other things, the increase included the approximate 75 million requested in a depreciation case filed on January 13, 2023 and described above, and amounts to support a new low-income customer advocacy program, storm restoration work and service reliability investments. On January 23, 2024, MP, PE and various parties filed a joint settlement agreement with the WVPSC, which recommended a base rate increase of 105 million, inclusive of the 33 million increase in depreciation expense, but deferred issues related to a change in the net energy metering credit. Additionally, the settlement included a new low-income customer advocacy program, a pilot program for service reliability investments and recovery of costs related to storm restoration, retired generation assets and COVID-19. The settlement did not include the request to establish a regulatory asset (or liability) for recovery (or refund) associated with pension and OPEB expense, however, it did not preclude MP and PE from pursuing that in a future separate proceeding. On February 16, 2024, interested parties filed a settlement on the net energy metering credit for consideration by the WVPSC. An order was issued on March 26, 2024 approving the 105 million increase and accepting the settlements with slight non-material modifications with new rates going into effect on March 27, 2024. Additionally, due to the order including approval by the WVPSC to recover certain costs associated with retired generation assets, MP recognized a 60 million pre-tax benefit in the first quarter of 2024 to establish a regulatory asset. 
 
 FERC REGULATORY MATTERS 
 
 Under the Federal Power Act, FERC regulates rates for interstate wholesale sales and transmission of electric power, regulatory accounting and reporting under the Uniform System of Accounts, and other matters, including construction and operation of hydroelectric projects. With respect to their wholesale services and rates, the Electric Companies, AE Supply and the Transmission Companies are subject to regulation by FERC. FERC regulations require JCP L, MP, PE and the Transmission Companies to provide open access transmission service at FERC-approved rates, terms and conditions. Transmission facilities of JCP L, MP, PE and the Transmission Companies are subject to functional control by PJM and transmission service using their transmission facilities is provided by PJM under the PJM Tariff. On January 1, 2024, WP transferred certain of its Pennsylvania-based transmission assets to KATCo. 
 
 FERC regulates the sale of power for resale in interstate commerce in part by granting authority to public utilities to sell wholesale power at market-based rates upon showing that the seller cannot exert market power in generation or transmission or erect barriers to entry into markets. The Electric Companies and AE Supply each have the necessary authorization from FERC to sell their wholesale power, if any, in interstate commerce at market-based rates, although in the case of the Electric Companies major wholesale purchases remain subject to review and regulation by the relevant state commissions. 
 
 Federally enforceable mandatory reliability standards apply to the bulk electric system and impose certain operating, record-keeping and reporting requirements on the Electric Companies, AE Supply, and the Transmission Companies. NERC is the Electric Reliability Organization designated by FERC to establish and enforce these reliability standards, although NERC has delegated day-to-day implementation and enforcement of these reliability standards to six regional entities, including RFC. All of the facilities that FirstEnergy operates are located within the RFC region. FirstEnergy actively participates in the NERC and RFC stakeholder processes, and otherwise monitors and manages its companies in response to the ongoing development, implementation and enforcement of the reliability standards implemented and enforced by RFC. 
 
 FirstEnergy believes that it is in material compliance with all currently effective and enforceable reliability standards. Nevertheless, in the course of operating its extensive electric utility systems and facilities, FirstEnergy occasionally learns of isolated facts or circumstances that could be interpreted as excursions from the reliability standards. If and when such occurrences are found, FirstEnergy develops information about the occurrence and develops a remedial response to the specific circumstances, including in appropriate cases self-reporting an occurrence to RFC. Moreover, it is clear that NERC, RFC and FERC will continue to refine existing reliability standards as well as to develop and adopt new reliability standards. Any inability on FirstEnergy s part to comply with the reliability standards for its bulk electric system could result in the imposition of financial 
 76 

penalties, or obligations to upgrade or build transmission facilities, that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 FERC Audit 
 
 FERC s Division of Audits and Accounting initiated a nonpublic audit of FESC in February 2019. Among other matters, the audit is evaluating FirstEnergy s compliance with certain accounting and reporting requirements under various FERC regulations. On February 4, 2022, FERC filed the final audit report for the period of January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2021, which included several findings and recommendations that FirstEnergy has accepted. The audit report included a finding and related recommendation on FirstEnergy s methodology for allocation of certain corporate support costs to regulatory capital accounts under certain FERC regulations and reporting. Effective in the first quarter of 2022 and in response to the finding, FirstEnergy had implemented a new methodology for the allocation of these corporate support costs to regulatory capital accounts for its regulated distribution and transmission companies on a prospective basis. With the assistance of an independent outside firm, FirstEnergy completed an analysis during the third quarter of 2022 of these costs and how it impacted certain FERC-jurisdictional wholesale transmission customer rates for the audit period of 2015 through 2021. As a result of this analysis, FirstEnergy recorded in the third quarter of 2022 approximately 45 million 34 million after-tax) in expected customer refunds, plus interest, due to its wholesale transmission customers and reclassified approximately 195 million of certain transmission capital assets to operating expenses for the audit period, of which 90 million 67 million after-tax) are not expected to be recoverable and impacted FirstEnergy s earnings since they relate to costs capitalized during stated transmission rate time periods. FirstEnergy is currently recovering approximately 105 million of costs reclassified to operating expenses in its transmission formula rate revenue requirements, of which 85 million of costs have been recovered as of September 30, 2024. These reclassifications also resulted in a reduction to the Regulated Transmission segment s rate base by approximately 160 million, which is not expected to materially impact FirstEnergy or the segment s future earnings. The expected wholesale transmission customer refunds were recognized as a reduction to revenue, and the amount of reclassified transmission capital assets that are not expected to be recoverable were recognized within Other operating expenses at the Regulated Transmission segment and on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Statements of Income. Furthermore, FirstEnergy s Electric Companies are in the process of addressing the outcomes of the FERC Audit with the applicable state commissions and proceedings, which includes seeking continued rate base treatment of approximately 200 million of certain corporate support costs allocated to distribution capital assets in Ohio and Pennsylvania. 
 
 On December 8, 2023, FERC audit staff issued a letter advising that two unresolved audit matters, primarily related to FirstEnergy s plan to recover the reclassified operating expenses in formula transmission rates, were being referred to other offices within FERC for further review. On July 5, 2024, the FERC Office of Enforcement issued a set of data requests related to the 2022 reclassification of operating expenses, to which FirstEnergy replied. In addition, on September 26, 2024, the FERC Office of Energy Market Regulation issued data requests to FirstEnergy, which was also related to the 2022 reclassification of operating expenses, to which FirstEnergy replied. If the FERC Office of Energy Market Regulation and the FERC Office of Enforcement were to successfully challenge the recovery of the 2022 reclassified operating expenses and formula transmission rates it could have material adverse effect on FirstEnergy financial conditions, result of operations, and cash flows. In addition, on September 10, 2024, the FERC Office of Enforcement issued a second set of data requests related to the classification and recovery of a since terminated fuel consulting contract, to which FirstEnergy replied. 

ATSI ROE Ohio Consumers Counsel v. ATSI, et al. 
 
 On February 24, 2022, the OCC filed a complaint with FERC against ATSI, AEP s Ohio affiliates and American Electric Power Service Corporation, and Duke Energy Ohio, LLC asserting that FERC should reduce the ROE utilized in the utilities transmission formula rates by eliminating the 50 basis point adder associated with RTO membership, effective February 24, 2022. The OCC contends that this result is required because Ohio law mandates that transmission owning utilities join an RTO and that the 50 basis point adder is applicable only where RTO membership is voluntary. On December 15, 2022, FERC denied the complaint as to ATSI and Duke, but granted it as to AEP. AEP and OCC appealed FERC s orders to the Sixth Circuit and the case remains pending. FirstEnergy is unable to predict the outcome of this proceeding, but it is not expected to have a material impact. 
 
 Transmission ROE Methodology 
 
 A proposed rulemaking proceeding concerning transmission rate incentives provisions of Section 219 of the 2005 Energy Policy Act was initiated in March of 2020 remains pending before FERC. Among other things, the rulemaking explored whether utilities should collect an RTO membership ROE incentive adder for more than three years. FirstEnergy is a member of PJM, and its transmission subsidiaries could be affected by the proposed rulemaking. FirstEnergy participated in comments on the supplemental rulemaking that were submitted by a group of PJM transmission owners and by various industry trade groups. If there were to be any changes to FirstEnergy's transmission incentive ROE, such changes will be applied on a prospective basis. 
 
 77 

Transmission Planning Supplemental Projects: Ohio Consumers Counsel v ATSI, et al. 
 
 On September 27, 2023, the OCC filed a complaint against ATSI, PJM and other transmission utilities in Ohio alleging that the PJM Tariff and operating agreement are unjust, unreasonable, and unduly discriminatory because they include no provisions to ensure PJM s review and approval for the planning, need, prudence and cost-effectiveness of the PJM Tariff Attachment M-3 Supplemental Projects. Supplemental Projects are projects that are planned and constructed to address local needs on the transmission system. The OCC demands that FERC: (i) require PJM to review supplemental projects for need, prudence and cost-effectiveness; (ii) appoint an independent transmission monitor to assist PJM in such review; and (iii) require that Supplemental Projects go into rate base only through a stated rate procedure whereby prior FERC approval would be needed for projects with costs that exceed an established threshold. ATSI and the other transmission utilities in Ohio and PJM filed comments and the complaint is pending before FERC. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 
 Various federal, state and local authorities regulate FirstEnergy with regard to air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal, and other environmental matters. While FirstEnergy s environmental policies and procedures are designed to achieve compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, such laws and regulations are subject to periodic review and potential revision by the implementing agencies. FirstEnergy cannot predict the timing or ultimate outcome of any of these reviews or how any future actions taken as a result thereof may materially impact its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Clean Air Act 
 
 FirstEnergy complies with SO 2 and NOx emission reduction requirements under the CAA and SIP by burning lower-sulfur fuel, utilizing combustion controls and post-combustion controls and/or using emission allowances. 
 
 CSAPR requires reductions of NOx and SO 2 emissions in two phases (2015 and 2017), ultimately capping SO 2 emissions in affected states to 2.4 million tons annually and NOx emissions to 1.2 million tons annually. CSAPR allows trading of NOx and SO 2 emission allowances between power plants located in the same state and interstate trading of NOx and SO 2 emission allowances with some restrictions. On July 28, 2015, the D.C. Circuit ordered the EPA to reconsider the CSAPR caps on NOx and SO 2 emissions from power plants in 13 states, including West Virginia. This followed the 2014 U.S. Supreme Court ruling generally upholding the EPA s regulatory approach under CSAPR but questioning whether the EPA required upwind states to reduce emissions by more than their contribution to air pollution in downwind states. The EPA issued a CSAPR Update on September 7, 2016, reducing summertime NOx emissions from power plants in 22 states in the eastern U.S., including West Virginia, beginning in 2017. Various states and other stakeholders appealed the CSAPR Update to the D.C. Circuit in November and December 2016. On September 13, 2019, the D.C. Circuit remanded the CSAPR Update to the EPA citing that the rule did not eliminate upwind states significant contributions to downwind states air quality attainment requirements within applicable attainment deadlines. 
 
 Also in March 2018, the State of New York filed a CAA Section 126 petition with the EPA alleging that NOx emissions from nine states (including West Virginia) significantly contribute to New York s inability to attain the ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards. The petition sought suitable emission rate limits for large stationary sources that are allegedly affecting New York s air quality within the three years allowed by CAA Section 126. On September 20, 2019, the EPA denied New York s CAA Section 126 petition. On October 29, 2019, the State of New York appealed the denial of its petition to the D.C. Circuit. On July 14, 2020, the D.C. Circuit reversed and remanded the New York petition to the EPA for further consideration. On March 15, 2021, the EPA issued a revised CSAPR Update that addressed, among other things, the remands of the prior CSAPR Update and the New York Section 126 petition. In December 2021, MP purchased NOx emissions allowances to comply with 2021 ozone season requirements. On April 6, 2022, the EPA published proposed rules seeking to impose further significant reductions in EGU NOx emissions in 25 upwind states, including West Virginia, with the stated purpose of allowing downwind states to attain or maintain compliance with the 2015 ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards. On February 13, 2023, the EPA disapproved 21 SIPs, which was a prerequisite for the EPA to issue a final Good Neighbor Plan or FIP. On June 5, 2023, the EPA issued the final Good Neighbor Plan with an effective date 60 days thereafter. Certain states, including West Virginia, have appealed the disapprovals of their respective SIPs, and some of those states have obtained stays of those disapprovals precluding the Good Neighbor Plan from taking effect in those states. On August 10, 2023, the 4th Circuit granted West Virginia an interim stay of the disapproval of its SIP and on January 10, 2024, after a hearing held on October 27, 2023, granted a full stay which precludes the Good Neighbor Plan from going into effect in West Virginia. In addition to West Virginia, certain other states, and certain trade organizations, including the Midwest Ozone Group of which FE is a member, separately filed petitions for review and motions to stay the Good Neighbor Plan itself at the D.C. Circuit. On September 25, 2023, the D.C. Circuit denied the motions to stay the Good Neighbor Plan. On October 13, 2023, the aggrieved parties filed an Emergency Application for an Immediate Stay of the Good Neighbor Plan with the U.S. Supreme Court. Oral argument was heard on February 21, 2024. On June 27, 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court granted a stay of the Good Neighbor Plan pending disposition of the petition for review in the D.C. Circuit. 
 
 78 

Climate Change 
 
 In March 2024, the SEC issued final rules to require public companies to disclose certain climate-related information in registration statements and annual reports filed with the SEC. As adopted, the final climate disclosure rules mandate the disclosure of climate-related risks and the material impacts that severe weather events and other natural conditions have had, or are reasonably likely to have, on FirstEnergy, as well as disclosures related to management and FE Board oversight of such risks. In April 2024, the SEC voluntarily stayed the final climate disclosure rules pending resolution of legal challenges. FirstEnergy currently is assessing the impact of the final climate disclosure rules on its business. There are several initiatives to reduce GHG emissions at the state, federal and international level. Certain northeastern states are participating in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative and western states, including California, have implemented programs to control emissions of certain GHGs and enhance public disclosures relating to the same. Additional policies reducing GHG emissions, such as demand reduction programs, renewable portfolio standards and renewable subsidies have been implemented across the nation. 
 
 As part of its climate strategy, FirstEnergy has pledged to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 with respect to GHGs within FirstEnergy s direct operational control (known as Scope 1 emissions). With respect to our coal-fired plants in West Virginia, which serve as the primary source of our Scope 1 emissions, we have identified that the end of the useful life date is 2035 for Fort Martin and 2040 for Harrison. Determination of the useful life of the regulated coal-fired generation could result in changes in depreciation, and/or continued collection of net plant in rates after retirement, securitization, sale, impairment, or regulatory disallowances. If MP is unable to recover these costs, it could have a material adverse effect on FirstEnergy s and/or MP s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. FirstEnergy cannot currently estimate the financial impact of climate change policies, including the final SEC rules, although potential legislative or regulatory programs restricting CO2 emissions, or litigation alleging damages from GHG emissions, could require material capital and other expenditures or result in changes to its operations. 
 
 In December 2009, the EPA released its final Endangerment and Cause or Contribute Findings for GHGs under the Clean Air Act, concluding that concentrations of several key GHGs constitute an endangerment and may be regulated as air pollutants under the CAA and mandated measurement and reporting of GHG emissions from certain sources, including electric generating plants. Subsequently, the EPA released its final CPP regulations in August 2015 to reduce CO2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired EGUs and finalized separate regulations imposing CO2 emission limits for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel-fired EGUs. Numerous states and private parties filed appeals and motions to stay the CPP with the D.C. Circuit in October 2015. On February 9, 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court stayed the rule during the pendency of the challenges to the D.C. Circuit and U.S. Supreme Court. On March 28, 2017, an executive order, entitled Promoting Energy Independence and Economic Growth, instructed the EPA to review the CPP and related rules addressing GHG emissions and suspend, revise or rescind the rules if appropriate. On June 19, 2019, the EPA repealed the CPP and replaced it with the ACE rule that established guidelines for states to develop standards of performance to address GHG emissions from existing coal-fired generation. On January 19, 2021, the D.C. Circuit vacated and remanded the ACE rule declaring that the EPA was arbitrary and capricious in its rule making and, as such, the ACE rule is no longer in effect and all actions thus far taken by states to implement the federally mandated rule are now null and void. Vacating the ACE rule had the unintended effect of reinstating the CPP because the repeal of the CPP was a provision within the ACE rule. The D.C. Circuit decision was appealed by several states and interested parties, including West Virginia, arguing that the EPA did not have the authorization under Section 111(d) of the CAA to require generation shifting as a way to limit GHGs. On June 30, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court in West Virginia v. Environmental Protection Agency held that the method the EPA used to regulate GHGs (generation shifting) under Section 111(d) of the CAA (the CPP) was not authorized by Congress and remanded the rule to the EPA for further reconsideration. In response, on May 23, 2023, the EPA published a proposed rule pursuant to CAA Section 111 (b) and (d) in line with the decision in West Virginia v. Environmental Protection Agency intended to reduce power sector GHG emissions (primarily CO2 emissions) from fossil fuel based EGUs. The rule, which proposed stringent GHG emissions limitations based on fuel type and unit retirement date, was issued as final by the EPA on April 25, 2024. In May 2024, a group of 25 states, including West Virginia, filed a challenge to the rule in the D.C. Circuit. Also in May 2024, other utility groups, including the Midwest Ozone Group and Electric Generators for a Sensible Transition, both of which MP is a member, filed petitions for review of the GHG rule as well as motions to stay the rule in the D.C. Circuit. On July 19, 2024, the D.C. Circuit denied the stay motions and on July 23 and 26, 2024 the aggrieved petitioners filed emergency stay applications to the U.S. Supreme Court. Depending on the outcome of any appeals, compliance with these standards could require additional capital expenditures or changes in operation at the Ft. Martin and Harrison power stations. 
 
 Clean Water Act 
 
 Various water quality regulations, the majority of which are the result of the federal Clean Water Act and its amendments, apply to FirstEnergy s facilities. In addition, the states in which FirstEnergy operates have water quality standards applicable to FirstEnergy s operations. 
 
 On September 30, 2015, the EPA finalized new, more stringent effluent limits for the Steam Electric Power Generating category (40 CFR Part 423) for arsenic, mercury, selenium and nitrogen for wastewater from wet scrubber systems and zero discharge of pollutants in ash transport water. The treatment obligations were to phase-in as permits are renewed on a five-year cycle from 2018 to 2023. However, on April 13, 2017, the EPA granted a Petition for Reconsideration and on September 18, 2017, the EPA postponed certain compliance deadlines for two years. On August 31, 2020, the EPA issued a final rule revising the effluent limits 
 79 

for discharges from wet scrubber systems, retaining the zero-discharge standard for ash transport water, (with some limited discharge allowances), and extending the deadline for compliance to December 31, 2025 for both. In addition, the EPA allows for less stringent limits for sub-categories of generating units based on capacity utilization, flow volume from the scrubber system, and unit retirement date. On March 29, 2023, the EPA published proposed revised ELGs applicable to coal-fired power plants that include more stringent effluent limitations for wet scrubber systems and ash transport water, and new limits on landfill leachate. The rule was issued as final by the EPA on April 25, 2024. On May 30, 2024, the Utility Water Act Group, of which FirstEnergy is a member, filed a Petition for Review of the 2024 ELG Rule with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth and Eighth Circuit Courts, and on June 18, 2024, the Utility Water Group filed a motion to stay the Rule pending disposition on the merits. A number of other parties have challenged the final rule in various petitions for review across several circuits. Those petitions have been consolidated and will be reviewed by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit Court. Depending on the outcome of appeals and how final revised rules are ultimately implemented, compliance with these standards could require additional capital expenditures or changes in operation at closed and active landfills, and at the Ft. Martin and Harrison power stations from what was approved by the WVPSC in September 2022 to comply with the 2020 ELG rule. FirstEnergy is currently assessing the impact of the final rule. 
 
 Regulation of Waste Disposal 
 
 Federal and state hazardous waste regulations have been promulgated as a result of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, and the Toxic Substances Control Act. Certain CCRs, such as coal ash, were exempted from hazardous waste disposal requirements pending the EPA s evaluation of the need for future regulation. 
 
 In April 2015, the EPA finalized regulations for the disposal of CCRs (non-hazardous), establishing national standards for landfill design, structural integrity design and assessment criteria for surface impoundments, groundwater monitoring and protection procedures and other operational and reporting procedures to assure the safe disposal of CCRs from electric generating plants. On September 13, 2017, the EPA announced that it would reconsider certain provisions of the final regulations. On July 29, 2020, the EPA published a final rule again revising the date that certain CCR impoundments must cease accepting waste and initiate closure to April 11, 2021. The final rule allowed for an extension of the closure deadline based on meeting identified site-specific criteria. On November 30, 2020, AE Supply submitted a closure deadline extension request to the EPA seeking to extend the cease accepting waste date for the McElroy's Run CCR impoundment facility to October 2024, which request was withdrawn by AE Supply on July 9, 2024, prior to the completion of the technical review by the EPA. As of May 31, 2024, AE Supply ceased accepting waste at the McElroy s Run CCR impoundment facility from Pleasants Power Station. As of September 30, 2024, AE Supply continues to operate the dry landfill adjacent to McElroy s Run as a disposal facility for Pleasants Power Station. AE Supply continues to evaluate closure options for McElroy s Run, including the potential transfer of the site and remediation obligations to a third-party, as well as other interpretation changes to its closure plans. As a result, during the second quarter of 2024, AE Supply reviewed its ARO and future expected costs to remediate McElroy s Run and the adjacent dry landfill, resulting in an increase to the ARO liability and corresponding increase to Other operating expense of 87 million, which is further described above in Note 8, Asset Retirement Obligations. 
 
 On May 8, 2024, the EPA finalized changes to the CCR regulations addressing inactive surface impoundments at inactive electric utilities, known as legacy CCR surface impoundments. The rule extends 2015 CCR Rule requirements for groundwater monitoring and protection, operational and reporting procedures as well as closure requirements to impoundments and landfills that were not originally included for coverage by the 2015 CCR Rule. Furthermore, the EPA s interpretations of the EPA CCR regulations continue to evolve through enforcement and other regulatory actions. FirstEnergy is currently assessing the potential impacts of the final rule, including a review of additional sites to which the new rule might be applicable. Depending on the outcome of appeals and the ultimate implementation of the final rule, compliance with these standards could require remedial actions, including removal of coal ash. See Note 8, Asset Retirement Obligations, above for a description of the 125 million increase to its ARO FirstEnergy recorded during the second quarter of 2024 as a result of its analysis. During the third quarter of 2024, FirstEnergy determined that an additional site became applicable under the CCR rules, which resulted in a 25 million increase to the ARO, with a corresponding increase to the asset retirement cost. 
 
 FE or its subsidiaries have been named as potentially responsible parties at waste disposal sites, which may require cleanup under the CERCLA. Allegations of disposal of hazardous substances at historical sites and the liability involved are often unsubstantiated and subject to dispute; however, federal law provides that all potentially responsible parties for a particular site may be liable on a joint and several basis. Environmental liabilities that are considered probable have been recognized on FirstEnergy s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 based on estimates of the total costs of cleanup, FirstEnergy s proportionate responsibility for such costs and the financial ability of other unaffiliated entities to pay. Total liabilities of approximately 96 million have been accrued through September 30, 2024, of which approximately 69 million are for environmental remediation of former MGP and gas holder facilities in New Jersey, which are being recovered by JCP L through a non-bypassable societal benefits charge. FE or its subsidiaries could be found potentially responsible for additional amounts or additional sites, but the loss or range of losses cannot be determined or reasonably estimated at this time. 
 
 OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 United States v. Larry Householder, et al. 
 
 80 

On July 21, 2020, a complaint and supporting affidavit containing federal criminal allegations were unsealed against the now former Ohio House Speaker Larry Householder and other individuals and entities allegedly affiliated with Mr. Householder. In March 2023, a jury found Mr. Householder and his co-defendant, Matthew Borges, guilty and in June 2023, the two were sentenced to prison for 20 and five years, respectively. Messrs. Householder and Borges have appealed their sentences. Also, on July 21, 2020, and in connection with the U.S. Attorney s Office s investigation, FirstEnergy received subpoenas for records from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District Ohio. FirstEnergy was not aware of the criminal allegations, affidavit or subpoenas before July 21, 2020. 
 
 On July 21, 2021, FE entered into a three-year DPA with the U.S. Attorney s Office that, subject to court proceedings, resolves this matter. Under the DPA, FE has agreed to the filing of a criminal information charging FE with one count of conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud. The DPA requires that FirstEnergy, among other obligations: (i) continue to cooperate with the U.S. Attorney s Office in all matters relating to the conduct described in the DPA and other conduct under investigation by the U.S. government; (ii) pay a criminal monetary penalty totaling 230 million within sixty days, which shall consist of (x) 115 million paid by FE to the United States Treasury and (y) 115 million paid by FE to the ODSA to fund certain assistance programs, as determined by the ODSA, for the benefit of low-income Ohio electric utility customers; (iii) publish a list of all payments made in 2021 to either 501(c)(4) entities or to entities known by FirstEnergy to be operating for the benefit of a public official, either directly or indirectly, and update the same on a quarterly basis during the term of the DPA; (iv) issue a public statement, as dictated in the DPA, regarding FE s use of 501(c)(4) entities; and (v) continue to implement and review its compliance and ethics program, internal controls, policies and procedures designed, implemented and enforced to prevent and detect violations of the U.S. laws throughout its operations, and to take certain related remedial measures. The 230 million payment will neither be recovered in rates or charged to FirstEnergy customers, nor will FirstEnergy seek any tax deduction related to such payment. The entire amount of the monetary penalty was recognized as expense in the second quarter of 2021 and paid in the third quarter of 2021. As of July 22, 2024, FirstEnergy had successfully completed the obligations required within the three-year term of the DPA. Under the DPA, FirstEnergy has an obligation to continue (i) publishing quarterly a list of all payments to 501(c)(4) entities and all payments to entities known by FirstEnergy operating for the benefit of a public official, either directly or indirectly; (ii) not making any statements that contradict the DPA; (iii) notifying the U.S. Attorney s Office of any changes in FirstEnergy s corporate form; and (iv) cooperating with the U.S. Attorney s Office until the conclusion of any related investigation, criminal prosecution, and civil proceeding brought by the U.S. Attorney s Office. Within 30 days of those matters concluding, and FirstEnergy s successful completion of its remaining obligations, the U.S. Attorney s Office will dismiss the criminal information. 
 
 Legal Proceedings Relating to United States v. Larry Householder, et al. 
 
 On August 10, 2020, the SEC, through its Division of Enforcement, issued an order directing an investigation of possible securities laws violations by FE, and on September 1, 2020, issued subpoenas to FE and certain FE officers relating to the conduct described in the DPA. On April 28, 2021, July 11, 2022, and May 25, 2023, the SEC issued additional subpoenas to FE, with which FE has complied. FirstEnergy cooperated fully with the SEC investigation, and on September 12, 2024, the SEC issued a settlement order that concluded and resolved the investigation in its entirety. Under the terms of the settlement, FE agreed to pay a civil penalty of 100 million and to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of specified provisions of the federal securities laws and rules promulgated thereunder. The civil penalty was paid on September 25, 2024. FE previously recognized a loss contingency of 100 million in the second quarter of 2024 at Corporate/Other for segment reporting. 
 
 On June 29, 2023, the OOCIC served FE a subpoena, seeking information relating to the conduct described in the DPA. FirstEnergy was not aware of the OOCIC s investigation prior to receiving the subpoena and understood that the OOCIC s investigation was also focused on the conduct described in the DPA, other than with respect to the March 25, 2024, felony indictment of Mr. Householder brought in Cuyahoga County, Ohio. FirstEnergy is cooperating with the OOCIC in its investigation. On February 12, 2024, and in connection with the OOCIC s ongoing investigation, an indictment by a grand jury of Summit County, Ohio was unsealed against the now-deceased, former chairman of the PUCO, and two former FirstEnergy senior officers, Charles E. Jones, and Michael J. Dowling, charging each of them with several felony counts, including bribery, telecommunications fraud, money laundering and aggravated theft, related to payments described in the DPA. On August 12, 2024, FirstEnergy entered into a settlement with the OOCIC, the Ohio Attorney General s Office, and the Summit County Prosecutor s Office to resolve both the investigation and State of Ohio ex rel. Dave Yost, Ohio Attorney General v. FirstEnergy Corp., et al. and City of Cincinnati and City of Columbus v. FirstEnergy Corp., noted below. The settlement includes, among other things, a non-prosecution agreement and a payment of 19.5 million by FE, which was recorded as a loss contingency in the second quarter of 2024 at Corporate/Other for segment reporting. The settlement payment was paid on August 16, 2024. 
 
 In addition to the subpoenas referenced above under United States v. Larry Householder, et. al. and the SEC investigation, certain FE stockholders and FirstEnergy customers filed several lawsuits against FirstEnergy and certain current and former directors, officers and other employees, and the complaints in each of these suits is related to allegations in the complaint and supporting affidavit relating to HB 6 and the now former Ohio House Speaker Larry Householder and other individuals and entities allegedly affiliated with Mr. Householder. The plaintiffs in each of the below cases seek, among other things, to recover an unspecified amount of damages (unless otherwise noted). Unless otherwise indicated, no contingency has been reflected in FirstEnergy s consolidated financial statements with respect to these lawsuits as a loss is neither probable, nor is a loss or range of a loss reasonably estimable. 
 81 

In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation (S.D. Ohio); on July 28, 2020 and August 21, 2020, purported stockholders of FE filed putative class action lawsuits alleging violations of the federal securities laws. Those actions have been consolidated and a lead plaintiff, the Los Angeles County Employees Retirement Association, has been appointed by the court. A consolidated complaint was filed on February 26, 2021. The consolidated complaint alleges, on behalf of a proposed class of persons who purchased FE securities between February 21, 2017 and July 21, 2020, that FE and certain current or former FE officers violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act by issuing misrepresentations or omissions concerning FE s business and results of operations. The consolidated complaint also alleges that FE, certain current or former FE officers and directors, and a group of underwriters violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 as a result of alleged misrepresentations or omissions in connection with offerings of senior notes by FE in February and June 2020. On March 30, 2023, the court granted plaintiffs motion for class certification. On April 14, 2023, FE filed a petition in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit seeking to appeal that order; the Sixth Circuit granted FE s petition on November 16, 2023, and heard oral argument on July 17, 2024. On November 30, 2023, FE filed a motion with the S.D. Ohio to stay all proceedings pending that circuit court appeal. Discovery was stayed during the pendency of that motion to stay all proceedings and on August 20, 2024, the S.D. Ohio denied FE s motion and lifted the stay as to fact discovery. On July 29, 2024, FE filed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit a Petition for Writ of Mandamus asking the Sixth Circuit to direct the district court to deny plaintiffs motion to compel disclosure of FE s privileged internal investigation materials. On September 11, 2024, FE filed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit a motion to stay discovery of the privileged internal investigation materials pending resolution of the Petition for Writ of Mandamus. FE believes that it is probable that it will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of this lawsuit. Given the ongoing nature and complexity of such litigation, FE cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss. 
 MFS Series Trust I, et al. v. FirstEnergy Corp., et al. and Brighthouse Funds II MFS Value Portfolio, et al. v. FirstEnergy Corp., et al. (S.D. Ohio); on December 17, 2021 and February 21, 2022, purported stockholders of FE filed complaints against FE, certain current and former officers, and certain current and former officers of EH. The complaints allege that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act by issuing alleged misrepresentations or omissions regarding FE s business and its results of operations, and seek the same relief as the In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation described above. FE believes that it is probable that it will incur losses in connection with the resolution of these lawsuits. Given the ongoing nature and complexity of such litigation, FE cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss. 
 State of Ohio ex rel. Dave Yost, Ohio Attorney General v. FirstEnergy Corp., et al. and City of Cincinnati and City of Columbus v. FirstEnergy Corp. (Common Pleas Court, Franklin County, OH, all actions have been consolidated); on September 23, 2020 and October 27, 2020, the OAG and the cities of Cincinnati and Columbus, respectively, filed complaints against several parties including FE, each alleging civil violations of the Ohio Corrupt Activity Act and related claims in connection with the passage of HB 6. On January 13, 2021, the OAG filed a motion for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction against FirstEnergy seeking to enjoin FirstEnergy from collecting the Ohio Companies' decoupling rider. On January 31, 2021, FE reached a partial settlement with the OAG and the cities of Cincinnati and Columbus with respect to the temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction request and related issues. In connection with the partial settlement, the Ohio Companies filed an application on February 1, 2021, with the PUCO to set their respective decoupling riders (Conservation Support Rider) to zero. On February 2, 2021, the PUCO approved the application of the Ohio Companies setting the rider to zero, and no additional customer bills will include new decoupling rider charges after February 8, 2021. On August 13, 2021, new defendants were added to the complaint, including two former officers of FirstEnergy. On December 2, 2021, the cities and FE entered a stipulated dismissal with prejudice of the cities suit. This matter was stayed through a criminal trial in United States v. Larry Householder, et al . described above, but resumed pursuant to an order, dated March 15, 2023. On July 31, 2023, FE and other defendants filed motions to dismiss in part the OAG s amended complaint, which the OAG opposed. On February 16, 2024, the OAG moved to stay discovery in the case in light of the February 9, 2024, indictments against defendants in this action, which the court granted on March 14, 2024. As described above, FE reached a settlement with the OAG of this civil action and the OOCIC investigation, which resolves this civil action. FE recognized a loss contingency of 19.5 million in the second quarter of 2024, which was paid on August 16, 2024. 
 
 On February 9, 2022, FE, acting through the SLC, agreed to a settlement term sheet to resolve the following shareholder derivative lawsuits relating to HB 6 and the now former Ohio House Speaker Larry Householder and other individuals and entities allegedly affiliated with Mr. Householder that were filed in the S.D. Ohio, the N.D. Ohio, and the Ohio Court of Common Pleas, Summit County: 
 
 Gendrich v. Anderson, et al. and Sloan v. Anderson, et al. (Common Pleas Court, Summit County, Ohio, all actions have been consolidated); on July 26, 2020 and July 31, 2020, respectively, purported stockholders of FE filed shareholder derivative action lawsuits against certain current and former FE directors and officers, alleging, among other things, breaches of fiduciary duty. On August 30, 2022, the parties filed a joint motion to dismiss the state court action, which the court granted on September 2, 2022. 
 Miller v. Anderson, et al. (N.D. Ohio); on August 7, 2020, purported stockholders of FE filed shareholder derivative actions alleging the then FE Board and officers breached their fiduciary duties and committed violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act. On August 24, 2022, the parties filed a joint motion to dismiss the action pending in the N.D. Ohio based upon the approval of the settlement by the S.D. Ohio, which was granted on May 17, 2024. 
 82 

Bloom, et al. v. Anderson, et al.; Employees Retirement System of the City of St. Louis v. Jones, et al.; Electrical Workers Pension Fund, Local 103, I.B.E.W. v. Anderson et al.; Massachusetts Laborers Pension Fund v. Anderson et al.; The City of Philadelphia Board of Pensions and Retirement v. Anderson et al.; Atherton v. Dowling et al.; Behar v. Anderson, et al. (S.D. Ohio, all actions have been consolidated); on September 1, 2020, purported stockholders of FE filed shareholder derivative actions alleging the then FE Board and officers breached their fiduciary duties and committed violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act. On March 11, 2022, the parties executed a stipulation and agreement of settlement, and filed a motion the same day requesting preliminary settlement approval in the S.D. Ohio, which the S.D. Ohio granted on May 9, 2022. Subsequently, following a hearing on August 4, 2022, the S.D. Ohio granted final approval of the settlement on August 23, 2022, which was appealed by a purported FE stockholder on June 15, 2023. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit affirmed the district court s final settlement approval. All appeal options were exhausted on May 16, 2024. 
 
 The above settlement included a series of corporate governance enhancements and a payment to FE of 180 million, less approximately 36 million in court-ordered attorney s fees awarded to plaintiffs, and a 7 million net return on deposited funds, which was received in the second quarter of 2024. The judgment and settlement are final and, therefore, the derivative lawsuits are now fully resolved. 
 
 The outcome of any of these lawsuits, governmental investigations and audit is uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on FE s or its subsidiaries reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. 
 
 Other Legal Matters 
 
 There are various lawsuits, claims (including claims for asbestos exposure) and proceedings related to FirstEnergy s normal business operations pending against FE or its subsidiaries. The loss or range of loss in these matters is not expected to be material to FE or its subsidiaries. The other potentially material items not otherwise discussed above are described under Note 9, Regulatory Matters. 
 
 FirstEnergy accrues legal liabilities only when it concludes that it is probable that it has an obligation for such costs and can reasonably estimate the amount of such costs. In cases where FirstEnergy determines that it is not probable, but reasonably possible that it has a material obligation, it discloses such obligations and the possible loss or range of loss if such estimate can be made. If it were ultimately determined that FE or its subsidiaries have legal liability or are otherwise made subject to liability based on any of the matters referenced above, it could have a material adverse effect on FE s or its subsidiaries financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 See Note 1, "Organization and Basis of Presentation," for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 See FirstEnergy Corp. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Market Risk Information in Item 2 above. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The management of FirstEnergy, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of FirstEnergy have concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there were no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, FirstEnergy s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Information required for Part II, Item 1 is incorporated by reference to the discussions in Note 9, Regulatory Matters, and Note 10, Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 83 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in FirstEnergy s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, which could materially affect FirstEnergy s business, financial condition or future results. The information set forth in this report, including without limitation, the risk factor(s) presented below, updates and should be read in conjunction with, the risk factors and information disclosed in FirstEnergy s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 
 The Physical Risks Associated with Climate Change May Have an Adverse Impact on Our Business Operations, Financial Condition and Cash Flows. 
 
 Physical risks of climate change such as flooding, wildfires, rising sea levels, and other related phenomena, resulting from more frequent or more extreme weather events and changes in temperature and precipitation patterns associated with climate change, could affect some, or all, of our operations. Frequent or extreme weather events could disrupt our operations and/or be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme weather event within the Electric Companies and Transmission Companies service areas could also directly affect their capital assets, such as downed wires, poles, or damage to other operating equipment, resulting in service disruptions to customers and possibly creating hazardous conditions. Further, as extreme weather conditions increase system stress, we may incur costs relating to additional system backup or service interruptions, and in some instances, we may be unable to recover such costs. For all of these reasons, these physical risks could have an adverse financial impact on our business operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Climate change poses other financial risks as well. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of the changes. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in additional system assets and purchase additional power. Additionally, decreased energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition through decreased revenues, margins or earnings. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Amendments to Existing Revolving Credit Facilities 
 
 On October 24, 2024, FE and certain of its subsidiaries entered into the following amendments to each of the 2021 Credit Facilities to, among other things: (i) extend the maturity date of the 2021 Credit Facilities for an additional one-year period, from October 18, 2027 to October 18, 2028, and (ii) increase the borrowing limit of the JCP L credit facility from 500 million to 750 million. 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among FE, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent; 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among CEI, OE and TE, as borrowers, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent; 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among FE PA, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent; 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among JCP L, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent; 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among MP and PE, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent; and 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among ATSI, MAIT and TrAIL, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. 
 
 84 

The foregoing descriptions of the amendments to the 2021 Credit Facilities above do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the agreements themselves. 
 
 Also on October 24, 2024, each of FET and KATCo entered into amendments of the 2023 Credit Facilities, to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the 2023 Credit Facilities for an additional one-year period, from October 20, 2028 to October 20, 2029 and from October 20, 2027 to October 20, 2028, for the FET credit facility and KATCo credit facility respectively as follows: 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among FET, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among KATCo, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. 
 
 The foregoing descriptions of the amendments to the 2023 Credit Facilities above do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the agreements themselves. 
 
 Trading Arrangements 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of FE or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description (A) (B) 10.1 Voluntary Retirement Agreement with Christine L. Walker 
 (A) 10.2 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among FE, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 (A) 10.3 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among CEI, OE and TE, as borrowers, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 (A) 10.4 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among FE PA, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent 
 (A) 10.5 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among JCP L, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent 
 (A) 10.6 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among MP and PE, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent 
 (A) 10.7 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among ATSI, MAIT and TrAIL, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent 
 (A) 10.8 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement and Consent, dated as of October 24, 2024, among FET, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 (A) 10.9 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, among KATCo, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent 
 (A) 31.1 Certification of chief executive officer, as adopted pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 (A) 31.2 Certification of chief financial officer, as adopted pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 (A) 32 Certification of chief executive officer and chief financial officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 101 The following materials from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FirstEnergy Corp. for the period ended September 30, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) related notes to these financial statements and (vii) document and entity information. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document contained in Exhibit 101) 
 (A) Provided herein in electronic format as an exhibit. 
 (B) Management contract or compensatory plan contract or arrangement filed pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Pursuant to paragraph (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K, FirstEnergy has not filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-Q any instrument with respect to long-term debt if the respective total amount of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed 10 of its respective total assets, but hereby agrees to furnish to the SEC on request any such documents. 
 85 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 October 29, 2024 
 FIRSTENERGY CORP. Registrant /s/ Jason J. Lisowski Jason J. Lisowski Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 86 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 q32024-ex101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 
 FirstEnergy Corp. (collectively with its predecessors, successors, parents, assigns, subsidiaries, and affiliates, FirstEnergy and Christine Walker Executive hereby enter into this Severance Agreement and Release of Claims (the Agreement and agree as follows. 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive is currently employed by FirstEnergy 
 
 WHEREAS, as a result of corporate restructuring, Executive is eligible for severance benefits under the FirstEnergy Executive Severance Benefits Plan as Amended and Restated as of December 20, 2016 (the Executive Severance Plan and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company, under the authority provided by the Executive Severance Plan, has determined to enhance the benefits provided to Executive to account for benefits lost as a result of Executive s early retirement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth herein, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Separation Date and Qualifying Separation 
 a. FirstEnergy and Executive agree that Executive s employment with FirstEnergy shall terminate at the end of the day on July 31, 2024 (the Separation Date ). FirstEnergy and Executive agree that such separation is for a qualified reason under, and thus that such separation shall constitute a qualified separation pursuant to, the Executive Severance Plan. 
 b. Executive agrees that Executive has been provided with at least 30 days paid notice as required by and set forth in the Executive Severance Plan. 
 c. Effective as of the Separation Date, Executive will cease to be an officer and a director (if applicable) of FirstEnergy and hereby resigns from any and all offices and directorships with FirstEnergy that Executive may hold as of the Separation Date. Executive shall execute all documents requested by FirstEnergy to further effectuate such resignation(s). 
 d. Any prorated payments under the Company s long-term and short-term incentive programs shall be paid in accordance with those respective plans. 
 2. Severance Benefits. Provided that Executive signs and returns this Agreement within 21 days after receiving it (but in no event before the end of the day on the Separation Date), does not revoke it, and abides by its terms, Executive will receive the following benefits following the Separation Date 
 a. A lump-sum payment of 1,025,640.00, subject to all applicable federal and state taxes and other deductions required by law (the Severance Pay ). Executive agrees that the Severance Pay is equal to the cash severance payment benefit for which Executive is eligible under the Executive Severance Plan. The Severance Pay shall be provided as soon as reasonably administratively possible but no later than two and one-half months after the Separation Date. 
 1 

b. If, following the Separation Date, Executive timely elects COBRA coverage to continue FirstEnergy health care and or dental care, FirstEnergy will waive the COBRA premium (the COBRA Subsidy for the period beginning the month immediately following the month in which Executive s employment ends through July 31, 2026 (which represents a period equal to the number of weeks used to determine Executive s Severance Pay and rounded until the end of the month, subject to the maximum COBRA continuation period under applicable law (the COBRA Subsidy Period ). The COBRA Subsidy is a waiver of the COBRA premium only, provided that any monthly premium that would otherwise be due during this period if Executive were an active employee will remain Executive s responsibility. EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS THAT EXECUTIVE MUST SPECIFICALLY ELECT AND QUALIFY FOR COBRA IN ORDER TO RECEIVE THE COBRA SUBSIDY. If Executive ceases to qualify for COBRA coverage at any time during the COBRA Subsidy Period (or fails to timely elect COBRA), FirstEnergy s obligations under this subparagraph shall cease and Executive will not receive the COBRA Subsidy. If Executive continues to qualify for COBRA coverage at the expiration of the COBRA Subsidy Period, Executive will be responsible for paying the COBRA premium for the remainder of the period for which Executive continues coverage COBRA. If a federal, state, or local governmental entity provides a COBRA subsidization program for which Executive may qualify, Executive will not be eligible for, and will not receive the COBRA Subsidy. Executive further understands that the COBRA Subsidy constitutes taxable income and is subject to income tax withholding at the supplemental federal rate in addition to applicable state or local withholding. Applicable FICA and Medicare withholding will also apply. 
 c. The behavioral health counseling services of the Work Life Employee Assistance Program will be continued for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents for the six months following the Separation Date. 
 d. Career transition services through a professional career counseling agency (chosen by the Company) consistent with the Executive Severance Plan shall be made available to Executive through December 31, 2025, provided that Executive first elects to receive such services. 
 
 The Company warrants that it has made reasonable efforts to confirm that (i) the Severance Pay is exempt from Code section 409A under a combination of the regulatory exemption in Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) for certain involuntary separation benefits and the exemption for benefits paid within the short-term deferral period as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and (ii) the benefits described in 2(b), 2(c) and 2(d) provided for limited periods of time are separately exempt from Code Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v). None these Severance benefits will be considered compensation for FirstEnergy pension plans or Savings Plan or for any other benefits determination. 
 
 3. Enhanced Severance Benefit. Provided that Executive signs and returns this Agreement within 21 days after receiving it (but in no event before the end of the day on the Separation Date), does not revoke it, and abides by its terms, Executive will also receive from the Company a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal of 569,207.48, minus applicable taxes, withholdings, and deductions (the Enhanced Severance Benefit ). Such amount represents (1) the value of unused and or deferred paid time off and (2) an amount to make up for benefits that otherwise would have accrued in the Executive s Supplemental Pension but for the Executive s 
 - 2 - 

inability to defer commencement of such Supplemental Pension benefit until age 60. The Company warrants it has made reasonable efforts to confirm that the Enhanced Severance Benefit is exempt from Code Section 409A because it will be paid in all events within the short-term deferral period within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will not be considered compensation for FirstEnergy pension plans or Savings Plan or for any other benefits determination. 
 Executive acknowledges and agrees that the benefits described above (including without limitation the Severance Pay, COBRA Subsidy, and Enhanced Severance Benefit) represent valuable consideration that FirstEnergy is not otherwise obligated to provide Executive and to which Executive would not be entitled if Executive did not sign this Agreement. Executive specifically agrees such benefits are adequate consideration for the general release of claims and other promises set forth below. 
 4. General Release of Claims Covenant Not to Sue. In consideration of the benefits described in Sections 2 and 3 above, Executive agrees for herself, her heirs, executors, administrators, agents, assigns, and anyone else who may lawfully assert a claim on her behalf, to release and forever discharge FirstEnergy and FirstEnergy s past, present, and future owners, shareholders, employees, officers, directors, agents, and other related entities from any and all claims, liabilities, demands, and causes of action, known or unknown, fixed or contingent, Executive had, may now have or claim to have against any of them as of the date Executive signs this Agreement, including but not limited to those related to or arising out of Executive s employment with FirstEnergy, the terms and conditions of such employment, and Executive s termination from such employment, and, subject to Section 6(d) below, Executive hereby represents and covenants that Executive has not filed and will not file a lawsuit or other action to assert such claims. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such claims and rights include those claims 
 a. Of which Executive is aware and of which Executive may be unaware 
 b. Arising under any contract (whether written, oral, or implied) 
 c. Involving any tort or personal injury Executive may have suffered and 
 d. Arising under or relating to any federal, state or local constitution, statute, regulation, common law, or other source of law, including without limitation those dealing with employment discrimination. Such laws include, but are not limited to, the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 the Americans with Disabilities Act the Employee Retirement Income Security Act the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act the Fair Labor Standards Act (to the extent permitted by law) the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act the Ohio Fair Employment Practices Act Ohio s Statutory Provisions Regarding Retaliation Discrimination for Filing Worker s Compensation Claim the Ohio Equal Pay Law the Ohio State Wage Payment and Work Hour Laws the Ohio Political Action of Employees Laws Ohio s Witness and Juror Leave Laws Ohio s Voting Leave Laws and the Ohio Military Family Medical Leave Act. 
 - 3 - 

The only exceptions to the above release and waiver of claims are with respect to claims (1) for alleged workplace injuries or occupational disease that arise under applicable workers compensation law (2) that cannot be released by law or (3) to enforce this Agreement. Executive understands and agrees that upon the effective date of the Agreement, except as otherwise provided in Section 6(d) below, Executive cannot bring or participate as a party, or member of a class, in any lawsuit or arbitration, or receive any portion of any recovery in a proceeding conducted or brought by any Governmental Agency (as defined below), that is based on any claims or rights covered by this Agreement. Executive confirms that Executive has not filed any legal or other proceeding(s) against any of FirstEnergy or the other released parties (provided, however, that Executive need not disclose to FirstEnergy, and the foregoing confirmation does not apply to, conduct or matters described in Section 6(d) below), is the sole owner of the claims released herein, has not transferred any such claims to anyone else, and has the full right to grant the releases and agreements in this Agreement. 
 5. Recoupment Policy Insider Trading. 
 
 a. Executive reaffirms the Company s right to reduce, cancel, terminate or recover amounts under the FirstEnergy Second Amended and Restated Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy dated October 2, 2023, and or the FirstEnergy Compensation Clawback Policy dated October 2, 2023, each as applicable. 
 
 b. Executive affirms that Executive shall, even after termination of employment, remain subject to the provisions of the Company s Insider Trading Practice, which provides in relevant part that the Practice continues to apply to transactions in securities of FirstEnergy Corp. and the securities of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including but not limited to common stock, options, preferred stock, convertible debentures, senior notes, first mortgage bonds or other debt securities, warrants, tax-exempt bonds or other debt securities issued for the benefit of direct and indirect subsidiaries of FirstEnergy Corp., as well as derivative securities that are not issued by FirstEnergy Corp. or its direct or indirect subsidiaries, such as exchange-traded put options and call options or swaps relating to any of the foregoing securities Company Securities even after termination of your service to the Company. If you are in possession of material non-public information when your service terminates, you may not trade in Company Securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. Also, the pre-clearance procedures for any officers who are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act specified under the heading Additional Procedures of this Practice will continue to apply to transactions in Company Securities for the longer of six months after separation or the last matchable transaction, or the date the person is no longer considered a any officers who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act . The Company reserves the right to impose the pre-clearance procedures for a period of more than six months if, at the Company s discretion, such longer period is in the best interest of the Company. 
 
 - 4 - 

6. Confidentiality and Non-Disparagement. 
 
 a. Except as otherwise provided in Section 6(d) below, Executive agrees not to disclose, publicize or communicate to any person or entity, in any manner whatsoever, any confidential or proprietary information concerning or belonging to FirstEnergy which has come to Executive s attention during Executive s employment with FirstEnergy, unless authorized in writing by FirstEnergy or required by law. As used in this Agreement, confidential or proprietary information includes all proprietary information disclosed to Executive or known by Executive as a consequence of or through Executive s employment, regardless of whether such information qualifies as a trade secret under applicable law, which is not generally known in the industry in which FirstEnergy is or may become engaged, about FirstEnergy s or an affiliate s business, products, processes, and services, including but not limited to information relating to research, development, inventions, computer program designs, flow charts, source and object codes, products and services under development, pricing and pricing strategies, marketing and selling strategies, power generating, servicing, purchasing, accounting, engineering, costs and costing strategies, sources of supply, customer lists, customer requirements, business methods or practices, and the documentation thereof. It also includes, but is not limited to, proprietary information and trade secrets of FirstEnergy. Except as otherwise provided in Section 6(d) below, Executive also agrees that before making any legally required disclosure of FirstEnergy s confidential or proprietary information, Executive will give FirstEnergy as much advance written notice as possible. Executive understands that Executive will not be held liable under any Federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (1) is made (a) in confidence to a Federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (b) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Executive also understands that disclosure of trade secrets to attorneys, made under seal, or pursuant to court order is also protected in certain circumstances under 18 U.S. Code 1833. 
 
 b. Executive agrees that the benefits described in Sections 2 and 3 above are intended to resolve potential disputes between Executive and FirstEnergy, and, accordingly, agrees that the terms of and negotiations relating to this Agreement will remain confidential. Executive will not disclose such terms to anyone other than Executive s attorneys, accountants and immediate family members, each of whom will be directed to maintain the confidentiality of these items. 
 
 c. Except as otherwise provided in Section 6(d) below, Executive agrees that Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, make, post, or otherwise release, publicly or privately, any disparaging, defamatory, or maliciously false statement concerning FirstEnergy, its business practices, or its products or services. 
 
 - 5 - 

d. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to mean that Executive is prohibited from confidentially or otherwise communicating or filing a charge with, providing testimony to or information for, or participating in any court proceeding or in an investigation undertaken by or a proceeding initiated by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency or commission Government Agencies ), pursuant to any of the statutes they enforce. Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in connection with any such activity, Executive will inform such agency or entity of the confidential nature of any confidential information that Executive provides, and that Executive is not permitted to disclose any information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege or any other privilege belonging to FirstEnergy or any of its affiliates, as FirstEnergy and its affiliates do not waive and intend to preserve such privileges. This Agreement does not limit Executive s right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies. On the other hand, Executive understands that Executive is waiving and releasing any right to any claims for money damages and equitable relief pursuant to the filing or prosecution of any administrative charge against FirstEnergy or any resulting civil proceeding or lawsuit that may be commenced on Executive s behalf for the recovery of such relief, and which arises out of the matters that are and may be released in this Agreement. Executive further understands and agrees that nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from discussing or disclosing allegations of sexual harassment or sexual assault. 
 
 7. Return of Property. Executive will return to FirstEnergy on or before the Separation Date all FirstEnergy property, including without limitation confidential or proprietary information (as defined above), equipment, computers, cell phones or other mobile devices, tablets, key cards, documents, files, lists or other written, graphic or electronic records relating to FirstEnergy s business, and all copies of such materials, which are or have been in Executive s possession or under Executive s control. 
 8. Cooperation. Subject to and without limiting any contractual or other rights to indemnification Executive may have, following the Separation Date and for as long as may be reasonably required by FirstEnergy, Executive will, without any additional compensation and subject to Section 6(d) above, respond to reasonable requests for information from FirstEnergy regarding matters that may arise in the business of FirstEnergy. Executive will respond to any such requests from FirstEnergy promptly. Executive will fully and completely cooperate with FirstEnergy, their advisors, and their legal counsel with respect to any litigation that is pending against FirstEnergy and any claim or action that is currently pending or may be filed against FirstEnergy in the future, subject to and without limiting any contractual or other rights to indemnification Executive may have. Such cooperation will include, without limitation, Executive making himself or herself available at reasonable times and places for interviews, reviewing documents, testifying in a deposition or a legal or administrative proceeding, and providing advice to FirstEnergy in preparing defenses to any pending or potential future litigation, actions or investigations initiated by or against FirstEnergy, whether administrative, civil or criminal in nature. Except as otherwise provided in Section 6(d) and subject to and without limiting any contractual or other rights to indemnification Executive may have, Executive specifically agrees that, if required by law to provide sworn testimony regarding any matter 
 - 6 - 

related to FirstEnergy, Executive will consult with and have FirstEnergy-designated legal counsel present for such testimony (with FirstEnergy being responsible for the costs of such designated counsel), and Executive will cooperate with FirstEnergy s attorneys to assist their efforts, holding all privileged attorney-client matters in strictest confidence. FirstEnergy will pay or reimburse Executive for any approved travel expenses reasonably incurred solely as a result of Executive s cooperation with FirstEnergy pursuant to this Section 8. Executive further acknowledges that Executive has disclosed to FirstEnergy any information Executive has concerning any acts or omissions involving any of FirstEnergy or any of their employees, officers, directors, stockholders, representatives, attorneys or agents that Executive has reason to believe may be unlawful or may involve any unlawful conduct by FirstEnergy, and (except as otherwise provided in Section 6(d)), Executive will promptly notify FirstEnergy in writing if Executive becomes aware of any potential claim or proposed investigation, action or litigation against FirstEnergy. 
 9. Assistance to Others. Except as set forth in Section 6(d) above, Executive agrees not to assist or cooperate, in any way, directly or indirectly, with any person, entity or group (other than a governmental authority) involved in any proceeding, inquiry or investigation of any kind or nature against or involving FirstEnergy or any other released party as set forth in Section 4 above, except as required by law, subpoena or other compulsory process. Moreover, Executive agrees that to the extent Executive is compelled to cooperate with such third parties, Executive will disclose to FirstEnergy in advance that Executive intends to cooperate and disclose the manner in which Executive intends to cooperate. Further, Executive agrees that within three days after such cooperation, Executive will meet with representatives of FirstEnergy and disclose the information that Executive provided to the third party. This Section 9 is to be broadly construed and is to include conversations, informal comments, confirmations, suggestions or advice of any type to third parties, their counsel or their advisors. Further, but without limiting Section 6(d) above, if Executive is legally required to appear or participate in any proceeding that involves or is brought against FirstEnergy or another released party as set forth in Section 4 above, Executive agrees to disclose to FirstEnergy in advance what Executive plans to say or produce and otherwise cooperate fully with FirstEnergy. 
 10. Representations Voluntary Agreement. By signing below, Executive represents and acknowledges that Executive 
 a. Has read this Agreement in full and understand its provisions, and agrees that Executive is waiving and releasing claims and rights in exchange knowingly and voluntarily, and for valuable consideration to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled 
 b. Has been and is hereby advised to consult with an attorney of Executive s choosing (at Executive s cost) prior to signing this Agreement 
 c. Has been provided with a 21-day period commencing with this offer of benefits in which to review and consider whether to enter into this Agreement, provided that any changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, will not restart the running of such review and consideration period 
 
 - 7 - 

d. Has seven (7) days after the date on which Executive signs this Agreement to revoke Executive s decision by notifying Jason Marsico (jmarsico firstenergycorp.com) in writing via email of such revocation and 
 e. Understands that upon Executive s signature and the subsequent expiration of the revocation period, this Agreement becomes a legally binding document that may be enforced by FirstEnergy. 
 11. Future Employment. Executive agrees to waive, release and forego any right or opportunity to seek employment with FirstEnergy now or in the future and further agrees that Executive shall not apply for any such employment in the future. 
 12. Governing Law and Arbitration. 
 a. This Agreement will in all respects be interpreted, construed, enforced and governed by and in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the State of Ohio, or by federal law where applicable, exclusive of any rules pertaining to conflicts of laws. 
 b. Except for claims or disputes that are not arbitrable pursuant to applicable law (including under the Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act of 2021), and except as provided in Section 6(d) of this Agreement, Executive and FirstEnergy agree that all claims or disputes arising out of or relating to (i) the parties employment relationship, the terms and conditions of such employment, or the termination of such employment, (ii) this Agreement, or (iii) any other agreement that may exist or arise between (x) Executive and (y) FirstEnergy, or any affiliate, other related entity, benefit plan, successor or assign of FirstEnergy, or any owner, director, officer, member, employee, owner, shareholder, agent, or representative of any of them, shall be submitted for and resolved through final and binding arbitration in accordance with Section 12 of this Agreement. Executive and FirstEnergy understand and agree that the arbitration of claims and disputes under this Agreement shall be instead of a trial before a court or jury. Executive and FirstEnergy further understand that Executive and FirstEnergy are hereby expressly waiving any and all rights to a trial before a court or jury regarding any and all claims and disputes that they now have or may in the future have that are subject to arbitration under this Agreement. 
 c. The arbitration shall be conducted in Akron, Ohio by and before a single neutral member of an arbitration panel (or by such other arbitrator or in such other place to which the parties agree) in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures (as in effect or amended from time to time) (the Rules ), except as set forth in this Section 12. Such Rules in effect as of the Effective Date are available at www.jamsadr.com, which both parties acknowledge and agree they have had a reasonable opportunity to review before executing this Agreement. Any arbitration conducted hereunder, and all communications with respect thereto or in the course thereof, including all transcripts, briefs and exhibits, shall be confidential. The arbitrator shall have no power to modify the provisions of this Agreement (except pursuant to Section 12 herein), or to make an award or impose a remedy that is not available to a court of general jurisdiction sitting in Akron, Ohio or that was not requested by a party to the claim or dispute, and the jurisdiction of the arbitrator is limited accordingly. Furthermore, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in no event may the arbitrator consolidate or allow any party to join any claims of any other employee or person or entity in a single 
 - 8 - 

arbitration proceeding (whether as a multiple-claimant, class, collective, representative, or other similar proceeding) without the express written consent of FirstEnergy and Executive, and the jurisdiction of the arbitrator is limited accordingly. The arbitrator shall apply the substantive internal law of the state of Ohio, including applicable statutes of limitation, except as otherwise required by law. The arbitrator s decision or award (which shall be in writing summarizing the basis therefor) shall be final and binding (subject only to such limited review, if any, as may be available under applicable law), and judgment thereupon may be entered in any Ohio or other court having jurisdiction thereof 
 d. Any and all such claims and disputes shall be brought solely in a party s individual capacity and not as a claimant or class member (or similar capacity) in any purported multiple-claimant, class, collective, representative, or other similar proceeding Class Claims ). Executive and FirstEnergy each hereby waives such party s respective right to bring, prosecute, participate in or benefit from any such Class Claim, and agrees that no such Class Claim may or shall be brought, asserted or maintained in any forum, including any court or in arbitration. Any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to the waiver of or prohibition on Class Claims in this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in and decided exclusively by a state or federal court in Akron, Ohio, and shall not be brought in arbitration or decided by any arbitrator(s). The jurisdiction of the arbitrator hereunder is hereby limited accordingly. In the event such waiver of or prohibition on Class Claims is judicially held to be unenforceable for any reason, any such Class Claims that may be asserted shall be asserted, if at all, exclusively in and decided exclusively by a state or federal court in Akron, Ohio, and not in arbitration, and the agreement to arbitrate in this Section 12 shall be null and void as to such Class Claims. 
 13. No Admission Entire Agreement Amendments Severability. Nothing contained in this Agreement is an admission by FirstEnergy or any other released party of liability or wrongdoing, this Agreement shall not be construed as such, and FirstEnergy and the other released parties expressly deny any such liability or wrongdoing. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties (except for any previously executed agreements containing obligations related to confidentiality, intellectual property, or post-employment competitive activities between Executive and FirstEnergy, which shall remain in full force and effect), and Executive is relying upon no other representations or statements, written or oral. No amendment to this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed by both parties. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable by any court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction and cannot be modified to be enforceable, such provision shall be modified by such court or arbitrator to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. If no such modification is possible, such provision shall immediately become null and void, leaving the remainder of this Agreement in full force and effect, provided that the overall intent of the parties in reaching this Agreement is not defeated. In the event the general release language is deemed illegal or unenforceable, Executive agrees that Executive shall not be entitled to the consideration set forth in Sections 2 and 3 of this Agreement, and Executive agrees to repay such amounts to FirstEnergy if already received. 
 14. Survival. For the avoidance of doubt, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement that contemplate performance following the Separation Date will survive in accordance with their respective terms. 
 15. Counterparts Electronic Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including via facsimile or electronic mail), each of which will be deemed 
 - 9 - 

an original, but all of which together will constitute but one and the same instrument. In the event that any signature to this Agreement or any agreement or certificate delivered pursuant hereto, or any amendment thereof, is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the date first-above written. 

EXECUTIVE ON BEHALF OF FIRSTENERGY 
 
 s Christine Walker By s Brian Tierney _______________ 
 Christine Walker Brian Tierney, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date August 8, 2024 Date August 19, 2024 

- 10 - 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 q32024-ex102.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of October 24, 2024 
 among 
 FIRSTENERGY CORP., as Borrower, 
 THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN, as Lenders , 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as Administrative Agent, 
 and 
 THE FRONTING BANKS NAMED HEREIN, as Fronting Banks 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC. 
 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 
 THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 24, 2024 (this Amendment ), to the Existing Credit Agreement referred to below, is entered into by and among FirstEnergy Corp. FE or the Borrower ), each of the Lenders party hereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, and each of the Fronting Banks party hereto. 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 1. The Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 2. The Borrower has requested that each Lender extend the Termination Date applicable to such Lender for an additional one year period, from October 18, 2027 to October 18, 2028 (the Extension and each Lender has agreed to the Extension as to itself. 
 3. The Borrower desires to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth herein, and the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks have agreed to such amendments on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following terms in the proper alphabetical order therein 
 (i) Third Amendment means the Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, by and among the Borrower, each of the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and each of the Fronting Banks party thereto 
 (ii) Third Amendment Effective Date means the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in the Third Amendment), which date is October 24, 2024. 
 (b) The definition of the term Applicable Margin set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 

BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least BBB- by S&P or Baa3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BB+ by S&P or Ba1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Applicable Margin for Term Benchmark Advances (or, if applicable, RFR Advances) 1.25 1.50 1.75 2.00 2.75 Applicable Margin for Alternate Base Rate Advances 0.25 0.50 0.75 1.00 1.75 
 
 (c) The definition of the term Fee Letters set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (i) by deleting the word and at the end of clause (iii) thereof and 
 (ii) by adding the following at the end of clause (iv) thereof 
 (v) the fee letter, dated September 21, 2023, by and among FE, certain of FE s Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., and The Bank of Nova Scotia, (vi) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among FE, certain of FE s Subsidiaries, JPMorgan, Mizuho, PNC Capital Markets LLC and PNC Bank and (vii) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among FE, certain of FE s Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. 
 (d) The definition of the term Termination Date set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 - 2 - 

Termination Date means October 18, 2028, subject, for certain Lenders, to the extension described in Section 2.19 hereof, or, in any case, the earlier date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 6.01 hereof. 
 (e) Section 2.05(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 
 BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least BBB- by S&P or Baa3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BB+ by S&P or Ba1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Commitment Fee 0.175 0.225 0.275 0.35 0.50 
 
 (f) Section 2.05(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (d) The Borrower agrees to pay to each Fronting Bank, for its own account, certain fees payable by the Borrower in such amounts and payable on such terms as set forth in the Fee Letters or separately agreed upon between the Borrower and such Fronting Bank. 
 (g) Section 2.19(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the last sentence thereof in its entirety as follows 
 Following the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower may request no more than two extensions pursuant to this Section 2.19. 
 (h) Section 5.03(e) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the proviso thereof in its entirety as follows 
 provided, however , that the Borrower may not use such proceeds in connection with any Hostile Acquisition. 
 SECTION 2. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the Amendment Effective Date when, and only when, the following conditions have been satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto in their sole discretion) 
 - 3 - 

(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received, in immediately available funds, to the extent invoiced prior to the Amendment Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following documents, each document being dated the date of receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent (which date shall be the same for all such documents, except as otherwise specified below), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) either (A) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and the Fronting Banks or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such parties have signed counterparts of this Amendment 
 (ii) certified copies of (A) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving this Amendment and the Credit Agreement and (B) all documents evidencing any other necessary corporate action with respect to this Amendment and the Credit Agreement 
 (iii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying (A) the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, (B) that attached thereto are true and correct copies of the Organizational Documents of the Borrower, in each case as in effect on such date, and (C) that true and correct copies of all governmental and regulatory authorizations and approvals required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement have previously been delivered to the Administrative Agent and remain in full force and effect on such date 
 (iv) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower (the statements in which shall be true) certifying that, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, (A) no event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes an Event of Default or an Unmatured Default with respect to the Borrower and (B) all representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which the Borrower is a party are true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of any representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than any such representation or warranty that by its terms refers to a specific date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and 
 - 4 - 

(v) opinions of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, special counsel for the Borrower, and certain local counsel for the Borrower, as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, to the extent such documentation or information is requested by the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender prior to the Amendment Effective Date. 
 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) Due Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment and each other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which the Borrower is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part and do not, and will not, require the consent or approval of its shareholders or members, as the case may be, other than such consents and approvals as have been duly obtained, given or accomplished. 
 (b) No Violation, Etc. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by it of this Amendment, any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is a party, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by it with the provisions hereof or thereof, nor the performance by it of the Credit Agreement, contravenes or will contravene, or results or will result in a breach of, any of the provisions of its Organizational Documents, any Applicable Law, or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, license or any other agreement or instrument to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is party or by which its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries is bound, or results or will result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such contravention or breach, or the creation or imposition of any such Lien, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrower. 
 (c) Governmental Actions . No Governmental Action is or will be required in connection with (i) the execution, delivery or performance by it of, or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by, this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party, or (ii) the performance by it of the Credit Agreement. 
 (d) Execution and Delivery . This Amendment and the other Loan Documents being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party have been or will be (as the case may be) duly executed and delivered by it, and each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement is, and upon execution and delivery thereof each such other Loan Document will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of it enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, however , solely with respect to this Amendment, the Credit 
 - 5 - 

Agreement and such other Loan Document, to the application by a court of general principles of equity and to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 
 (e) No Material Misstatements . The reports, financial statements and other written information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, any Fronting Bank or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, when taken together with the Disclosure Documents, do not contain, when taken as a whole, any untrue statement of a material fact and do not omit, when taken as a whole, to state any fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect. 
 (f) Litigation . There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that involve this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (g) No Default . No Unmatured Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of (i) the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party or (ii) the performance by the Borrower of the Credit Agreement. 
 (h) Anti-Corruption Laws . No proceeds of any Borrowing have been used in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 SECTION 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents . 
 (a) Except as expressly amended hereby, all of the representations, warranties, terms, covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The amendments set forth herein shall be limited precisely as provided for herein and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of, release of, amendment of, , consent to, departure from or modification of any term or provision of the Loan Documents or any other document or instrument referred to therein or of any transaction or further or future action on the part of the Borrower requiring the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks or the Lenders except to the extent specifically provided for herein. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders have not and shall not be deemed to have waived any of their respective rights and remedies against the Borrower for any existing or future Unmatured Default or Event of Default. The Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders reserve the right to insist on strict compliance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Borrower expressly acknowledges such reservation of rights. Any future or additional amendment of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be effective only if set forth in a writing separate and distinct from this Amendment and executed by the appropriate parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 - 6 - 

(b) Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment (i) each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement and (ii) each reference in any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a release or waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Fronting Banks under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a release or a waiver of any provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of any amount owing under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document and all amounts owing in respect of principal, interest, fees and other amounts pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall, to the extent not paid on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, continue to be owing under the Credit Agreement or such other Loan Documents until paid in accordance therewith. 
 SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses . The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, each Fronting Bank and each Lender in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, syndication and administration of this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and each Lender as to their rights and responsibilities under this Amendment. The Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that, pursuant to Section 8.05(a) of the Credit Agreement, it is required to pay, among other costs and expenses set forth therein, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, any local counsel and any specialist counsel for the Administrative Agent), in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts), each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including, without limitation, by 
 - 7 - 

Adobe portable document format file (also known as a PDF file)) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, executed, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided , that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent provided , further , that, without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 SECTION 7. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 SECTION 8. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 8.05, 8.10, 8.11 and 8.12 of the Credit Agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 SECTION 9. Release . In consideration of, among other things, the Administrative Agent s, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders execution and delivery of this Amendment, the Borrower, on behalf of itself and its agents, representatives, officers, directors, advisors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, Releasors ), hereby forever agrees and covenants not to sue or prosecute against any Releasee (as hereinafter defined) and hereby forever waives, releases and discharges, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each Releasee from any and all claims (including, without limitation, crossclaims, counterclaims, rights of set-off and recoupment), actions, causes of action, suits, debts, liens, warranties, damages and consequential damages, judgments, costs or expenses whatsoever, that such Releasor now has or hereafter may have, of whatsoever nature and kind, whether now existing or hereafter arising, whether arising at law or in equity (collectively, the Claims ), against any or all of the Credit Parties in any capacity and their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and their respective successors and assigns and each and all of the officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors and other representatives of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Releasees ), based in whole or in part on facts existing on or before the Amendment Effective Date, that relate to, arise out of or otherwise are in connection with (i) any or all of the Loan Documents or transactions contemplated thereby or any actions or omissions in connection therewith or (ii) any aspect of the dealings or relationships between or among the Borrower, on the one hand, and any or all of the Credit Parties, on the other hand, relating to any or all of the documents, transactions, actions or omissions referenced in clause (i) hereof. The receipt by the Borrower of any Advances or other financial accommodations made by any Credit Party after the 
 - 8 - 

date hereof shall constitute a ratification, adoption, and confirmation by such party of the foregoing general release of all Claims against the Releasees that are based in whole or in part on facts existing on or prior to the date of receipt of any such Advances or other financial accommodations. In entering into this Amendment, the Borrower consulted with, and has been represented by, legal counsel and expressly disclaims any reliance on any representations, acts or omissions by any of the Releasees and hereby agrees and acknowledges that the validity and effectiveness of the releases set forth above do not depend in any way on any such representations, acts and or omissions or the accuracy, completeness or validity thereof. The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents and payment in full of the Advances. 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank signature pages follow 
 - 9 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

FIRSTENERGY CORP. 
 
 By _ s Steven R. Staub Name Steven R. Staub Title Vice President and Treasurer 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent, Fronting Bank and Lender 

By s Khawaja Tariq Name Khawaja Tariq Title Vice President 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 
 By s Patrick Engel Name Patrick Engel Title Managing Director 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., as a Lender 

By s Edward Sacks Name Edward Sacks Title Managing Director 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Anna Bartholomew Name Anne Bartholomew Title Vice President 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Sydney G. Dennis ________ Name Sydney G. Dennis Title Vice President 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 

By s John M. Eyerman Name John M. Eyerman Title Director 
 
 CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 

By s Richard Rivera Name Richard Rivera Title Vice President 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael King Name Michael King Title Authorized Signatory 

MUFG BANK, LTD., as a Lender 
 
 By s Matthew Bly Name Matthew Bly Title Director 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s David Dewar ________ Name David Dewar Title Director 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender 
 
 By s Meg Donnelly Name Meg Donnelly Title Authorized Signatory 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 
 By s Amit Vasani Name Amit Vasani Title Authorized Signatory 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Andrew Sidford Name Andrew Sidford Title Managing Director 
 
 By s Gordon Yip Name Gordon Yip Title Director 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Renee M. Bonnell Name Renee M. Bonnell Title Senior Vice President 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Alkesh Nanavaty Name Alkesh Nanavaty Title Executive Director 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s M. Bernadette Collins Name Bernadette Collins 

Title Senior Vice President 
 
 TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 
 
 By s Catherine Strickland Name Catherine Strickland Title Vice President 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael E. Temnick Name Michael E. Temnick Title Senior Vice President 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Molly H. Ross Name Molly H. Ross Title Director 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Nolan Woodbury Name Nolan Woodbury Title Assistant Vice President 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA, as a Lender 

By s Paul Wargo Name Paul Wargo Title Commercial RM 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 q32024-ex103.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 Exhibit 10.3 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of October 24, 2024 
 among 
 THE CLEVELAND ELECTRIC ILLUMINATING COMPANY, 
 OHIO EDISON COMPANY, 
 and 
 THE TOLEDO EDISON COMPANY, as Borrowers, 
 THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN, as Lenders , 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as Administrative Agent, 
 and 
 THE FRONTING BANKS NAMED HEREIN, as Fronting Banks 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC. 
 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 
 THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 24, 2024 (this Amendment ), to the Existing Credit Agreement referred to below, is entered into by and among The Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company CEI ), Ohio Edison Company OE and The Toledo Edison Company TE , and together with CEI and OE, the Borrowers ), each of the Lenders party hereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, and each of the Fronting Banks party hereto. 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 1. The Borrowers, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 2. The Borrowers have requested that each Lender extend the Termination Date applicable to such Lender for an additional one year period, from October 18, 2027 to October 18, 2028 (the Extension and each Lender has agreed to the Extension as to itself. 
 3. The Borrowers desire to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth herein, and the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks have agreed to such amendments on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following terms in the proper alphabetical order therein 
 (i) Third Amendment means the Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, each of the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and each of the Fronting Banks party thereto. 
 (ii) Third Amendment Effective Date means the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in the Third Amendment), which date is October 24, 2024. 
 (b) The definition of the term Applicable Margin set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 

BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A+ by S&P or A1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 but at least BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 6 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 5 
 Applicable Margin for Term Benchmark Advances (or, if applicable, RFR Advances) 0.875 1.00 1.125 1.25 1.50 1.75 Applicable Margin for Alternate Base Rate Advances 0.00 0.00 0.125 0.25 0.50 0.75 
 
 (c) The definition of the term Fee Letters set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (i) by deleting the word and at the end of clause (iii) thereof and 
 (ii) by adding the following at the end of clause (iv) thereof 
 (v) the fee letter, dated September 21, 2023, by and among the Borrowers, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., and The Bank of Nova Scotia, (vi) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, JPMorgan, Mizuho, PNC Capital Markets LLC and PNC Bank and (vii) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. 
 (d) The definition of the term Parent Credit Agreement set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 - 2 - 

Parent Credit Agreement means that Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021, by and among FE and FET as borrowers, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto from time to time, and JPMorgan as administrative agent, as amended, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, including for the release of FET, as borrower thereunder, pursuant to Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement and Consent, Limited Waiver and Limited Release, dated as of October 20, 2023. 
 (e) The definition of the term Termination Date set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Termination Date means October 18, 2028, subject, for certain Lenders, to the extension described in Section 2.19 hereof, or, in any case, the earlier date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 6.01 hereof. 
 (f) Section 2.05(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 
 BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A+ by S&P or A1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 but at least BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 6 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 5 
 Commitment Fee 0.075 0.10 0.125 0.175 0.225 0.275 
 
 (g) Section 2.05(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (d) The Borrowers agree to pay to each Fronting Bank, for its own account, certain fees payable by the Borrowers in such amounts and payable on such terms as set forth in the Fee Letters or separately agreed upon between the Borrowers and such Fronting Bank. 
 (h) Section 2.19(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the last sentence thereof in its entirety as follows 
 Following the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrowers may request no more than two extensions pursuant to this Section 2.19. 
 - 3 - 

(i) Section 5.03(e) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the proviso thereof in its entirety as follows 
 provided, however , that such Borrower may not use such proceeds in connection with any Hostile Acquisition. 
 SECTION 2. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the Amendment Effective Date when, and only when, the following conditions have been satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto in their sole discretion) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received, in immediately available funds, to the extent invoiced prior to the Amendment Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrowers hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following documents, each document being dated the date of receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent (which date shall be the same for all such documents, except as otherwise specified below), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) either (A) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by each of the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and the Fronting Banks or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such parties have signed counterparts of this Amendment 
 (ii) certified copies of (A) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Borrower approving this Amendment and the Credit Agreement and (B) all documents evidencing any other necessary corporate action with respect to this Amendment and the Credit Agreement 
 (iii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Borrower certifying (A) the names and true signatures of the officers of such Borrower authorized to sign this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, (B) that attached thereto are true and correct copies of the Organizational Documents of such Borrower, in each case as in effect on such date, and (C) that true and correct copies of all governmental and regulatory authorizations and approvals required for the due execution, delivery and performance by such Borrower of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement have previously been delivered to the Administrative Agent and remain in full force and effect on such date 
 (iv) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of each Borrower (the statements in which shall be true) certifying that, both before and after giving effect to this 
 - 4 - 

Amendment, (A) no event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes an Event of Default or an Unmatured Default with respect to such Borrower and (B) all representations and warranties of such Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which such Borrower is a party are true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of any representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than any such representation or warranty that by its terms refers to a specific date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and 
 (v) opinions of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, special counsel for the Borrowers, and certain local counsel for the Borrowers, as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, to the extent such documentation or information is requested by the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender prior to the Amendment Effective Date. 
 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . Each Borrower represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) Due Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment and each other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which such Borrower is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part and do not, and will not, require the consent or approval of its shareholders or members, as the case may be, other than such consents and approvals as have been duly obtained, given or accomplished. 
 (b) No Violation, Etc. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by it of this Amendment, any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is a party, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by it with the provisions hereof or thereof, nor the performance by it of the Credit Agreement, contravenes or will contravene, or results or will result in a breach of, any of the provisions of its Organizational Documents, any Applicable Law, or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, license or any other agreement or instrument to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is party or by which its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries is bound, or results or will result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such contravention or breach, or the creation or imposition of any such Lien, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower. 
 (c) Governmental Actions . No Governmental Action is or will be required in connection with (i) the execution, delivery or performance by it of, or the consummation by it of 
 - 5 - 

the transactions contemplated by, this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party, or (ii) the performance by it of the Credit Agreement. 
 (d) Execution and Delivery . This Amendment and the other Loan Documents being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party have been or will be (as the case may be) duly executed and delivered by it, and each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement is, and upon execution and delivery thereof each such other Loan Document will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of it enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, however , solely with respect to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and such other Loan Document, to the application by a court of general principles of equity and to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 
 (e) No Material Misstatements . The reports, financial statements and other written information furnished by or on behalf of such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, any Fronting Bank or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, when taken together with the Disclosure Documents, do not contain, when taken as a whole, any untrue statement of a material fact and do not omit, when taken as a whole, to state any fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect. 
 (f) Litigation . There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of such Borrower, threatened against such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that involve this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (g) No Default . No Unmatured Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of (i) the execution, delivery or performance by such Borrower of this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party or (ii) the performance by such Borrower of the Credit Agreement. 
 (h) Anti-Corruption Laws . No proceeds of any Borrowing have been used in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 SECTION 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents . 
 (a) Except as expressly amended hereby, all of the representations, warranties, terms, covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The amendments set forth herein shall be limited precisely as provided for herein and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of, release of, amendment of, consent to, departure from or modification of any term or provision of the Loan Documents or any other document or instrument referred to therein or of any transaction or further or future action on the 
 - 6 - 

part of any Borrower requiring the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks or the Lenders except to the extent specifically provided for herein. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders have not and shall not be deemed to have waived any of their respective rights and remedies against the Borrowers for any existing or future Unmatured Default or Event of Default. The Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders reserve the right to insist on strict compliance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Borrowers expressly acknowledge such reservation of rights. Any future or additional amendment of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be effective only if set forth in a writing separate and distinct from this Amendment and executed by the appropriate parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 (b) Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment (i) each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement and (ii) each reference in any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a release or waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Fronting Banks under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a release or a waiver of any provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of any amount owing under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document and all amounts owing in respect of principal, interest, fees and other amounts pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall, to the extent not paid on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, continue to be owing under the Credit Agreement or such other Loan Documents until paid in accordance therewith. 
 SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses . Each Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, each Fronting Bank and each Lender in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, syndication and administration of this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and each Lender as to their rights and responsibilities under this Amendment. Each Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, counsel fees and 
 - 7 - 

expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section. The Borrowers acknowledge and agree that, pursuant to Section 8.05(a) of the Credit Agreement, they are required to pay, among other costs and expenses set forth therein, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, any local counsel and any specialist counsel for the Administrative Agent), in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts), each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including, without limitation, by Adobe portable document format file (also known as a PDF file)) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, executed, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided , that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent provided , further , that, without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 SECTION 7. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 SECTION 8. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 8.05, 8.10, 8.11 and 8.12 of the Credit Agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 SECTION 9. Release . In consideration of, among other things, the Administrative Agent s, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders execution and delivery of this Amendment, each Borrower, on behalf of itself and its agents, representatives, officers, directors, advisors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, Releasors ), hereby forever agrees and covenants not to sue or prosecute against any Releasee (as hereinafter defined) and hereby forever waives, releases and discharges, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each Releasee from any and all claims (including, without limitation, crossclaims, counterclaims, rights of set-off and recoupment), actions, causes of action, suits, debts, liens, warranties, damages and consequential damages, judgments, costs or expenses whatsoever, that such Releasor now has or hereafter may have, of whatsoever nature and kind, whether now 
 - 8 - 

existing or hereafter arising, whether arising at law or in equity (collectively, the Claims ), against any or all of the Credit Parties in any capacity and their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and their respective successors and assigns and each and all of the officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors and other representatives of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Releasees ), based in whole or in part on facts existing on or before the Amendment Effective Date, that relate to, arise out of or otherwise are in connection with (i) any or all of the Loan Documents or transactions contemplated thereby or any actions or omissions in connection therewith or (ii) any aspect of the dealings or relationships between or among the Borrowers, on the one hand, and any or all of the Credit Parties, on the other hand, relating to any or all of the documents, transactions, actions or omissions referenced in clause (i) hereof. The receipt by any Borrower of any Advances or other financial accommodations made by any Credit Party after the date hereof shall constitute a ratification, adoption, and confirmation by such party of the foregoing general release of all Claims against the Releasees that are based in whole or in part on facts existing on or prior to the date of receipt of any such Advances or other financial accommodations. In entering into this Amendment, each Borrower consulted with, and has been represented by, legal counsel and expressly disclaims any reliance on any representations, acts or omissions by any of the Releasees and hereby agrees and acknowledges that the validity and effectiveness of the releases set forth above do not depend in any way on any such representations, acts and or omissions or the accuracy, completeness or validity thereof. The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents and payment in full of the Advances. 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank signature pages follow 
 - 9 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 
 THE CLEVELAND ELECTRIC ILLUMINATING COMPANY 
 OHIO EDISON COMPANY 
 THE TOLEDO EDISON COMPANY 
 By s Steven R. Staub Name Steven R. Staub Title Vice President and Treasurer 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Fronting Bank and Lender 

By s Khawaja Tariq Name Khawaja Tariq Title Vice President 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., as a Lender 

By s Edward Sacks Name Edward Sacks Title Managing Director 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender and as Fronting Bank 
 
 By s Anna Bartholomew Name Anne Bartholomew Title Vice President 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Sydney G. Dennis Name Sydney G. Dennis Title Vice President 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s John M. Eyerman Name John M. Eyerman Title Director 
 
 CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 

By s Richard Rivera Name Richard Rivera Title Vice President 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael King Name Michael King Title Authorized Signatory 

MUFG BANK, LTD., 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s Matthew Bly Name Matthew Bly Title Director 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s David Dewar ________ Name David Dewar Title Director 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender 
 
 By s Meg Donnelly Name Meg Donnelly Title Authorized Signatory 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 
 By s Amit Vasani Name Amit Vasani Title Authorized Signatory 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Andrew Sidford Name Andrew Sidford Title Managing Director 
 
 By s Gordon Yip Name Gordon Yip Title Director 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Renee M. Bonnell Name Renee M. Bonnell Title Senior Vice President 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Alkesh Nanavaty Name Alkesh Nanavaty Title Executive Director 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s M. Bernadette Collins Name Bernadette Collins Title Senior Vice President 
 
 TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 
 
 By s Catherine Strickland Name Catherine Strickland Title Vice President 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael E. Temnick Name Michael E. Temnick Title Senior Vice President 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Molly H. Ross Name Molly H. Ross Title Director 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Nolan Woodbury Name Nolan Woodbury Title Assistant Vice President 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA, as a Lender 
 
 By s Paul Wargo Name Paul Wargo Title Commercial RM 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a New Lender 
 
 By s Patrick Engel Name Patrick Engel Title Managing Director 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 q32024-ex104.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 
 Exhibit 10.4 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of October 24, 2024 
 among 
 FIRSTENERGY PENNSYLVANIA ELECTRIC COMPANY , as Borrower, 
 
 THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN, as Lenders , 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. as Administrative Agent, 
 and 
 THE FRONTING BANKS NAMED HEREIN, as Fronting Banks 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC. 
 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 
 THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 24, 2024 (this Amendment ), to the Existing Credit Agreement referred to below, is entered into by and among FirstEnergy Pennsylvania Electric Company FE Penelec or the Borrower ), each of the Lenders party hereto, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, and each of the Fronting Banks party hereto. 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 1. The Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 2. The Borrower has requested that each Lender extend the Termination Date applicable to such Lender for an additional one year period, from October 18, 2027 to October 18, 2028 (the Extension and each Lender has agreed to the Extension as to itself. 
 3. The Borrower desires to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth herein, and the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks have agreed to such amendments on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following terms in the proper alphabetical order therein 
 (i) Third Amendment means the Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, by and among the Borrower, each of the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and each of the Fronting Banks party thereto. 
 (ii) Third Amendment Effective Date means the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in the Third Amendment), which date is October 24, 2024. 
 (b) The definition of the term Applicable Margin set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 

BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A+ by S&P or A1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Applicable Margin for Term Benchmark Advances (or, if applicable, RFR Advances) 0.875 1.00 1.125 1.25 1.50 Applicable Margin for Alternate Base Rate Advances 0.00 0.00 0.125 0.25 0.50 
 
 (c) The definition of the term Fee Letters set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (i) by deleting the word and at the end of clause (iii) thereof and 
 (ii) by adding the following at the end of clause (iv) thereof 
 (v) the fee letter, dated September 21, 2023, by and among the Borrower, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., and The Bank of Nova Scotia, (vi) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrower, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, JPMorgan, Mizuho, PNC Capital Markets LLC and PNC Bank and (vii) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrower, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. 
 (d) The definition of the term Parent Credit Agreement set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 - 2 - 

Parent Credit Agreement means that Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021, by and among FE and FET as borrowers, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto from time to time, and JPMorgan as administrative agent, as amended, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, including for the release of FET, as borrower thereunder, pursuant to Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement and Consent, Limited Waiver and Limited Release, dated as of October 20, 2023. 
 (e) The definition of the term Termination Date set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Termination Date means October 18, 2028, subject, for certain Lenders, to the extension described in Section 2.19 hereof, or, in any case, the earlier date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 6.01 hereof. 
 (f) Section 2.05(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 
 BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A+ by S&P or A1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Commitment Fee 0.075 0.10 0.125 0.175 0.225 
 
 (g) Section 2.05(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (d) The Borrower agrees to pay to each Fronting Bank, for its own account, certain fees payable by the Borrower in such amounts and payable on such terms as set forth in the Fee Letters or separately agreed upon between the Borrower and such Fronting Bank. 
 (h) Section 2.19(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the last sentence thereof in its entirety as follows 
 Following the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower may request no more than two extensions pursuant to this Section 2.19. 
 - 3 - 

(i) Section 5.03(e) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the proviso thereof in its entirety as follows 
 provided, however , that the Borrower may not use such proceeds in connection with any Hostile Acquisition. 
 (j) Schedule II to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Schedule II hereto. 
 SECTION 2. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the Amendment Effective Date when, and only when, the following conditions have been satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto in their sole discretion) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received, in immediately available funds, to the extent invoiced prior to the Amendment Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following documents, each document being dated the date of receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent (which date shall be the same for all such documents, except as otherwise specified below), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) either (A) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and the Fronting Banks or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such parties have signed counterparts of this Amendment 
 (ii) certified copies of (A) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving this Amendment and the Credit Agreement and (B) all documents evidencing any other necessary corporate action with respect to this Amendment and the Credit Agreement 
 (iii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying (A) the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, (B) that attached thereto are true and correct copies of the Organizational Documents of the Borrower, in each case as in effect on such date, and (C) that true and correct copies of all governmental and regulatory authorizations and approvals required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement have previously been delivered to the Administrative Agent and remain in full force and effect on such date 
 - 4 - 

(iv) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower (the statements in which shall be true) certifying that, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, (A) no event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes an Event of Default or an Unmatured Default with respect to the Borrower and (B) all representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which the Borrower is a party are true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of any representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than any such representation or warranty that by its terms refers to a specific date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and 
 (v) an opinion of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, special counsel for the Borrower. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, to the extent such documentation or information is requested by the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender prior to the Amendment Effective Date. 
 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) Due Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment and each other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which the Borrower is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part and do not, and will not, require the consent or approval of its shareholders or members, as the case may be, other than such consents and approvals as have been duly obtained, given or accomplished. 
 (b) No Violation, Etc. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by it of this Amendment, any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is a party, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by it with the provisions hereof or thereof, nor the performance by it of the Credit Agreement, contravenes or will contravene, or results or will result in a breach of, any of the provisions of its Organizational Documents, any Applicable Law, or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, license or any other agreement or instrument to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is party or by which its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries is bound, or results or will result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such contravention or breach, or the creation or imposition of any such Lien, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrower. 
 - 5 - 

(c) Governmental Actions . No Governmental Action is or will be required in connection with (i) the execution, delivery or performance by it of, or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by, this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party, or (ii) the performance by it of the Credit Agreement. 
 (d) Execution and Delivery . This Amendment and the other Loan Documents being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party have been or will be (as the case may be) duly executed and delivered by it, and each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement is, and upon execution and delivery thereof each such other Loan Document will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of it enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, however , solely with respect to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and such other Loan Document, to the application by a court of general principles of equity and to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 
 (e) No Material Misstatements . The reports, financial statements and other written information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, any Fronting Bank or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, when taken together with the Disclosure Documents, do not contain, when taken as a whole, any untrue statement of a material fact and do not omit, when taken as a whole, to state any fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect. 
 (f) Litigation . There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that involve this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (g) No Default . No Unmatured Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of (i) the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party or (ii) the performance by the Borrower of the Credit Agreement. 
 (h) Anti-Corruption Laws . No proceeds of any Borrowing have been used in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 SECTION 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents . 
 (a) Except as expressly amended hereby, all of the representations, warranties, terms, covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The amendments set forth herein shall be limited precisely as provided for herein and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of, release of, amendment of, consent to, 
 - 6 - 

departure from or modification of any term or provision of the Loan Documents or any other document or instrument referred to therein or of any transaction or further or future action on the part of the Borrower requiring the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks or the Lenders except to the extent specifically provided for herein. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders have not and shall not be deemed to have waived any of their respective rights and remedies against the Borrower for any existing or future Unmatured Default or Event of Default. The Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders reserve the right to insist on strict compliance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Borrower expressly acknowledges such reservation of rights. Any future or additional amendment of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be effective only if set forth in a writing separate and distinct from this Amendment and executed by the appropriate parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 (b) Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment (i) each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement and (ii) each reference in any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a release or waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Fronting Banks under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a release or a waiver of any provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of any amount owing under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document and all amounts owing in respect of principal, interest, fees and other amounts pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall, to the extent not paid on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, continue to be owing under the Credit Agreement or such other Loan Documents until paid in accordance therewith. 
 SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses . The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, each Fronting Bank and each Lender in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, syndication and administration of this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and each Lender as to their rights and responsibilities under this Amendment. The Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders in connection with the enforcement (whether through 
 - 7 - 

negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that, pursuant to Section 8.05(a) of the Credit Agreement, it is required to pay, among other costs and expenses set forth therein, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, any local counsel and any specialist counsel for the Administrative Agent), in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts), each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including, without limitation, by Adobe portable document format file (also known as a PDF file)) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, executed, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided , that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent provided , further , that, without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 SECTION 7. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 SECTION 8. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 8.05, 8.10, 8.11 and 8.12 of the Credit Agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 SECTION 9. Release . In consideration of, among other things, the Administrative Agent s, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders execution and delivery of this Amendment, the Borrower, on behalf of itself and its agents, representatives, officers, directors, advisors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, Releasors ), hereby forever agrees and covenants not to sue or prosecute against any Releasee (as hereinafter defined) and hereby forever waives, releases and discharges, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each Releasee from any and all claims (including, without limitation, crossclaims, counterclaims, rights of set-off and recoupment), actions, causes of action, suits, debts, liens, warranties, damages and consequential damages, judgments, costs or expenses whatsoever, that 
 - 8 - 

such Releasor now has or hereafter may have, of whatsoever nature and kind, whether now existing or hereafter arising, whether arising at law or in equity (collectively, the Claims ), against any or all of the Credit Parties in any capacity and their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and their respective successors and assigns and each and all of the officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors and other representatives of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Releasees ), based in whole or in part on facts existing on or before the Amendment Effective Date, that relate to, arise out of or otherwise are in connection with (i) any or all of the Loan Documents or transactions contemplated thereby or any actions or omissions in connection therewith or (ii) any aspect of the dealings or relationships between or among the Borrower, on the one hand, and any or all of the Credit Parties, on the other hand, relating to any or all of the documents, transactions, actions or omissions referenced in clause (i) hereof. The receipt by the Borrower of any Advances or other financial accommodations made by any Credit Party after the date hereof shall constitute a ratification, adoption, and confirmation by such party of the foregoing general release of all Claims against the Releasees that are based in whole or in part on facts existing on or prior to the date of receipt of any such Advances or other financial accommodations. In entering into this Amendment, the Borrower consulted with, and has been represented by, legal counsel and expressly disclaims any reliance on any representations, acts or omissions by any of the Releasees and hereby agrees and acknowledges that the validity and effectiveness of the releases set forth above do not depend in any way on any such representations, acts and or omissions or the accuracy, completeness or validity thereof. The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents and payment in full of the Advances. 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank signature pages follow 
 - 9 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

FIRSTENERGY PENNSYLVANIA ELECTRIC COMPANY 
 By s Steven R. Staub Name Steven R. Staub Title Vice President and Treasurer 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., as Administrative Agent, Fronting Bank and Lender 
 
 By s Edward Sacks Name Edward Sacks Title Managing Director 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s Khawaja Tariq Name Khawaja Tariq Title Vice President 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender and as Fronting Bank 
 
 By s Anna Bartholomew Name Anne Bartholomew Title Vice President 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Sydney G. Dennis ________ Name Sydney G. Dennis Title Vice President 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s John M. Eyerman Name John M. Eyerman Title Director 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 

By s Richard Rivera Name Richard Rivera Title Vice President 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s Michael King Name Michael King Title Authorized Signatory 

MUFG BANK, LTD., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Matthew Bly Name Matthew Bly Title Director 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s David Dewar ________ Name David Dewar Title Director 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender 
 
 By s Meg Donnelly Name Meg Donnelly Title Authorized Signatory 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 
 By s Amit Vasani Name Amit Vasani Title Authorized Signatory 

- 2 - 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Andrew Sidford Name Andrew Sidford Title Managing Director 
 
 By s Gordon Yip Name Gordon Yip Title Director 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Renee M. Bonnell Name Renee M. Bonnell Title Senior Vice President 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Alkesh Nanavaty Name Alkesh Nanavaty Title Executive Director 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s M. Bernadette Collins Name Bernadette Collins Title Senior Vice President 
 
 TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 
 
 By s Catherine Strickland Name Catherine Strickland Title Vice President 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 - 3 - 

as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael E. Temnick Name Michael E. Temnick Title Senior Vice President 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA, as a Lender 
 
 By s Paul Wargo Name Paul Wargo Title Commercial RM 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Molly H. Ross Name Molly H. Ross Title Director 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Nolan Woodbury Name Nolan Woodbury Title Assistant Vice President 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a New Lender 
 
 By s Patrick Engel Name Patrick Engel Title Managing Director 
 
 - 4 - 

SCHEDULE II 
 List of L C Fronting Bank Commitments 

Fronting Bank Fronting Bank Address L C Fronting Bank Commitment Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 1300 Thames Street Wharf, 4th Floor 
 Baltimore, BD 21231 
 Contact Morgan Stanley Loan Servicing 
 Phone (443) 627-6648 
 Email msloanservicing morganstanley.com 
 30,000,000 PNC Bank, National Association 300 Fifth Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
 Attention Montreal Phillips, Loan Support Analyst 
 Phone (440) 546-9431 
 25,000,000 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 550 S Tryon Street, 11 th Floor Charlotte, NC 28202 
 
 Contact Patrick Engel 
 Phone (704) 374-2385 
 Email Patrick.D.Engel wellsfargo.com 
 20,000,000 Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 1271 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020 
 
 Contact Erik Kildal-Brandt Leo Pau 
 Phone (212) 282-4089 (212) 282-3418 
 Email Erik.Kildal-Brandt mizuhogroup.com leo.pau mizuhogroup.com LAU_MGS mizuhogroup.com 
 15,000,000 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 10421 Highland Manor Drive-Floor 3, Tampa, FL 33610-9128 
 Attention Global Trade Services 
 Phone 800-634-1969 
 Email GTS.Client.Services jpmchase.com 
 Solely with respect to the Existing Letters of Credit set forth on Schedule III 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 q32024-ex105.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 Exhibit 10.5 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of October 24, 2024 
 among 
 JERSEY CENTRAL POWER & LIGHT COMPANY, as Borrower, 
 THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN, as Lenders , 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. , as Administrative Agent, 
 and 
 THE FRONTING BANKS NAMED HEREIN, as Fronting Banks 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC. 
 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 
 THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 24, 2024 (this Amendment ), to the Existing Credit Agreement referred to below, is entered into by and among Jersey Central Power & Light Company JCP&L or the Borrower ), each of the Lenders party hereto, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, and each of the Fronting Banks party hereto. 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 1. The Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 2. The Borrower desires to increase the aggregate amount of the Commitments by 250,000,000 (the Commitment Increase pursuant to Section 2.06(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement and each Lender party hereto as an Increasing Lender (each, an Increasing Lender has agreed to increase its Commitment as set forth herein. 
 3. The Borrower has requested that each Lender extend the Termination Date applicable to such Lender for an additional one year period, from October 18, 2027 to October 18, 2028 (the Extension and each Lender has agreed to the Extension as to itself. 
 4. The Borrower desires to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth herein, and the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks have agreed to such amendments on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Commitment Increase. 
 (a) On the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), each Increasing Lender agrees to increase its Commitment to the aggregate amount set forth opposite such Increasing Lender s name on Schedule I to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. After giving effect to the Commitment Increase, the aggregate amount of the availability under Section 2.06(b) of the Credit Agreement for additional Commitments shall be 0. 
 (b) In connection with the foregoing and the other transactions contemplated hereby, on the Amendment Effective Date 
 (i) each Increasing Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall 

determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to the Commitment Increase and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the total Commitments of all the Lenders to equal its Percentage of such Commitments and 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent shall make such reallocations or other relevant actions in respect of the Commitments (as defined in and in effect under the Existing Credit Agreement) as are necessary in order that each Lender s Commitment under the Credit Agreement reflects such Lender s Percentage of the total Commitments on the Amendment Effective Date. 
 SECTION 2. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following terms in the proper alphabetical order therein 
 (i) Third Amendment means the Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, by and among the Borrower, each of the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and each of the Fronting Banks party thereto. 
 (ii) Third Amendment Effective Date means the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in the Third Amendment), which date is October 24, 2024. 
 (b) The definition of the term Applicable Margin set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 

BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Applicable Margin for Term Benchmark Advances (or, if applicable, RFR Advances) 1.00 1.125 1.25 1.50 1.75 Applicable Margin for Alternate Base Rate Advances 0.00 0.125 0.25 0.50 0.75 
 
 (c) The definition of the term Fee Letters set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (i) by deleting the word and at the end of clause (iii) thereof and 
 (ii) by adding the following at the end of clause (iv) thereof 
 (v) the fee letter, dated September 21, 2023, by and among the Borrower, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., and The Bank of Nova Scotia, (vi) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, JPMorgan, Mizuho, PNC Capital Markets LLC and PNC Bank and (vii) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrower, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. 
 (d) The definition of the term Parent Credit Agreement set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 

Parent Credit Agreement means that Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021, by and among FE and FET as borrowers, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto from time to time, and JPMorgan as administrative agent, as amended, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, including for the release of FET, as borrower thereunder, pursuant to Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement and Consent, Limited Waiver and Limited Release, dated as of October 20, 2023. 
 (e) The definition of the term Termination Date set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Termination Date means October 18, 2028, subject, for certain Lenders, to the extension described in Section 2.19 hereof, or, in any case, the earlier date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 6.01 hereof. 
 (f) Section 2.05(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 
 BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Commitment Fee 0.10 0.125 0.175 0.225 0.275 
 
 (g) Section 2.05(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (d) The Borrower agrees to pay to each Fronting Bank, for its own account, certain fees payable by the Borrower in such amounts and payable on such terms as set forth in the Fee Letters or separately agreed upon between the Borrower and such Fronting Bank. 
 (h) Section 2.19(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the last sentence thereof in its entirety as follows 
 Following the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower may request no more than two extensions pursuant to this Section 2.19. 

(i) Section 5.03(e) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the proviso thereof in its entirety as follows 
 provided, however , that the Borrower may not use such proceeds in connection with any Hostile Acquisition. 
 (j) Schedule I to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Schedule I hereto. 
 (k) Schedule II to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Schedule II hereto. 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the Amendment Effective Date when, and only when, the following conditions have been satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto in their sole discretion) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received, in immediately available funds, to the extent invoiced prior to the Amendment Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following documents, each document being dated the date of receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent (which date shall be the same for all such documents, except as otherwise specified below), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) either (A) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and the Fronting Banks or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such parties have signed counterparts of this Amendment 
 (ii) certified copies of (A) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving this Amendment and the Credit Agreement and (B) all documents evidencing any other necessary corporate action with respect to this Amendment and the Credit Agreement 
 (iii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying (A) the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, (B) that attached thereto are true and correct copies of the Organizational Documents of the Borrower, in each case as in effect on such date, and (C) that true and correct copies of all governmental and regulatory authorizations and approvals required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement 

have previously been delivered to the Administrative Agent and remain in full force and effect on such date 
 (iv) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower (the statements in which shall be true) certifying that, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, (A) no event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes an Event of Default or an Unmatured Default with respect to the Borrower and (B) all representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which the Borrower is a party are true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of any representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than any such representation or warranty that by its terms refers to a specific date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and 
 (v) an opinion of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, special counsel for the Borrower. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, to the extent such documentation or information is requested by the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender prior to the Amendment Effective Date. 
 SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) Due Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment and each other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which the Borrower is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part and do not, and will not, require the consent or approval of its shareholders or members, as the case may be, other than such consents and approvals as have been duly obtained, given or accomplished. 
 (b) No Violation, Etc. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by it of this Amendment, any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is a party, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by it with the provisions hereof or thereof, nor the performance by it of the Credit Agreement, contravenes or will contravene, or results or will result in a breach of, any of the provisions of its Organizational Documents, any Applicable Law, or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, license or any other agreement or instrument to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is party or by which its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries is bound, or results or will result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such contravention or breach, or the creation or imposition of any such Lien, individually or in the aggregate, has not 

had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrower. 
 (c) Governmental Actions . No Governmental Action is or will be required in connection with (i) the execution, delivery or performance by it of, or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by, this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party, or (ii) the performance by it of the Credit Agreement. 
 (d) Execution and Delivery . This Amendment and the other Loan Documents being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party have been or will be (as the case may be) duly executed and delivered by it, and each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement is, and upon execution and delivery thereof each such other Loan Document will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of it enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, however , solely with respect to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and such other Loan Document, to the application by a court of general principles of equity and to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 
 (e) No Material Misstatements . The reports, financial statements and other written information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, any Fronting Bank or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, when taken together with the Disclosure Documents, do not contain, when taken as a whole, any untrue statement of a material fact and do not omit, when taken as a whole, to state any fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect. 
 (f) Litigation . There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that involve this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (g) No Default . No Unmatured Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of (i) the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party or (ii) the performance by the Borrower of the Credit Agreement. 
 (h) Anti-Corruption Laws . No proceeds of any Borrowing have been used in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents . 
 (a) Except as expressly amended hereby, all of the representations, warranties, terms, covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in 

full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The amendments set forth herein shall be limited precisely as provided for herein and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of, release of, amendment of, consent to, departure from or modification of any term or provision of the Loan Documents or any other document or instrument referred to therein or of any transaction or further or future action on the part of the Borrower requiring the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks or the Lenders except to the extent specifically provided for herein. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders have not and shall not be deemed to have waived any of their respective rights and remedies against the Borrower for any existing or future Unmatured Default or Event of Default. The Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders reserve the right to insist on strict compliance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Borrower expressly acknowledges such reservation of rights. Any future or additional amendment of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be effective only if set forth in a writing separate and distinct from this Amendment and executed by the appropriate parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 (b) Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment (i) each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement and (ii) each reference in any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a release or waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Fronting Banks under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a release or a waiver of any provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of any amount owing under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document and all amounts owing in respect of principal, interest, fees and other amounts pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall, to the extent not paid on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, continue to be owing under the Credit Agreement or such other Loan Documents until paid in accordance therewith. 
 SECTION 6. Costs and Expenses . The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, each Fronting Bank and each Lender in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, syndication and administration of this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and each Lender as to their rights and responsibilities under this Amendment. The Borrower further 

agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that, pursuant to Section 8.05(a) of the Credit Agreement, it is required to pay, among other costs and expenses set forth therein, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, any local counsel and any specialist counsel for the Administrative Agent), in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts), each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including, without limitation, by Adobe portable document format file (also known as a PDF file)) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, executed, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided , that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent provided , further , that, without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 SECTION 8. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 SECTION 9. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 8.05, 8.10, 8.11 and 8.12 of the Credit Agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 SECTION 10. Release . In consideration of, among other things, the Administrative Agent s, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders execution and delivery of this Amendment, the Borrower, on behalf of itself and its agents, representatives, officers, directors, advisors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, Releasors ), hereby forever agrees and covenants not to sue or prosecute against any Releasee (as hereinafter defined) and hereby forever waives, releases and discharges, to the fullest extent permitted by 

law, each Releasee from any and all claims (including, without limitation, crossclaims, counterclaims, rights of set-off and recoupment), actions, causes of action, suits, debts, liens, warranties, damages and consequential damages, judgments, costs or expenses whatsoever, that such Releasor now has or hereafter may have, of whatsoever nature and kind, whether now existing or hereafter arising, whether arising at law or in equity (collectively, the Claims ), against any or all of the Credit Parties in any capacity and their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and their respective successors and assigns and each and all of the officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors and other representatives of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Releasees ), based in whole or in part on facts existing on or before the Amendment Effective Date, that relate to, arise out of or otherwise are in connection with (i) any or all of the Loan Documents or transactions contemplated thereby or any actions or omissions in connection therewith or (ii) any aspect of the dealings or relationships between or among the Borrower, on the one hand, and any or all of the Credit Parties, on the other hand, relating to any or all of the documents, transactions, actions or omissions referenced in clause (i) hereof. The receipt by the Borrower of any Advances or other financial accommodations made by any Credit Party after the date hereof shall constitute a ratification, adoption, and confirmation by such party of the foregoing general release of all Claims against the Releasees that are based in whole or in part on facts existing on or prior to the date of receipt of any such Advances or other financial accommodations. In entering into this Amendment, the Borrower consulted with, and has been represented by, legal counsel and expressly disclaims any reliance on any representations, acts or omissions by any of the Releasees and hereby agrees and acknowledges that the validity and effectiveness of the releases set forth above do not depend in any way on any such representations, acts and or omissions or the accuracy, completeness or validity thereof. The provisions of this Section 10 shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents and payment in full of the Advances. 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank signature pages follow 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

JERSEY CENTRAL POWER & LIGHT COMPANY 
 
 By s Weizhong Wang Name Weizhong Wang Title Treasurer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement (New Jersey) 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., 
 as Administrative Agent, Fronting Bank, Lender and Increasing Lender 
 
 By s Edward Sacks Name Edward Sacks Title Managing Director 

COBANK, ACB, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s David B. Willis Name David B. Willis Title Managing Director 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s Khawaja Tariq Name Khawaja Tariq Title Vice President 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s Richard Rivera Name Richard Rivera Title Vice President 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender and as Fronting Bank 
 
 By s Anna Bartholomew Name Anne Bartholomew Title Vice President 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement (New Jersey) 

By s Sydney G. Dennis ________ Name Sydney G. Dennis Title Vice President 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 

By s John M. Eyerman Name John M. Eyerman Title Director 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael King Name Michael King Title Authorized Signatory 

MUFG BANK, LTD., 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s Matthew Bly Name Matthew Bly Title Director 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s David Dewar ________ Name David Dewar Title Director 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender 
 
 By s Meg Donnelly Name Meg Donnelly Title Authorized Signatory 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s Patrick Engel Name Patrick Engel Title Managing Director 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Andrew Sidford Name Andrew Sidford Title Managing Director 
 
 By s Gordon Yip Name Gordon Yip Title Director 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 
 By s Amit Vasani Name Amit Vasani Title Authorized Signatory 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Renee M. Bonnell Name Renee M. Bonnell Title Senior Vice President 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 
 as a Lender 

By s Alkesh Nanavaty Name Alkesh Nanavaty Title Executive Director 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s M. Bernadette Collins Name Bernadette Collins Title Senior Vice President 
 
 TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 
 
 By s Catherine Strickland Name Catherine Strickland Title Vice President 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael E. Temnick Name Michael E. Temnick Title Senior Vice President 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Molly H. Ross Name Molly H. Ross Title Director 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Nolan Woodbury Name Nolan Woodbury Title Assistant Vice President 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA, as a Lender 

By s Paul Wargo Name Paul Wargo Title Commercial RM 

SCHEDULE I 
 List of Commitments and Lending Offices 
 
 Lender Commitment 
 Amount 
 Lending Office CoBank, ACB 59,101,851.85 6340 S. Fiddlers Green Circle 
 Greenwood Village, CO 80111 
 Attn Loan Administration 
 
 Contact Beth Johnson 
 Phone (303) 740-4347 
 Email loanadminnotices cobank.com 
 loanadmin cobank.com 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 40,747,392.87 GR. FLR., 1ST- 6TH FLR., PLATINA BLOCK-3, 
 KODBISANHAL, FLR. 04 
 Bengaluru, IN-KA, 560103, India 
 
 Contact Vithal Giri 
 Phone (+91-80) 67905186 ext. 75186 
 Email vithal.giri jpmorgan.com 
 Citibank, N.A. 40,747,392.87 388 Greenwich St. 
 New York, NY 10013 
 
 Contact Ashwani Khubani 
 Phone (212) 816-3690 
 Email ashwani.khubani citi.com 
 
 772035511 

Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 37,959,131.87 1271 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020 
 
 Contact Erik Kildal-Brandt Leo Pau 
 Phone (212) 282-4089 (212) 282-3418 
 Email Erik.Kildal-Brandt mizuhogroup.com leo.pau mizuhogroup.com LAU_MGS mizuhogroup.com 
 PNC Bank, National Association 37,959,131.88 300 Fifth Avenue 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
 
 Contact Montreal Phillips, Loan Support Analyst 
 Phone (440) 546-9431 
 Email Montreal.Phillips pnc.com 
 Barclays Bank PLC 37,959,131.88 745 Seventh Avenue, 8th Floor 
 New York, NY 10019 
 
 Contact Oksana Shtogrin 
 Phone (212) 526 3441 
 Email Oksana.shtogrin barclays.com 

Bank of America, N.A. 37,959,131.88 Bank of America Tower Charlotte 
 NC1-030-24-02 
 620 S Tryon St 
 Charlotte, NC 2825 
 
 Contact Holli Balzer 
 Phone (704) 302-7836 
 Email holli.deyerle bofa.com 
 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 37,959,131.88 1300 Thames Street Wharf, 4th Floor 
 Baltimore, MD 21231 
 
 Contact Morgan Stanley Loan Servicing 
 Phone (443) 627-6648 
 Email msloanservicing morganstanley.com 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 37,959,131.88 1251 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020-1104 
 
 Contact Nadia Sleiman 
 Phone (212) 782-6974 
 Email 
 CCD-docunit us.mufg.jp 
 The Bank of Nova Scotia 37,959,131.88 250 Vesey Street, 23rd floor 
 New York, NY 10281 
 
 Contact Sandy Dewar 
 Phone (917) 439-2391 
 Email sandy.dewar scotiabank.com 

Royal Bank of Canada 37,959,131.88 3 World Financial Center 
 200 Vesey St 
 New York, NY 10281 
 
 Contact Frank Lambrinos 
 Phone (212) 858-7374 
 Email frank.lambrinos rbccm.com 
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 37,959,131.88 550 S Tryon Street, 11 th Floor Charlotte, NC 28202 
 
 Contact Patrick Engel 
 Phone (704) 374-2385 
 Email Patrick.D.Engel wellsfargo.com 
 Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 33,670,731.71 1100 Louisiana St. Ste 4750 
 Houston, TX 77002 
 
 Contact Dixon Schultz 
 Phone (713) 890-8607 
 Email dixon.schultz ca-cib.com 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch 29,863,479.41 300 Madison Ave 
 New York, NY 10017 
 
 Contact Anju Abraham 
 Phone (212) 856-3769 
 Email Anju.Abraham cibc.com 

KeyBank National Association 29,863,479.41 127 Public Square 
 Cleveland, OH 44114 
 
 Contact Renee Bonnell 
 Phone (216) 689-7729 
 Email renee.bonnell key.com KAS_servicing keybank.com 
 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 29,863,479.41 277 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10172 
 
 Contact Emily Estevez 
 Phone (212) 224-4177 
 Email eestevez smbc-Lf.com 
 TD Bank, N.A. 29,863,479.41 222 Bay Street, 15th Floor 
 Toronto, ON M5K 1A2 
 
 Contact Diana Macecevic 
 Phone (416) 350-9135 
 Email TDBNANotices tdsecurities.com 
 Truist Bank 29,863,479.41 3333 Peachtree Road NE 
 3rd Floor 
 Atlanta, GA 30326 
 
 Contact Jackie Johnson 
 Email TeammateA.gaccs.rightfax suntrust.com 
 U.S. Bank National Association 29,863,479.41 400 City Center 
 Oshkosh, WI 54901 
 
 Contact CLS Syndication Services 
 Phone 920-237-7601 
 Email CLSSyndicationServicesteam usbank.com 

The Bank of New York Mellon 21,517,826.93 500 Ross Street, Suite 154-0850 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15262-001 
 
 Contact CBLA2 
 Phone (315) 765-4822 
 Email CBLA2 bny.com & BNYM bnymobsnotices.com 
 The Huntington National Bank 21,517,826.93 41 South High St. HCO520 
 Columbus, OH 43287 
 
 Contact Debbie Cabungcal 
 Phone (614) 480-1283 
 Email Debbie.cabungcal huntington.com 
 First National Bank of Pennsylvania 11,883,913.47 12 Federal Street 
 One Northshore Ctr., Suite 500 
 Pittsburgh PA 15212 
 
 Contact Paul Wargo 
 Phone (412) 445-1981 
 Email wargop fnb-corp.com 
 TOTAL 750,000,000.00 

SCHEDULE II 
 List of L C Fronting Bank Commitments 
 
 Fronting Bank Fronting Bank Address L C Fronting Bank Commitment PNC Bank, National Association 300 Fifth Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
 Attention Montreal Phillips, Loan Support Analyst 
 Phone (440) 546-9431 
 35,000,000 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 550 S Tryon Street, 11 th Floor Charlotte, NC 28202 
 
 Contact Patrick Engel 
 Phone (704) 374-2385 
 Email Patrick.D.Engel wellsfargo.com 
 20,000,000 Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 1271 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020 
 
 Contact Erik Kildal-Brandt Leo Pau 
 Phone (212) 282-4089 (212) 282-3418 
 Email Erik.Kildal-Brandt mizuhogroup.com leo.pau mizuhogroup.com LAU_MGS mizuhogroup.com 
 15,000,000 Barclays Bank PLC 745 Seventh Avenue, 8th Floor 
 New York, NY 10019 
 
 Attention Nnamdi Otudoh 
 Phone 212 526 8527 
 Email xrabdmlcsupport barclays.com 
 15,000,000 Bank of America, N.A. 1 Fleet Way 
 Scranton, PA 18507 
 Attention Scranton Standby 
 5,000,000 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 10410 Highland Manor Drive-Floor 3, Tampa, FL 33610-9128 
 Attention Global Trade Services 
 Phone 800-634-1969 
 Email GTS.Client.Services jpmchase.com 
 Solely with respect to the Existing Letters of Credit set forth on Schedule III 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 q32024-ex106.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6 

 , 
 AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of October 24, 2024 
 among 
 MONONGAHELA POWER COMPANY, 
 and 
 THE POTOMAC EDISON COMPANY, as Borrowers, 
 THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN, as Lenders , 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. , as Administrative Agent, 
 and 
 THE FRONTING BANKS NAMED HEREIN, as Fronting Banks 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC. 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 
 THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers 

772232833 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 24, 2024 (this Amendment ), to the Existing Credit Agreement referred to below, is entered into by and among Monongahela Power Company MP and The Potomac Edison Company PE and together with MP, the Borrowers ), each of the Lenders party hereto, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, and each of the Fronting Banks party hereto. 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 1. The Borrowers, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 2. The Borrowers have requested that each Lender extend the Termination Date applicable to such Lender for an additional one year period, from October 18, 2027 to October 18, 2028 (the Extension and each Lender has agreed to the Extension as to itself. 
 3. The Borrowers desire to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth herein, and the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks have agreed to such amendments on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following terms in the proper alphabetical order therein 
 (i) Third Amendment means the Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, each of the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and each of the Fronting Banks party thereto. 
 (ii) Third Amendment Effective Date means the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in the Third Amendment), which date is October 24, 2024. 
 (b) The definition of the term Applicable Margin set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 

772232833 

BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 but at least BBB- by S&P or Baa3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 6 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 5 
 Applicable Margin for Term Benchmark Advances (or, if applicable, RFR Advances) 1.00 1.125 1.25 1.50 1.75 2.00 Applicable Margin for Alternate Base Rate Advances 0.00 0.125 0.25 0.50 0.75 1.00 
 
 (c) The definition of the term Fee Letters set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (i) by deleting the word and at the end of clause (iii) thereof and 
 (ii) by adding the following at the end of clause (iv) thereof 
 (v) the fee letter, dated September 21, 2023, by and among the Borrowers, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., and The Bank of Nova Scotia, (vi) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, JPMorgan, Mizuho, PNC Capital Markets LLC and PNC Bank and (vii) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. 
 (d) The definition of the term Parent Credit Agreement set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 

Parent Credit Agreement means that Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021, by and among FE and FET as borrowers, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto from time to time, and JPMorgan as administrative agent, as amended, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, including for the release of FET, as borrower thereunder, pursuant to Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement and Consent, Limited Waiver and Limited Release, dated as of October 20, 2023. 
 (e) The definition of the term Termination Date set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Termination Date means October 18, 2028, subject, for certain Lenders, to the extension described in Section 2.19 hereof, or, in any case, the earlier date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 6.01 hereof. 
 (f) Section 2.05(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 
 BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 but at least BBB- by S&P or Baa3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 6 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 5 
 Commitment Fee 0.10 0.125 0.175 0.225 0.275 0.35 
 
 (g) Section 2.05(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (d) The Borrowers agree to pay to each Fronting Bank, for its own account, certain fees payable by the Borrowers in such amounts and payable on such terms as set forth in the Fee Letters or separately agreed upon between the Borrowers and such Fronting Bank. 
 (h) Section 2.19(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the last sentence thereof in its entirety as follows 
 Following the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrowers may request no more than two extensions pursuant to this Section 2.19. 

(i) Section 5.03(e) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the proviso thereof in its entirety as follows 
 provided, however , that such Borrower may not use such proceeds in connection with any Hostile Acquisition. 
 SECTION 2. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the Amendment Effective Date when, and only when, the following conditions have been satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto in their sole discretion) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received, in immediately available funds, to the extent invoiced prior to the Amendment Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrowers hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following documents, each document being dated the date of receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent (which date shall be the same for all such documents, except as otherwise specified below), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) either (A) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by each of the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and the Fronting Banks or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such parties have signed counterparts of this Amendment 
 (ii) certified copies of (A) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Borrower approving this Amendment and the Credit Agreement and (B) all documents evidencing any other necessary corporate action with respect to this Amendment and the Credit Agreement 
 (iii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Borrower certifying (A) the names and true signatures of the officers of such Borrower authorized to sign this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, (B) that attached thereto are true and correct copies of the Organizational Documents of such Borrower, in each case as in effect on such date, and (C) that true and correct copies of all governmental and regulatory authorizations and approvals required for the due execution, delivery and performance by such Borrower of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement have previously been delivered to the Administrative Agent and remain in full force and effect on such date 
 (iv) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of each Borrower (the statements in which shall be true) certifying that, both before and after giving effect to this 

Amendment, (A) no event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes an Event of Default or an Unmatured Default with respect to such Borrower and (B) all representations and warranties of such Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which such Borrower is a party are true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of any representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than any such representation or warranty that by its terms refers to a specific date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and 
 (v) opinions of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, special counsel for the Borrowers, and certain local counsel for the Borrowers, as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, to the extent such documentation or information is requested by the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender prior to the Amendment Effective Date. 
 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . Each Borrower represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) Due Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment and each other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which such Borrower is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part and do not, and will not, require the consent or approval of its shareholders or members, as the case may be, other than such consents and approvals as have been duly obtained, given or accomplished. 
 (b) No Violation, Etc. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by it of this Amendment, any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is a party, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by it with the provisions hereof or thereof, nor the performance by it of the Credit Agreement, contravenes or will contravene, or results or will result in a breach of, any of the provisions of its Organizational Documents, any Applicable Law, or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, license or any other agreement or instrument to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is party or by which its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries is bound, or results or will result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such contravention or breach, or the creation or imposition of any such Lien, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower. 
 (c) Governmental Actions . No Governmental Action is or will be required in connection with (i) the execution, delivery or performance by it of, or the consummation by it of 

the transactions contemplated by, this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party, or (ii) the performance by it of the Credit Agreement. 
 (d) Execution and Delivery . This Amendment and the other Loan Documents being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party have been or will be (as the case may be) duly executed and delivered by it, and each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement is, and upon execution and delivery thereof each such other Loan Document will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of it enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, however , solely with respect to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and such other Loan Document, to the application by a court of general principles of equity and to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 
 (e) No Material Misstatements . The reports, financial statements and other written information furnished by or on behalf of such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, any Fronting Bank or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, when taken together with the Disclosure Documents, do not contain, when taken as a whole, any untrue statement of a material fact and do not omit, when taken as a whole, to state any fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect. 
 (f) Litigation . There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of such Borrower, threatened against such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that involve this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (g) No Default . No Unmatured Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of (i) the execution, delivery or performance by such Borrower of this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party or (ii) the performance by such Borrower of the Credit Agreement. 
 (h) Anti-Corruption Laws . No proceeds of any Borrowing have been used in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 SECTION 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents . 
 (a) Except as expressly amended hereby, all of the representations, warranties, terms, covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The amendments set forth herein shall be limited precisely as provided for herein and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of, release of, amendment of, consent to, departure from or modification of any term or provision of the Loan Documents or any other document or instrument referred to therein or of any transaction or further or future action on the 

part of any Borrower requiring the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks or the Lenders except to the extent specifically provided for herein. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders have not and shall not be deemed to have waived any of their respective rights and remedies against the Borrowers for any existing or future Unmatured Default or Event of Default. The Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders reserve the right to insist on strict compliance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Borrowers expressly acknowledge such reservation of rights. Any future or additional amendment of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be effective only if set forth in a writing separate and distinct from this Amendment and executed by the appropriate parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 (b) Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment (i) each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement and (ii) each reference in any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a release or waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Fronting Banks under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a release or a waiver of any provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of any amount owing under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document and all amounts owing in respect of principal, interest, fees and other amounts pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall, to the extent not paid on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, continue to be owing under the Credit Agreement or such other Loan Documents until paid in accordance therewith. 
 SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses . Each Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, each Fronting Bank and each Lender in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, syndication and administration of this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and each Lender as to their rights and responsibilities under this Amendment. Each Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, counsel fees and 

expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section. The Borrowers acknowledge and agree that, pursuant to Section 8.05(a) of the Credit Agreement, they are required to pay, among other costs and expenses set forth therein, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, any local counsel and any specialist counsel for the Administrative Agent), in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts), each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including, without limitation, by Adobe portable document format file (also known as a PDF file)) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, executed, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided , that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent provided , further , that, without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 SECTION 7. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 SECTION 8. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 8.05, 8.10, 8.11 and 8.12 of the Credit Agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 SECTION 9. Release . In consideration of, among other things, the Administrative Agent s, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders execution and delivery of this Amendment, each Borrower, on behalf of itself and its agents, representatives, officers, directors, advisors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, Releasors ), hereby forever agrees and covenants not to sue or prosecute against any Releasee (as hereinafter defined) and hereby forever waives, releases and discharges, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each Releasee from any and all claims (including, without limitation, crossclaims, counterclaims, rights of set-off and recoupment), actions, causes of action, suits, debts, liens, warranties, damages and consequential damages, judgments, costs or expenses whatsoever, that such Releasor now has or hereafter may have, of whatsoever nature and kind, whether now 

existing or hereafter arising, whether arising at law or in equity (collectively, the Claims ), against any or all of the Credit Parties in any capacity and their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and their respective successors and assigns and each and all of the officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors and other representatives of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Releasees ), based in whole or in part on facts existing on or before the Amendment Effective Date, that relate to, arise out of or otherwise are in connection with (i) any or all of the Loan Documents or transactions contemplated thereby or any actions or omissions in connection therewith or (ii) any aspect of the dealings or relationships between or among the Borrowers, on the one hand, and any or all of the Credit Parties, on the other hand, relating to any or all of the documents, transactions, actions or omissions referenced in clause (i) hereof. The receipt by any Borrower of any Advances or other financial accommodations made by any Credit Party after the date hereof shall constitute a ratification, adoption, and confirmation by such party of the foregoing general release of all Claims against the Releasees that are based in whole or in part on facts existing on or prior to the date of receipt of any such Advances or other financial accommodations. In entering into this Amendment, each Borrower consulted with, and has been represented by, legal counsel and expressly disclaims any reliance on any representations, acts or omissions by any of the Releasees and hereby agrees and acknowledges that the validity and effectiveness of the releases set forth above do not depend in any way on any such representations, acts and or omissions or the accuracy, completeness or validity thereof. The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents and payment in full of the Advances. 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank signature pages follow 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

MONONGAHELA POWER COMPANY 
 THE POTOMAC EDISON COMPANY 
 
 By s Steven R. Staub Name Steven R. Staub Title Vice President and Treasurer 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., 
 as Administrative Agent and Lender 

By s Edward Sacks Name Edward Sacks Title Managing Director 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s Khawaja Tariq Name Khawaja Tariq Title Vice President 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender and as Fronting Bank 
 
 By s Anna Bartholomew Name Anne Bartholomew Title Vice President 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender and a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s John M. Eyerman Name John M. Eyerman Title Director 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s Richard Rivera Name Richard Rivera Title Vice President 
 
 MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael King Name Michael King Title Authorized Signatory 
 MUFG BANK, LTD., 
 as a Lender) 

By s Matthew Bly Name Matthew Bly Title Director 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s David Dewar ________ Name David Dewar Title Director 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender 
 
 By s Meg Donnelly Name Meg Donnelly Title Authorized Signatory 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 
 By s Amit Vasani Name Amit Vasani Title Authorized Signatory 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Renee M. Bonnell Name Renee M. Bonnell Title Senior Vice President 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Alkesh Nanavaty Name Alkesh Nanavaty Title Executive Director 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s M. Bernadette Collins Name Bernadette Collins Title Senior Vice President 
 
 TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 
 
 By s Catherine Strickland Name Catherine Strickland Title Vice President 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael E. Temnick Name Michael E. Temnick Title Senior Vice President 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Molly H. Ross Name Molly H. Ross Title Director 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Nolan Woodbury Name Nolan Woodbury Title Assistant Vice President 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA, as a Lender 

By s Paul Wargo Name Paul Wargo Title Commercial RM 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a New Lender 
 
 By s Patrick Engel Name Patrick Engel Title Managing Director 

LENDER SIGNATURE PAGES TO COME 
 
 772232833 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 q32024-ex107.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 Exhibit 10.7 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of October 24, 2024 
 among 
 AMERICAN TRANSMISSION SYSTEMS, INCORPORATED, 
 MID-ATLANTIC INTERSTATE TRANSMISSION, LLC, 
 and 
 TRANS-ALLEGHENY INTERSTATE LINE COMPANY, as Borrowers , 
 THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN, as Lenders , 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Administrative Agent, 
 and 
 THE FRONTING BANKS NAMED HEREIN, as Fronting Banks 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC. 
 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 
 THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers 

772093117 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 24, 2024 (this Amendment ), to the Existing Credit Agreement referred to below, is entered into by and among American Transmission Systems, Incorporated ATSI ), Mid-Atlantic Interstate Transmission, LLC MAIT and Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line Company TrAILCo , and together with ATSI and MAIT, the Borrowers ), each of the Lenders party hereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, and each of the Fronting Banks party hereto. 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 1. The Borrowers, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 2. The Borrowers have requested that each Lender extend the Termination Date applicable to such Lender for an additional one year period, from October 18, 2027 to October 18, 2028 (the Extension and each Lender has agreed to the Extension as to itself. 
 3. The Borrowers desire to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth herein, and the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks have agreed to such amendments on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following terms in the proper alphabetical order therein 
 (i) Third Amendment means the Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, each of the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and each of the Fronting Banks party thereto. 
 (ii) Third Amendment Effective Date means the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in the Third Amendment), which date is October 24, 2024. 
 (b) The definition of the term Applicable Margin set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 

772093117 

BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A+ by S&P or A1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Applicable Margin for Term Benchmark Advances (or, if applicable, RFR Advances) 0.875 1.00 1.125 1.25 1.50 Applicable Margin for Alternate Base Rate Advances 0.00 0.00 0.125 0.25 0.50 
 
 (c) The definition of the term Fee Letters set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (i) by deleting the word and at the end of clause (iii) thereof and 
 (ii) by adding the following at the end of clause (iv) thereof 
 (v) the fee letter, dated September 21, 2023, by and among the Borrowers, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., and The Bank of Nova Scotia, (vi) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, JPMorgan, Mizuho, PNC Capital Markets LLC and PNC Bank and (vii) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. 
 (d) The definition of the term Parent Credit Agreement set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 - 2 - 
 772093117 

Parent Credit Agreement means that Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021, by and among FE and FET as borrowers, the banks and other financial institutions party thereto from time to time, and JPMorgan as administrative agent, as amended, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, including for the release of FET, as borrower thereunder, pursuant to Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement and Consent, Limited Waiver and Limited Release, dated as of October 20, 2023. 
 (e) The definition of the term Termination Date set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Termination Date means October 18, 2028, subject, for certain Lenders, to the extension described in Section 2.19 hereof, or, in any case, the earlier date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 6.01 hereof. 
 (f) Section 2.05(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 
 BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A+ by S&P or A1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Commitment Fee 0.075 0.10 0.125 0.175 0.225 
 
 (g) Section 2.05(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (d) The Borrowers agree to pay to each Fronting Bank, for its own account, certain fees payable by the Borrowers in such amounts and payable on such terms as set forth in the Fee Letters or separately agreed upon between the Borrowers and such Fronting Bank. 
 (h) Section 2.19(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the last sentence thereof in its entirety as follows 
 Following the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrowers may request no more than two extensions pursuant to this Section 2.19. 
 - 3 - 
 772093117 

(i) Section 5.03(e) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the proviso thereof in its entirety as follows 
 provided, however , that such Borrower may not use such proceeds in connection with any Hostile Acquisition. 
 (j) Section 6.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating clauses (i) and (j) thereof in their entirety as follows 
 (i) (i) Either FE or North American Transmission Company II L.P. shall fail to own directly or indirectly 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of each Borrower (with any such failure constituting an Event of Default with respect to such Borrower), (ii) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the SEC under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of any Borrower (or other securities convertible into such securities) representing 30 or more of the combined voting power of all securities of such Borrower, as applicable, entitled to vote in the election of directors or (iii) commencing after the date of this Agreement, individuals who as of the date of this Agreement were directors shall have ceased for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of such Borrower, as applicable, unless the Persons replacing such individuals were nominated by the stockholders or the Board of Directors of such Borrower in accordance with such Borrower s Organizational Documents (each a Change of Control or 
 (j) (i) Any indictment shall be issued against FET, any Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary of a Borrower arising from a purported violation of any Anti-Corruption Law, or (ii) FET, any Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary of a Borrower shall have entered into any deferred prosecution agreement (or similar agreement) with respect to a purported violation of any Anti-Corruption Law (other than the DPA) 
 SECTION 2. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the Amendment Effective Date when, and only when, the following conditions have been satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto in their sole discretion) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received, in immediately available funds, to the extent invoiced prior to the Amendment Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrowers hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following documents, each document being dated the date of receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent (which date shall 
 - 4 - 
 772093117 

be the same for all such documents, except as otherwise specified below), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) either (A) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by each of the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and the Fronting Banks or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such parties have signed counterparts of this Amendment 
 (ii) certified copies of (A) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Borrower approving this Amendment and the Credit Agreement, and (B) all documents evidencing any other necessary corporate action with respect to this Amendment and the Credit Agreement 
 (iii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each Borrower certifying (A) the names and true signatures of the officers of such Borrower authorized to sign this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, (B) that attached thereto are true and correct copies of the Organizational Documents of such Borrower, in each case as in effect on such date, and (C) that true and correct copies of all governmental and regulatory authorizations and approvals required for the due execution, delivery and performance by such Borrower of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement have previously been delivered to the Administrative Agent and remain in full force and effect on such date 
 (iv) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of each Borrower (the statements in which shall be true) certifying that, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, (A) no event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes an Event of Default or an Unmatured Default with respect to such Borrower and (B) all representations and warranties of such Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which such Borrower is a party are true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of any representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than any such representation or warranty that by its terms refers to a specific date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and 
 (v) opinions of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, special counsel for the Borrowers, and certain local counsel for the Borrowers, as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, to the extent such documentation or information is requested by the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender prior to the Amendment Effective Date. 
 - 5 - 
 772093117 

SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . Each Borrower represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) Due Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment and each other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which such Borrower is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part and do not, and will not, require the consent or approval of its shareholders or members, as the case may be, other than such consents and approvals as have been duly obtained, given or accomplished. 
 (b) No Violation, Etc. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by it of this Amendment, any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is a party, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by it with the provisions hereof or thereof, nor the performance by it of the Credit Agreement, contravenes or will contravene, or results or will result in a breach of, any of the provisions of its Organizational Documents, any Applicable Law, or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, license or any other agreement or instrument to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is party or by which its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries is bound, or results or will result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such contravention or breach, or the creation or imposition of any such Lien, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower. 
 (c) Governmental Actions . No Governmental Action is or will be required in connection with (i) the execution, delivery or performance by it of, or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by, this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party, or (ii) the performance by it of the Credit Agreement. 
 (d) Execution and Delivery . This Amendment and the other Loan Documents being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party have been or will be (as the case may be) duly executed and delivered by it, and each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement is, and upon execution and delivery thereof each such other Loan Document will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of it enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, however , solely with respect to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and such other Loan Document, to the application by a court of general principles of equity and to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 
 (e) No Material Misstatements . The reports, financial statements and other written information furnished by or on behalf of such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, any Fronting Bank or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, when taken together with the Disclosure Documents, do not contain, when taken as a whole, any untrue statement of a material fact and do not omit, when 
 - 6 - 
 772093117 

taken as a whole, to state any fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect. 
 (f) Litigation . There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of such Borrower, threatened against such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that involve this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (g) No Default . No Unmatured Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of (i) the execution, delivery or performance by such Borrower of this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party or (ii) the performance by such Borrower of the Credit Agreement. 
 (h) Anti-Corruption Laws . No proceeds of any Borrowing have been used in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 SECTION 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents . 
 (a) Except as expressly amended hereby, all of the representations, warranties, terms, covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The amendments set forth herein shall be limited precisely as provided for herein and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of, release of, amendment of, consent to, departure from or modification of any term or provision of the Loan Documents or any other document or instrument referred to therein or of any transaction or further or future action on the part of any Borrower requiring the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks or the Lenders except to the extent specifically provided for herein. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders have not and shall not be deemed to have waived any of their respective rights and remedies against the Borrowers for any existing or future Unmatured Default or Event of Default. The Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders reserve the right to insist on strict compliance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Borrowers expressly acknowledge such reservation of rights. Any future or additional amendment of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be effective only if set forth in a writing separate and distinct from this Amendment and executed by the appropriate parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 (b) Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment (i) each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement and (ii) each reference in any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 - 7 - 
 772093117 

(c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a release or waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Fronting Banks under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a release or a waiver of any provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of any amount owing under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document and all amounts owing in respect of principal, interest, fees and other amounts pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall, to the extent not paid on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, continue to be owing under the Credit Agreement or such other Loan Documents until paid in accordance therewith. 
 SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses . Each Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, each Fronting Bank and each Lender in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, syndication and administration of this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and each Lender as to their rights and responsibilities under this Amendment. Each Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section. The Borrowers acknowledge and agree that, pursuant to Section 8.05(a) of the Credit Agreement, they are required to pay, among other costs and expenses set forth therein, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, any local counsel and any specialist counsel for the Administrative Agent), in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts), each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including, without limitation, by Adobe portable document format file (also known as a PDF file)) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, executed, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a 
 - 8 - 
 772093117 

paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided , that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent provided , further , that, without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 SECTION 7. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 SECTION 8. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 8.05, 8.10, 8.11 and 8.12 of the Credit Agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 SECTION 9. Release . In consideration of, among other things, the Administrative Agent s, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders execution and delivery of this Amendment, each Borrower, on behalf of itself and its agents, representatives, officers, directors, advisors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, Releasors ), hereby forever agrees and covenants not to sue or prosecute against any Releasee (as hereinafter defined) and hereby forever waives, releases and discharges, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each Releasee from any and all claims (including, without limitation, crossclaims, counterclaims, rights of set-off and recoupment), actions, causes of action, suits, debts, liens, warranties, damages and consequential damages, judgments, costs or expenses whatsoever, that such Releasor now has or hereafter may have, of whatsoever nature and kind, whether now existing or hereafter arising, whether arising at law or in equity (collectively, the Claims ), against any or all of the Credit Parties in any capacity and their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and their respective successors and assigns and each and all of the officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors and other representatives of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Releasees ), based in whole or in part on facts existing on or before the Amendment Effective Date, that relate to, arise out of or otherwise are in connection with (i) any or all of the Loan Documents or transactions contemplated thereby or any actions or omissions in connection therewith or (ii) any aspect of the dealings or relationships between or among the Borrowers, on the one hand, and any or all of the Credit Parties, on the other hand, relating to any or all of the documents, transactions, actions or omissions referenced in clause (i) hereof. The receipt by any Borrower of any Advances or other financial accommodations made by any Credit Party after the date hereof shall constitute a ratification, adoption, and confirmation by such party of the foregoing general release of all Claims against the Releasees that are based in whole or in part on facts existing on or prior to the date of receipt of any such Advances or other financial accommodations. In entering into this Amendment, each Borrower consulted with, and has been represented by, legal counsel and expressly disclaims any reliance on any representations, acts or omissions by any of the Releasees and hereby agrees and acknowledges that the validity and effectiveness of the releases set forth above do not depend in any way on any such 
 - 9 - 
 772093117 

representations, acts and or omissions or the accuracy, completeness or validity thereof. The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents and payment in full of the Advances. 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank signature pages follow 
 - 10 - 
 772093117 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

AMERICAN TRANSMISSION SYSTEMS, 
 INCORPORATED 
 MID-ATLANTIC INTERSTATE 
 TRANSMISSION, LLC 
 TRANS-ALLEGHENY INTERSTATE LINE COMPANY 
 
 By s Steven R. Staub Name Steven R. Staub Title Vice President and Treasurer 

772093117 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Administrative Agent, Fronting Bank and Lender 
 
 By s Anna Bartholomew Name Anne Bartholomew Title Vice President 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s Khawaja Tariq Name Khawaja Tariq Title Vice President 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., as a Lender 
 
 By s Edward Sacks Name Edward Sacks Title Managing Director 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Sydney G. Dennis ________ Name Sydney G. Dennis Title Vice President 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By s John M. Eyerman Name John M. Eyerman Title Director 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender 

By s Richard Rivera Name Richard Rivera Title Vice President 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael King Name Michael King Title Authorized Signatory 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael King Name Michael King Title Authorized Signatory 

MUFG BANK, LTD., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Matthew Bly Name Matthew Bly Title Director 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 
 
 By s David Dewar ________ Name David Dewar Title Director 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender 
 
 By s Meg Donnelly Name Meg Donnelly Title Authorized Signatory 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 
 By s Amit Vasani Name Amit Vasani Title Authorized Signatory 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Andrew Sidford Name Andrew Sidford Title Managing Director 
 
 By s Gordon Yip Name Gordon Yip Title Director 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Renee M. Bonnell Name Renee M. Bonnell Title Senior Vice President 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Alkesh Nanavaty Name Alkesh Nanavaty Title Executive Director 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s M. Bernadette Collins Name Bernadette Collins Title Senior Vice President 

TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 
 
 By s Catherine Strickland Name Catherine Strickland Title Vice President 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael E. Temnick Name Michael E. Temnick Title Senior Vice President 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Molly H. Ross Name Molly H. Ross Title Director 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Nolan Woodbury Name Nolan Woodbury Title Assistant Vice President 

COBANK, ACB, as a Lender 
 
 By s David B. Willis Name David B. Willis Title Managing Director 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA, as a Lender 

By s Paul Wargo Name Paul Wargo Title Commercial RM 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 
 By s Patrick Engel Name Patrick Engel Title Managing Director 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 9
 q32024-ex108.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 
 Exhibit 10.8 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of October 24, 2024 
 among 
 FIRSTENERGY TRANSMISSION, LLC, as Borrower, 
 THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN, as Lenders , 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as Administrative Agent, 
 and 
 THE FRONTING BANKS NAMED HEREIN, as Fronting Banks 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC. 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 
 THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 24, 2024 (this Amendment ), to the Existing Credit Agreement referred to below, is entered into by and among FirstEnergy Transmission, LLC FET or the Borrower ), each of the Lenders party hereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, and each of the Fronting Banks party hereto. 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 1. The Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2023 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 2. The Borrower has requested that each Lender extend the Termination Date applicable to such Lender for an additional one year period, from October 20, 2028 to October 20, 2029 (the Extension and each Lender has agreed to the Extension as to itself. 
 3. The Borrower desires to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth herein, and the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks have agreed to such amendments on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following terms in the proper alphabetical order therein 
 (i) First Amendment means the Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, by and among the Borrower, each of the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and each of the Fronting Banks party thereto. 
 (ii) First Amendment Effective Date means the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in the First Amendment), which date is October 24, 2024. 
 (b) The definition of the term Applicable Margin set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 

BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Applicable Margin for Term Benchmark Advances (or, if applicable, RFR Advances) 1.00 1.125 1.25 1.50 1.75 Applicable Margin for Alternate Base Rate Advances 0.00 0.125 0.25 0.50 0.75 
 
 (c) The definition of the term Fee Letters set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (i) by deleting the word and at the end of clause (ii) thereof and 
 (ii) by adding the following at the end of clause (iii) thereof 
 , (iv) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrower, JPMorgan, Mizuho, PNC Capital Markets LLC and PNC Bank and (v) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrower, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. 
 (d) The definition of the term Termination Date set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Termination Date means October 20, 2029 subject, for certain Lenders, to the extension described in Section 2.19 hereof, or, in any case, the earlier date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 6.01 hereof. 
 - 2 - 

(e) Section 2.05(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the table set forth therein with the below table 
 BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Commitment Fee 0.10 0.125 0.175 0.225 0.275 
 
 (f) Section 2.05(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (d) The Borrower agrees to pay to each Fronting Bank, for its own account, certain fees payable by the Borrower in such amounts and payable on such terms as set forth in the Fee Letters or separately agreed upon between the Borrower and such Fronting Bank. 
 (g) Section 2.19(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the last sentence thereof in its entirety as follows 
 Following the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower may request no more than two extensions pursuant to this Section 2.19. 
 (h) Section 5.03(e) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the proviso thereof in its entirety as follows 
 provided, however , that the Borrower may not use such proceeds in connection with any Hostile Acquisition. 
 (i) Section 6.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating clauses (i) and (j) thereof in their entirety as follows 
 (i) (i) Either FE or North American Transmission Company II L.P. shall fail to own directly or indirectly 50.1 or more of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Borrower, (ii) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the SEC under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of 
 - 3 - 

the Borrower (or other securities convertible into such securities) representing 30 or more of the combined voting power of all securities of the Borrower, entitled to vote in the election of directors or (iii) commencing after the date of this Agreement, individuals who as of the date of this Agreement were directors shall have ceased for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Borrower, unless the Persons replacing such individuals were nominated by the stockholders or the Board of Directors of the Borrower in accordance with the Borrower s Organizational Documents (each a Change of Control or 
 (j) (i) Any indictment shall be issued against the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary of the Borrower arising from a purported violation of any Anti-Corruption Law, or (ii) the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary of the Borrower shall have entered into any deferred prosecution agreement (or similar agreement) with respect to a purported violation of any Anti-Corruption Law (other than the DPA) or 
 (j) Schedule I to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Schedule I hereto. 
 SECTION 2. New Lender Reallocations. 
 (a) New Lender . Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the New Lender (i) represents and warrants that (A) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Amendment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Credit Agreement and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (B) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement and under applicable law that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire its Commitments under the Credit Agreement and become a Lender, (C) from and after the Amendment Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of its Commitments, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (D) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by its Commitments and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire its Commitments, is experienced in acquiring assets of this type, and (E) it has received a copy of the Existing Credit Agreement and the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(g) of the Existing Credit Agreement, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any other Lender or their respective Related Parties, (ii) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, and (iii) agrees that (A) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any other Lender or their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem 
 - 4 - 

appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (B) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 (b) Reallocations, Etc. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Existing Credit Agreement or the Credit Agreement 
 (i) as of the Amendment Effective Date, each Lender s Commitment shall be as set forth on Schedule I hereto 
 (ii) the New Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to this Amendment, each Lender s Commitment to be as set forth on Schedule I hereto 
 (iii) in connection with the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make such reallocations, sales, assignments or other relevant actions in respect of the Commitments (as defined in and in effect under the Existing Credit Agreement) as are necessary in order that each Lender s Commitment under the Credit Agreement is as set forth on Schedule I hereto on the Amendment Effective Date, and the Borrower and each Lender that was a Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement hereby agrees that (A) such reallocation, sales and assignments shall be deemed to have been effected by way of, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Assignment and Assumptions, and no other documents or instruments shall be, or shall be required to be, executed in connection with such assignments (all of which are hereby waived), (B) such reallocation shall satisfy the assignment provisions of Section 8.08 of the Existing Credit Agreement and (C) in connection with such reallocation, sales, assignments or other relevant actions, the Borrower shall pay all interest and fees outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement and accrued to the date hereof to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders party hereto, together with any losses, costs and expenses incurred by Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement and 
 (iv) each of the signatories hereto that is also a party to the Existing Credit Agreement hereby consents to any of the actions described in this Section 2(b) and agrees that any and all required notices and required notice periods under the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with any of the actions described in this Section 2(b) on the Amendment Effective Date are hereby waived and of no force and effect. 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the Amendment Effective Date when, and only when, the following conditions have been satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto in their sole discretion) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received, in immediately available funds, to the extent invoiced prior to the Amendment Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all 
 - 5 - 

reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following documents, each document being dated the date of receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent (which date shall be the same for all such documents, except as otherwise specified below), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) either (A) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and the Fronting Banks or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such parties have signed counterparts of this Amendment 
 (ii) certified copies of (A) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving this Amendment and the Credit Agreement and (B) all documents evidencing any other necessary corporate action with respect to this Amendment and the Credit Agreement 
 (iii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying (A) the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, (B) that attached thereto are true and correct copies of the Organizational Documents of the Borrower, in each case as in effect on such date, and (C) that true and correct copies of all governmental and regulatory authorizations and approvals required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement have previously been delivered to the Administrative Agent and remain in full force and effect on such date 
 (iv) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower (the statements in which shall be true) certifying that, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, (A) no event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes an Event of Default or an Unmatured Default with respect to the Borrower and (B) all representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which the Borrower is a party are true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of any representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than any such representation or warranty that by its terms refers to a specific date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and 
 (v) an opinion of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, special counsel for the Borrower. 
 - 6 - 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, to the extent such documentation or information is requested by the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender prior to the Amendment Effective Date. 
 SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) Due Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment and each other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which the Borrower is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part and do not, and will not, require the consent or approval of its shareholders or members, as the case may be, other than such consents and approvals as have been duly obtained, given or accomplished. 
 (b) No Violation, Etc. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by it of this Amendment, any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is a party, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by it with the provisions hereof or thereof, nor the performance by it of the Credit Agreement, contravenes or will contravene, or results or will result in a breach of, any of the provisions of its Organizational Documents, any Applicable Law, or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, license or any other agreement or instrument to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is party or by which its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries is bound, or results or will result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such contravention or breach, or the creation or imposition of any such Lien, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrower. 
 (c) Governmental Actions . No Governmental Action is or will be required in connection with (i) the execution, delivery or performance by it of, or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by, this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party, or (ii) the performance by it of the Credit Agreement. 
 (d) Execution and Delivery . This Amendment and the other Loan Documents being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party have been or will be (as the case may be) duly executed and delivered by it, and each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement is, and upon execution and delivery thereof each such other Loan Document will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of it enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, however , solely with respect to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and such other Loan Document, to the application by a court of general principles of equity and to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 
 - 7 - 

(e) No Material Misstatements . The reports, financial statements and other written information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, any Fronting Bank or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, when taken together with the Disclosure Documents, do not contain, when taken as a whole, any untrue statement of a material fact and do not omit, when taken as a whole, to state any fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect. 
 (f) Litigation . There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that involve this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (g) No Default . No Unmatured Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of (i) the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party or (ii) the performance by the Borrower of the Credit Agreement. 
 (h) Anti-Corruption Laws . No proceeds of any Borrowing have been used in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents . 
 (a) Except as expressly amended hereby, all of the representations, warranties, terms, covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The amendments set forth herein shall be limited precisely as provided for herein and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of, release of, amendment of, consent to, departure from or modification of any term or provision of the Loan Documents or any other document or instrument referred to therein or of any transaction or further or future action on the part of the Borrower requiring the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks or the Lenders except to the extent specifically provided for herein. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders have not and shall not be deemed to have waived any of their respective rights and remedies against the Borrower for any existing or future Unmatured Default or Event of Default. The Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders reserve the right to insist on strict compliance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Borrower expressly acknowledges such reservation of rights. Any future or additional amendment of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be effective only if set forth in a writing separate and distinct from this Amendment and executed by the appropriate parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 (b) Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment (i) each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement and (ii) 
 - 8 - 

each reference in any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a release or waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Fronting Banks under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a release or a waiver of any provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of any amount owing under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document and all amounts owing in respect of principal, interest, fees and other amounts pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall, to the extent not paid on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, continue to be owing under the Credit Agreement or such other Loan Documents until paid in accordance therewith. 
 SECTION 6. Costs and Expenses . The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, each Fronting Bank and each Lender in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, syndication and administration of this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and each Lender as to their rights and responsibilities under this Amendment. The Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that, pursuant to Section 8.05(a) of the Credit Agreement, it is required to pay, among other costs and expenses set forth therein, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, any local counsel and any specialist counsel for the Administrative Agent), in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts), each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including, without limitation, by Adobe portable document format file (also known as a PDF file)) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, executed, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this 
 - 9 - 

Amendment or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided , that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent provided , further , that, without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 SECTION 8. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 SECTION 9. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 8.05, 8.10, 8.11 and 8.12 of the Credit Agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 SECTION 10. Release . In consideration of, among other things, the Administrative Agent s, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders execution and delivery of this Amendment, the Borrower, on behalf of itself and its agents, representatives, officers, directors, advisors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, Releasors ), hereby forever agrees and covenants not to sue or prosecute against any Releasee (as hereinafter defined) and hereby forever waives, releases and discharges, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each Releasee from any and all claims (including, without limitation, crossclaims, counterclaims, rights of set-off and recoupment), actions, causes of action, suits, debts, liens, warranties, damages and consequential damages, judgments, costs or expenses whatsoever, that such Releasor now has or hereafter may have, of whatsoever nature and kind, whether now existing or hereafter arising, whether arising at law or in equity (collectively, the Claims ), against any or all of the Credit Parties in any capacity and their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and their respective successors and assigns and each and all of the officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors and other representatives of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Releasees ), based in whole or in part on facts existing on or before the Amendment Effective Date, that relate to, arise out of or otherwise are in connection with (i) any or all of the Loan Documents or transactions contemplated thereby or any actions or omissions in connection therewith or (ii) any aspect of the dealings or relationships between or among the Borrower, on the one hand, and any or all of the Credit Parties, on the other hand, relating to any or all of the documents, transactions, actions or omissions referenced in clause (i) hereof. The receipt by the Borrower of any Advances or other financial accommodations made by any Credit Party after the date hereof shall constitute a ratification, adoption, and confirmation by such party of the foregoing general release of all Claims against the Releasees that are based in whole or in part on facts existing on or prior to the date of receipt of any such Advances or other financial 
 - 10 - 

accommodations. In entering into this Amendment, the Borrower consulted with, and has been represented by, legal counsel and expressly disclaims any reliance on any representations, acts or omissions by any of the Releasees and hereby agrees and acknowledges that the validity and effectiveness of the releases set forth above do not depend in any way on any such representations, acts and or omissions or the accuracy, completeness or validity thereof. The provisions of this Section 10 shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents and payment in full of the Advances. 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank signature pages follow 
 - 11 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

FIRSTENERGY TRANSMISSION, LLC 
 
 By _ s Steven R. Staub_______________ Name Steven R. Staub Title Vice President and Treasurer 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent, a Fronting Bank and a Lender 

By s Khawaja Tariq ________ Name Khawaja Tariq Title Vice President 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 

By s Richard Rivera Name Richard Rivera Title Vice President 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., as a Lender 

By s Edward Sacks Name Edward Sacks Title Managing Director 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Administrative Agent, a Fronting Bank and a Lender 

By s Khawaja Tariq ________ Name Khawaja Tariq Title Vice President 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By s Anna Bartholomew Name Anne Bartholomew Title Vice President 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as a Lender 

By s Sydney G. Dennis ________ Name Sydney G. Dennis Title Vice President 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 

By s John M. Eyerman Name John M. Eyerman Title Director 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
 as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 

By s David Dewar ________ Name David Dewar Title Director 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 

By s Meg Donnelly Name Meg Donnelly Title Authorized Signatory 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a New Lender 

By s Patrick Engel Name Patrick Engel Title Managing Director 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 
 as a Lender 

By s Andrew Sidford Name Andrew Sidford Title Managing Director 

By s Gordon Yip Name Gordon Yip Title Director 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By s Renee M. Bonnell Name Renee M. Bonnell Title Senior Vice President 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 
 as a Lender 

By s Alkesh Nanavaty Name Alkesh Nanavaty Title Executive Director 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 

By s M. Bernadette Collins Name Bernadette Collins Title Senior Vice President 

TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 

By s Catherine Strickland Name Catherine Strickland Title Vice President 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By s Michael E. Temnick Name Michael E. Temnick Title Senior Vice President 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By s Michael King Name Michael King Title Authorized Signatory 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as a Lender and as a Fronting Bank 

By s Michael King Name Michael King Title Vice President 

COBANK, ACB, as a Lender 

By s David B. Willis Name David B. Willis Title Managing Director 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA, as a Lender 

By s Paul Wargo Name Paul Wargo Title Commercial RM 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
 as a Lender 

By s Molly H. Ross Name Molly H. Ross Title Director 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, 
 as a Lender 

By s Nolan Woodbury Name Nolan Woodbury Title Assistant Vice President 

SCHEDULE I 
 List of Commitments and Lending Offices 
 
 Lender Commitment 
 Amount 
 Lending Office JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 52,736,988.84 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5 
 Newark, DE 19713-2105 
 
 Contact Eric Ludman 
 Phone (302) 455-4163 
 Email eric.ludman jpmorgan.com 
 Citibank, N.A. 52,736,988.84 388 Greenwich St. 
 New York, NY 10013 
 
 Contact Ashwani Khubani 
 Phone (212) 816-3690 
 Email ashwani.khubani citi.com 
 Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 52,628,252.79 1271 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020 
 
 Contact Erik Kildal-Brandt Leo Pau 
 Phone (212) 282-4089 (212) 282-3418 
 Email Erik.Kildal-Brandt mizuhogroup.com leo.pau mizuhogroup.com LAU_MGS mizuhogroup.com 
 PNC Bank, National Association 52,628,252.79 300 Fifth Avenue 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
 
 Contact Montreal Phillips, Loan Support Analyst 
 Phone (440) 546-9431 
 Email Montreal.Phillips pnc.com 

Barclays Bank PLC 52,628,252.79 745 Seventh Avenue, 8th Floor 
 New York, NY 10019 
 
 Contact Oksana Shtogrin 
 Phone (212) 526 3441 
 Email Oksana.shtogrin barclays.com 
 Bank of America, N.A. 52,628,252.79 Bank of America Tower Charlotte 
 NC1-030-24-02 
 620 S Tryon St 
 Charlotte, NC 2825 
 
 Contact Jacqueline Margetis 
 Phone (813) 597-9962 
 Email Bank_of_America_As_Lender_1 bofa.com, jacqueline.margetis bofa.com 
 The Bank of Nova Scotia 52,628,252.79 250 Vesey Street, 23rd floor 
 New York, NY 10281 
 
 Contact Sandy Dewar 
 Phone (917) 439-2391 
 Email sandy.dewar scotiabank.com 
 Royal Bank of Canada 52,628,252.79 3 World Financial Center 
 200 Vesey St 
 New York, NY 10281 
 
 Contact Frank Lambrinos 
 Phone (212) 858-7374 
 Email frank.lambrinos rbccm.com 
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 52,628,252.79 550 S Tryon Street, 11 th Floor Charlotte, NC 28202 
 
 Contact Patrick Engel 
 Phone (704) 374-2385 
 Email Patrick.D.Engel wellsfargo.com 

Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch 48,000,000.00 300 Madison Ave 
 New York, NY 10017 
 
 Contact Anju Abraham 
 Phone (212) 856-3769 
 Email Anju.Abraham cibc.com 
 Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 48,000,000.00 1100 Louisiana St. Ste 4750 
 Houston, TX 77002 
 
 Contact Dixon Schultz 
 Phone (713) 890-8607 
 Email dixon.schultz ca-cib.com 
 KeyBank National Association 48,000,000.00 127 Public Square 
 Cleveland, OH 44114 
 
 Contact Renee Bonnell 
 Phone (216) 689-7729 
 Email renee.bonnell key.com KAS_servicing keybank.com 
 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 48,000,000.00 277 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10172 
 
 Contact Emily Estevez 
 Phone (212) 224-4177 
 Email eestevez smbc-Lf.com 
 TD Bank, N.A. 48,000,000.00 222 Bay Street, 15th Floor 
 Toronto, ON M5K 1A2 
 
 Contact Diana Macecevic 
 Phone (416) 350-9135 
 Email TDBNANotices tdsecurities.com 

Truist Bank 48,000,000.00 110 S Stratford Rd Winston Salem, NC 27104 
 
 Contact Shana Pask 
 Phone 333-733-2645 
 Email CapitalMarkets-W-S truist.com 
 U.S. Bank National Association 48,000,000.00 400 City Center 
 Oshkosh, WI 54901 
 
 Contact CLS Syndication Services 
 Phone 920-237-7601 
 Email CLSSyndicationServicesteam usbank.com 
 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 37,000,000.00 1300 Thames Street Wharf, 4th Floor 
 Baltimore, MD 21231 
 
 Contact Morgan Stanley Loan Servicing 
 Phone (443) 627-6648 
 Email msloanservicing morganstanley.com 
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 15,628,252.79 1300 Thames Street Wharf, 4th Floor 
 Baltimore, MD 21231 
 
 Contact Morgan Stanley Loan Servicing 
 Phone (443) 627-6648 
 Email msloanservicing morganstanley.com 

CoBank, ACB 34,375,000.00 6340 S. Fiddlers Green Circle Greenwood Village, CO 80111 
 Attn Loan Administration 
 
 Contact Beth Johnson 
 Phone (303) 740-4347 
 Email loanadminnotices cobank.com loanadmin cobank.com 
 First National Bank of Pennsylvania 34,375,000.00 12 Federal Street 
 One Northshore Ctr., Suite 500 
 Pittsburgh PA 15212 
 
 Contact Paul Wargo 
 Phone (412) 445-1981 
 Email wargop fnb-corp.com 
 The Bank of New York Mellon 34,375,000.00 500 Ross Street, Suite 154-0850 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15262-001 
 
 Contact CBLA2 
 Phone (315) 765-4822 
 Email CBLA2 bny.com & BNYM bnymobsnotices.com 
 The Huntington National Bank 34,375,000.00 41 South High St. HCO520 
 Columbus, OH 43287 
 
 Contact Debbie Cabungcal 
 Phone (614) 480-1283 
 Email Debbie.cabungcal huntington.com 
 TOTAL 1,000,000,000.00 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 10
 q32024-ex109.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 
 Exhibit 10.9 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of October 24, 2024 
 among 
 KEYSTONE APPALACHIAN TRANSMISSION CO., as Borrower, 
 THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN, as Lenders , 
 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Administrative Agent, 
 and 
 THE FRONTING BANKS NAMED HEREIN, as Fronting Banks 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC. 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 
 MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 
 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. 
 THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 24, 2024 (this Amendment ), to the Existing Credit Agreement referred to below, is entered into by and among Keystone Appalachian Transmission Co. KATCo or the Borrower ), each of the Lenders party hereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, and each of the Fronting Banks party hereto. 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 1. The Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2023 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 2. The Borrower has requested that each Lender extend the Termination Date applicable to such Lender for an additional one year period, from October 20, 2027 to October 20, 2028 (the Extension and each Lender has agreed to the Extension as to itself. 
 3. The Borrower desires to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth herein, and the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Banks have agreed to such amendments on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following terms in the proper alphabetical order therein 
 (i) First Amendment means the Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2024, by and among the Borrower, each of the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and each of the Fronting Banks party thereto. 
 (ii) First Amendment Effective Date means the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in the First Amendment), which date is October 24, 2024. 
 (b) The definition of the term Applicable Margin set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Applicable Margin means, for any Alternate Base Rate Advance or any Term Benchmark Advance (or, if applicable, RFR Advance) made to the Borrower, the interest rate per annum set forth in the relevant row of the table immediately 

below, determined by reference to the Reference Ratings, from time to time in effect (and, solely in the case that there are no Reference Ratings, Applicable Margin shall be at Level 5) 
 BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A+ by S&P or A1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Applicable Margin for Term Benchmark Advances (or, if applicable, RFR Advances) 0.875 1.00 1.125 1.25 1.50 Applicable Margin for Alternate Base Rate Advances 0.00 0.00 0.125 0.25 0.50 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if there is a difference of one level in Reference Ratings of S&P and Moody s and the higher of such Reference Ratings falls in Level 1, Level 2, Level 3 and Level 4 then the higher Reference Rating will be used to determine the pricing level and (ii) if there is a difference of more than one level in Reference Ratings of S&P and Moody s, the Reference Rating that is one level above the lower of such Reference Ratings will be used to determine the pricing level, unless the lower of such Reference Ratings falls in Level 5, in which case the lower of such Reference Ratings will be used to determine the pricing level. If there exists only one Reference Rating, such Reference Rating will be used to determine the pricing level. Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change in the Reference Rating shall become effective on the third (3 rd Business Day following such change in the Reference Rating. 
 (c) The definition of the term Fee Letters set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (i) by deleting the word and at the end of clause (ii) thereof and 
 - 2 - 

(ii) by adding the following at the end of clause (iii) thereof 
 , (iv) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrower, FE, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, JPMorgan, Mizuho, PNC Capital Markets LLC and PNC Bank and (v) the fee letter, dated September 19, 2024, by and among the Borrower, FE, certain of FE s other Subsidiaries, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. 
 (d) The definition of the term Termination Date set forth in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Termination Date means October 20, 2028 subject, for certain Lenders, to the extension described in Section 2.19 hereof, or, in any case, the earlier date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 6.01 hereof. 
 (e) Section 2.05(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee on the amount of such Lender s Available Commitment at such time from the date hereof in the case of each Bank and from the effective date specified in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which it became a Lender in the case of each other Lender until the Termination Date applicable to such Lender, payable quarterly in arrears, fifteen (15) Business Days after the last day of each March, June, September and December during such period, and on such Termination Date, at the rate per annum set forth below determined by reference to the Reference Ratings of the Borrower from time to time in effect (and, solely in the case that there are no Reference Ratings, the rate shall be at Level 5) 
 BASIS FOR PRICING LEVEL 1 
 
 Reference Ratings at least A+ by S&P or A1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 2 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 1 but at least A by S&P or A2 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 3 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 2 but at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 4 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 3 but at least BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody s 
 LEVEL 5 
 
 Reference Ratings lower than Level 4 
 Commitment Fee 0.075 0.10 0.125 0.175 0.225 
 
 - 3 - 

For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if there is a difference of one level in Reference Ratings of S&P and Moody s and the higher of such Reference Ratings falls in Level 1, Level 2, Level 3 or Level 4 , then the higher Reference Rating will be used to determine the commitment fee, and (ii) if there is a difference of more than one level in Reference Ratings of S&P and Moody s, the Reference Rating that is one level above the lower of such Reference Ratings will be used to determine the commitment fee, unless the lower of such Reference Ratings falls in Level 5, in which case the lower of such Reference Ratings will be used to determine the commitment fee. If there exists only one Reference Rating, such Reference Rating will be used to determine the commitment fee. Any increase or decrease in the commitment fee resulting from a change in the Reference Rating shall become effective on the third (3rd) Business Day following such change in the Reference Rating. 
 (f) Section 2.05(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (d) The Borrower agrees to pay to each Fronting Bank, for its own account, certain fees payable by the Borrower in such amounts and payable on such terms as set forth in the Fee Letters or separately agreed upon between the Borrower and such Fronting Bank. 
 (g) Section 2.19(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the last sentence thereof in its entirety as follows 
 Following the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower may request no more than two extensions pursuant to this Section 2.19. 
 (h) Section 5.03(e) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the proviso thereof in its entirety as follows 
 provided, however , that the Borrower may not use such proceeds in connection with any Hostile Acquisition. 
 (i) Schedule I to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Schedule I hereto. 
 SECTION 2. New Lender Reallocations. 
 (a) New Lender . Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the New Lender (i) represents and warrants that (A) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Amendment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Credit Agreement and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (B) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement and under applicable law that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire its Commitments under the Credit Agreement and become a Lender, (C) from and after the Amendment Effective Date, 
 - 4 - 

it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of its Commitments, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (D) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by its Commitments and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire its Commitments, is experienced in acquiring assets of this type, and (E) it has received a copy of the Existing Credit Agreement and the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(g) of the Existing Credit Agreement, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any other Lender or their respective Related Parties, (ii) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, and (iii) agrees that (A) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any other Lender or their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (B) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 (b) Reallocations, Etc. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Existing Credit Agreement or the Credit Agreement 
 (i) as of the Amendment Effective Date, each Lender s Commitment shall be as set forth on Schedule I hereto 
 (ii) the New Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to this Amendment, each Lender s Commitment to be as set forth on Schedule I hereto 
 (iii) in connection with the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make such reallocations, sales, assignments or other relevant actions in respect of the Commitments (as defined in and in effect under the Existing Credit Agreement) as are necessary in order that each Lender s Commitment under the Credit Agreement is as set forth on Schedule I hereto on the Amendment Effective Date, and the Borrower and each Lender that was a Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement hereby agrees that (A) such reallocation, sales and assignments shall be deemed to have been effected by way of, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Assignment and Assumptions, and no other documents or instruments shall be, or shall be required to be, executed in connection with such assignments (all of which are hereby waived), (B) such reallocation shall satisfy the assignment provisions of Section 8.08 of the Existing Credit Agreement and (C) in connection with such reallocation, sales, assignments or other relevant actions, the 
 - 5 - 

Borrower shall pay all interest and fees outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement and accrued to the date hereof to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders party hereto, together with any losses, costs and expenses incurred by Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement and 
 (iv) each of the signatories hereto that is also a party to the Existing Credit Agreement hereby consents to any of the actions described in this Section 2(b) and agrees that any and all required notices and required notice periods under the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with any of the actions described in this Section 2(b) on the Amendment Effective Date are hereby waived and of no force and effect. 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the Amendment Effective Date when, and only when, the following conditions have been satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto in their sole discretion) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received, in immediately available funds, to the extent invoiced prior to the Amendment Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following documents, each document being dated the date of receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent (which date shall be the same for all such documents, except as otherwise specified below), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) either (A) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, and the Fronting Banks or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such parties have signed counterparts of this Amendment 
 (ii) certified copies of (A) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving this Amendment and the Credit Agreement and (B) all documents evidencing any other necessary corporate action with respect to this Amendment and the Credit Agreement 
 (iii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying (A) the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, (B) that attached thereto are true and correct copies of the Organizational Documents of the Borrower, in each case as in effect on such date, and (C) that true and correct copies of all governmental and regulatory authorizations and approvals required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement 
 - 6 - 

have previously been delivered to the Administrative Agent and remain in full force and effect on such date 
 (iv) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower (the statements in which shall be true) certifying that, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, (A) no event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes an Event of Default or an Unmatured Default with respect to the Borrower and (B) all representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which the Borrower is a party are true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of any representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than any such representation or warranty that by its terms refers to a specific date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and 
 (v) opinions of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, special counsel for the Borrower, and certain local counsel for the Borrower, as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, to the extent such documentation or information is requested by the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender prior to the Amendment Effective Date. 
 SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) Due Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment and each other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which the Borrower is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part and do not, and will not, require the consent or approval of its shareholders or members, as the case may be, other than such consents and approvals as have been duly obtained, given or accomplished. 
 (b) No Violation, Etc. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by it of this Amendment, any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is a party, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by it with the provisions hereof or thereof, nor the performance by it of the Credit Agreement, contravenes or will contravene, or results or will result in a breach of, any of the provisions of its Organizational Documents, any Applicable Law, or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, license or any other agreement or instrument to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is party or by which its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries is bound, or results or will result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such contravention or breach, or the creation or imposition of any such Lien, individually or in the aggregate, has not 
 - 7 - 

had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrower. 
 (c) Governmental Actions . No Governmental Action is or will be required in connection with (i) the execution, delivery or performance by it of, or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by, this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party, or (ii) the performance by it of the Credit Agreement. 
 (d) Execution and Delivery . This Amendment and the other Loan Documents being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party have been or will be (as the case may be) duly executed and delivered by it, and each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement is, and upon execution and delivery thereof each such other Loan Document will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of it enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, however , solely with respect to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and such other Loan Document, to the application by a court of general principles of equity and to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. 
 (e) No Material Misstatements . The reports, financial statements and other written information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, any Fronting Bank or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, when taken together with the Disclosure Documents, do not contain, when taken as a whole, any untrue statement of a material fact and do not omit, when taken as a whole, to state any fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect. 
 (f) Litigation . There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that involve this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (g) No Default . No Unmatured Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of (i) the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Amendment or any other Loan Document being executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment to which it is, or is to become, a party or (ii) the performance by the Borrower of the Credit Agreement. 
 (h) Anti-Corruption Laws . No proceeds of any Borrowing have been used in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents . 
 (a) Except as expressly amended hereby, all of the representations, warranties, terms, covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in 
 - 8 - 

full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The amendments set forth herein shall be limited precisely as provided for herein and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of, release of, amendment of, consent to, departure from or modification of any term or provision of the Loan Documents or any other document or instrument referred to therein or of any transaction or further or future action on the part of the Borrower requiring the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks or the Lenders except to the extent specifically provided for herein. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders have not and shall not be deemed to have waived any of their respective rights and remedies against the Borrower for any existing or future Unmatured Default or Event of Default. The Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders reserve the right to insist on strict compliance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Borrower expressly acknowledges such reservation of rights. Any future or additional amendment of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be effective only if set forth in a writing separate and distinct from this Amendment and executed by the appropriate parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 (b) Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment (i) each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement and (ii) each reference in any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a release or waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Fronting Banks under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a release or a waiver of any provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of any amount owing under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document and all amounts owing in respect of principal, interest, fees and other amounts pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall, to the extent not paid on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, continue to be owing under the Credit Agreement or such other Loan Documents until paid in accordance therewith. 
 SECTION 6. Costs and Expenses . The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, each Fronting Bank and each Lender in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, syndication and administration of this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel (including, but not limited to, one local counsel and any specialist counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and each Lender as to their rights and responsibilities under this Amendment. The Borrower further 
 - 9 - 

agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that, pursuant to Section 8.05(a) of the Credit Agreement, it is required to pay, among other costs and expenses set forth therein, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent (including, but not limited to, any local counsel and any specialist counsel for the Administrative Agent), in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts), each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including, without limitation, by Adobe portable document format file (also known as a PDF file)) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, executed, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided , that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent provided , further , that, without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any electronic signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 SECTION 8. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 SECTION 9. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 8.05, 8.10, 8.11 and 8.12 of the Credit Agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 SECTION 10. Release . In consideration of, among other things, the Administrative Agent s, the Fronting Banks and the Lenders execution and delivery of this Amendment, the Borrower, on behalf of itself and its agents, representatives, officers, directors, advisors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, Releasors ), hereby forever agrees and covenants not to sue or prosecute against any Releasee (as hereinafter defined) and hereby forever waives, releases and discharges, to the fullest extent permitted by 
 - 10 - 

law, each Releasee from any and all claims (including, without limitation, crossclaims, counterclaims, rights of set-off and recoupment), actions, causes of action, suits, debts, liens, warranties, damages and consequential damages, judgments, costs or expenses whatsoever, that such Releasor now has or hereafter may have, of whatsoever nature and kind, whether now existing or hereafter arising, whether arising at law or in equity (collectively, the Claims ), against any or all of the Credit Parties in any capacity and their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and their respective successors and assigns and each and all of the officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, advisors and other representatives of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Releasees ), based in whole or in part on facts existing on or before the Amendment Effective Date, that relate to, arise out of or otherwise are in connection with (i) any or all of the Loan Documents or transactions contemplated thereby or any actions or omissions in connection therewith or (ii) any aspect of the dealings or relationships between or among the Borrower, on the one hand, and any or all of the Credit Parties, on the other hand, relating to any or all of the documents, transactions, actions or omissions referenced in clause (i) hereof. The receipt by the Borrower of any Advances or other financial accommodations made by any Credit Party after the date hereof shall constitute a ratification, adoption, and confirmation by such party of the foregoing general release of all Claims against the Releasees that are based in whole or in part on facts existing on or prior to the date of receipt of any such Advances or other financial accommodations. In entering into this Amendment, the Borrower consulted with, and has been represented by, legal counsel and expressly disclaims any reliance on any representations, acts or omissions by any of the Releasees and hereby agrees and acknowledges that the validity and effectiveness of the releases set forth above do not depend in any way on any such representations, acts and or omissions or the accuracy, completeness or validity thereof. The provisions of this Section 10 shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents and payment in full of the Advances. 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank signature pages follow 
 - 11 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

KEYSTONE APPALACHIAN TRANSMISSION CO. 
 By s Steven R. Staub Name Steven R. Staub Title Vice President and Treasurer 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Administrative Agent, a Fronting Bank and a Lender 

By s Anna Bartholomew Name Anna Bartholomew Title Vice President 

MUFG BANK, LTD., as a Lender 

By s Matthew Bly Name Matthew Bly Title Director 
 
 772492288 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Khawaja Tariq ________ Name Khawaja Tariq Title Vice President 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s Richard Rivera Name Richard Rivera Title Vice President 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., as a Lender 
 
 By s Edward Sacks Name Edward Sacks Title Managing Director 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Sydney G. Dennis ________ Name Sydney G. Dennis Title Vice President 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael King Name Michael King Title Authorized Signatory 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s David Dewar ________ Name David Dewar Title Director 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender 
 
 By s Meg Donnelly Name Meg Donnelly Title Authorized Signatory 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a New Lender 
 
 By s Patrick Engel Name Patrick Engel Title Managing Director 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender 
 
 By s Amit Vasani Name Amit Vasani Title Authorized Signatory 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Andrew Sidford Name Andrew Sidford Title Managing Director 
 
 By s Gordon Yip Name Gordon Yip Title Director 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Renee M. Bonnell Name Renee M. Bonnell Title Senior Vice President 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 
 as a Lender 

By s Alkesh Nanavaty Name Alkesh Nanavaty Title Executive Director 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s M. Bernadette Collins Name Bernadette Collins Title Senior Vice President 

TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 
 
 By s Catherine Strickland Name Catherine Strickland Title Vice President 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael E. Temnick Name Michael E. Temnick Title Senior Vice President 

COBANK, ACB, as a Lender 
 
 By s David B. Willis Name David B. Willis Title Managing Director 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA, as a Lender 
 
 By s Paul Wargo Name Paul Wargo Title Commercial RM 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Molly H. Ross Name Molly H. Ross Title Director 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Nolan Woodbury Name Nolan Woodbury Title Assistant Vice President 

SCHEDULE I 
 List of Commitments and Lending Offices 
 
 Lender Commitment 
 Amount 
 Lending Office MUFG Bank, Ltd. 8,750,000.00 1251 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020-1104 
 
 Contact Nadia Sleiman 
 Phone (212) 782-6974 
 Email 
 CCD-docunit us.mufg.jp 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 7,888,011.16 GR. FLR., 1ST- 6TH FLR., PLATINA BLOCK-3, 
 KODBISANHAL, FLR. 04 
 Bengaluru, IN-KA, 560103, India 
 
 Contact Vithal Giri 
 Phone (+91-80) 67905186 ext. 75186 
 Email vithal.giri jpmorgan.com 
 Citibank, N.A. 7,888,011.16 388 Greenwich St. 
 New York, NY 10013 
 
 Contact Ashwani Khubani 
 Phone (212) 816-3690 
 Email ashwani.khubani citi.com 
 Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 7,871,747.21 1271 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020 
 
 Contact Erik Kildal-Brandt Leo Pau 
 Phone (212) 282-4089 (212) 282-3418 
 Email Erik.Kildal-Brandt mizuhogroup.com leo.pau mizuhogroup.com LAU_MGS mizuhogroup.com 
 
 772492288 

PNC Bank, National Association 7,871,747.21 300 Fifth Avenue 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
 
 Contact Montreal Phillips, Loan Support Analyst 
 Phone (440) 546-9431 
 Email Montreal.Phillips pnc.com 
 Barclays Bank PLC 7,871,747.21 745 Seventh Avenue, 8th Floor 
 New York, NY 10019 
 Contact Oksana Shtogrin 
 Phone (212) 526 3441 
 Email Oksana.shtogrin barclays.com 
 Bank of America, N.A. 7,871,747.21 Bank of America Tower Charlotte 
 NC1-030-24-02 
 620 S Tryon St 
 Charlotte, NC 2825 
 
 Contact Jacqueline Margetis 
 Phone (813) 597-9962 
 Email Bank_of_America_As_Lender_1 bofa.com, jacqueline.margetis bofa.com 
 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 7,871,747.21 1300 Thames Street Wharf, 4th Floor 
 Baltimore, MD 21231 
 
 Contact Morgan Stanley Loan Servicing 
 Phone (443) 627-6648 
 Email msloanservicing morganstanley.com 

The Bank of Nova Scotia 7,871,747.21 250 Vesey Street, 23rd floor 
 New York, NY 10281 
 
 Contact Sandy Dewar 
 Phone (917) 439-2391 
 Email sandy.dewar scotiabank.com 
 Royal Bank of Canada 7,871,747.21 3 World Financial Center 
 200 Vesey St 
 New York, NY 10281 
 
 Contact Frank Lambrinos 
 Phone (212) 858-7374 
 Email frank.lambrinos rbccm.com 
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 7,871,747.21 550 S Tryon Street, 11 th Floor Charlotte, NC 28202 
 
 Contact Patrick Engel 
 Phone (704) 374-2385 
 Email Patrick.D.Engel wellsfargo.com 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch 6,500,000.00 300 Madison Ave 
 New York, NY 10017 
 
 Contact Anju Abraham 
 Phone (212) 856-3769 
 Email Anju.Abraham cibc.com 
 Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 6,500,000.00 1100 Louisiana St. Ste 4750 
 Houston, TX 77002 
 
 Contact Dixon Schultz 
 Phone (713) 890-8607 
 Email dixon.schultz ca-cib.com 

KeyBank National Association 6,500,000.00 127 Public Square 
 Cleveland, OH 44114 
 
 Contact Renee Bonnell 
 Phone (216) 689-7729 
 Email renee.bonnell key.com KAS_servicing keybank.com 
 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 6,500,000.00 277 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10172 
 
 Contact Emily Estevez 
 Phone (212) 224-4177 
 Email eestevez smbc-Lf.com 
 TD Bank, N.A. 6,500,000.00 222 Bay Street, 15th Floor 
 Toronto, ON M5K 1A2 
 
 Contact Diana Macecevic 
 Phone (416) 350-9135 
 Email TDBNANotices tdsecurities.com 
 Truist Bank 6,500,000.00 110 S Stratford Rd Winston Salem, NC 27104 
 
 Contact Shana Pask 
 Phone 333-733-2645 
 Email CapitalMarkets-W-S truist.com 
 U.S. Bank National Association 6,500,000.00 400 City Center 
 Oshkosh, WI 54901 
 
 Contact CLS Syndication Services 
 Phone 920-237-7601 
 Email CLSSyndicationServicesteam usbank.com 

CoBank, ACB 4,250,000.00 6340 S. Fiddlers Green Circle Greenwood village, CO 80111 
 Attn Loan Administration 
 
 Contact Beth Johnson 
 Phone (303) 740-4347 
 Email loanadminnotices cobank.com loanadmin cobank.com 
 First National Bank of Pennsylvania 4,250,000.00 12 Federal Street 
 One Northshore Ctr., Suite 500 
 Pittsburgh PA 15212 
 
 Contact Paul Wargo 
 Phone (412) 445-1981 
 Email wargop fnb-corp.com 
 The Bank of New York Mellon 4,250,000.00 500 Ross Street, Suite 154-0850 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15262-001 
 
 Contact CBLA2 
 Phone (315) 765-4822 
 Email CBLA2 bny.com & BNYM bnymobsnotices.com 
 The Huntington National Bank 4,250,000.00 41 South High St. HCO520 
 Columbus, OH 43287 
 
 Contact Debbie Cabungcal 
 Phone (614) 480-1283 
 Email Debbie.cabungcal huntington.com 
 TOTAL 150,000,000.00 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 q32024-ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

 Certification 
 I, Brian X. Tierney, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of FirstEnergy Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 s Brian X. Tierney Brian X. Tierney President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 q32024-ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 Certification 
 I, K. Jon Taylor, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of FirstEnergy Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 s K. Jon Taylor K. Jon Taylor Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Strategy 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 13
 q32024-ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Report of FirstEnergy Corp. Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each undersigned officer of the Company does hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Brian X. Tierney Brian X. Tierney President and Chief Executive Officer s K. Jon Taylor K. Jon Taylor Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Strategy 
 Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 fe-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 fe-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 fe-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 fe-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 fe-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

